### [2004-01-12](/news/2004/01/12/index.md)

#  Canadian federal election, 2004: Stephen Harper announces his entry into the race to lead the new Conservative Party of Canada. Earlier today, Jim Prentice drops out of the leadership contest, citing a lack of funds.




### Related:

1. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
2. [A Canadian House of Commons committee tables a report recommending that the Conservative government of Stephen Harper be found in contempt of parliament. ](/news/2011/03/21/a-canadian-house-of-commons-committee-tables-a-report-recommending-that-the-conservative-government-of-stephen-harper-be-found-in-contempt-o.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
3. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government. Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
4. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
5. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
6. [ Stephen Harper is elected as leader of the Conservative Party of Canada, winning 56% of the possible points on the first ballot. ](/news/2004/03/20/stephen-harper-is-elected-as-leader-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-winning-56-of-the-possible-points-on-the-first-ballot.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
7. [2004 Canadian Federal Election: Belinda Stronach officially announces her run for leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.thestar.ca/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1074596565057&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2004/01/20/2004-canadian-federal-election-belinda-stronach-officially-announces-her-run-for-leadership-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-http-ww.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, election_
8. [ Canadian federal election, 2004: Former Ontario Health Minister Tony Clement declares his candidacy for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. Also confirmed is the candidacy of auto parts magnate Belinda Stronach, who will announce her entry into the leadership race next week.](/news/2004/01/15/canadian-federal-election-2004-former-ontario-health-minister-tony-clement-declares-his-candidacy-for-the-leadership-of-the-conservative.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, election_
9. [A plane crash near Kelowna, BC, kills Canadian politician and former Premier of Alberta Jim Prentice along with three others. ](/news/2016/10/13/a-plane-crash-near-kelowna-bc-kills-canadian-politician-and-former-premier-of-alberta-jim-prentice-along-with-three-others.md) _Context: Jim Prentice_
10. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
