### [2004-01-12](/news/2004/01/12/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Over 100,000 people rally in Tel Aviv to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plans to withdraw from parts of Gaza and the West Bank, which would involve abandoning some Israeli settlements in those areas.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank. The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. ](/news/2005/08/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-kills-3-palestinian-civilians-in-the-west-bank-the-attack-was-condemned-by-ariel-sharon-a.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, four former heads of Shin Bet say Israel is heading for disaster unless Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's right-wing government changes its policies with regard to the Palestinians and begins negotiations. Ministers accuse the former security heads of creating a controversy for political reasons.](/news/2003/11/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-four-former-heads-of-shin-bet-say-israel-is-heading-for-disaster-unless-prime-minister-ariel-sharo.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Prime Minister_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon declares that Hamas leaders are "marked for death" and will not have a moment's rest, after Israel failed in an attempt to kill the top-ranking members of Hamas with a 550-pound bomb dropped on a Gaza City apartment.](/news/2003/09/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-declares-that-hamas-leaders-are-marked-for-death-and-will-not-have-a-m.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing-a-palestinian-suspected-of-sta.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [A Palestinian man from the West Bank, Hamza Muhammad Hassan Matrouk, illegally crosses into Israel for the express purpose to stab people attacking over a dozen Israelis on a bus in central Tel Aviv. Security forces capture the assailant as he continued to indiscriminately stab people in the street. ](/news/2015/01/21/a-palestinian-man-from-the-west-bank-hamza-muhammad-hassan-matrouk-illegally-crosses-into-israel-for-the-express-purpose-to-stab-people-at.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, West Bank_
9. [The government in the West Bank is largely ready to govern a Palestinian state, a United Nations report claims. ](/news/2011/04/13/the-government-in-the-west-bank-is-largely-ready-to-govern-a-palestinian-state-a-united-nations-report-claims.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
