### [2004-01-12](/news/2004/01/12/index.md)

#  Mars Exploration Rover Mission: The "Spirit"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s air bags that cushioned its landing on Mars have been obstructing the vehicle's path, and this complication has postponed its exit of the launch vehicle until Wednesday or Thursday.




### Related:

1. [ NASA isolates the flash memory aboard "Spirit" as the most probable cause of communications problems; work continues on a method to operate the rover without it. MER-B "Opportunity" successfully lands on Mars and continues communications through all stages.](/news/2004/01/24/nasa-isolates-the-flash-memory-aboard-spirit-as-the-most-probable-cause-of-communications-problems-work-continues-on-a-method-to-operate.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
2. [ Mars Exploration Rover Mission: MER-A "Spirit" rover stops transmitting meaningful data and has thought to have gone into safe mode. The cause of this is unknown but the rover is still able to send back a simple acknowledgement tone.](/news/2004/01/22/mars-exploration-rover-mission-mer-a-spirit-rover-stops-transmitting-meaningful-data-and-has-thought-to-have-gone-into-safe-mode-the-ca.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
3. [ The NASA Mars Exploration Rover Mission robotic Spirit rover sends back a partial panoramic view from the top of "Husband Hill" at Gusev Crater on Mars. ](/news/2005/09/2/the-nasa-mars-exploration-rover-mission-robotic-spirit-rover-sends-back-a-partial-panoramic-view-from-the-top-of-husband-hill-at-gusev-cr.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
4. [ The Spirit rover takes the first picture "ever" of Earth from the surface of another planet which happens to be Mars. ](/news/2004/03/11/the-spirit-rover-takes-the-first-picture-ever-of-earth-from-the-surface-of-another-planet-which-happens-to-be-mars.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
5. [ "Mars Exploration Rover Mission": Mars surface temperatures appear to vary more frequently and dramatically than on Earth, preliminary data from NASA's Opportunity rover shows.](/news/2004/02/13/mars-exploration-rover-mission-mars-surface-temperatures-appear-to-vary-more-frequently-and-dramatically-than-on-earth-preliminary-data.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
6. [ Exploration of Mars: Engineers at JPL decide to turn the Mars Spirit Rover around on its lander after it was found the airbags could not be retracted enough to allow it to move off in a forward direction. It is expected the rover will drive off sometime next week. The Rover has also stood up and deployed its front wheels.](/news/2004/01/9/exploration-of-mars-engineers-at-jpl-decide-to-turn-the-mars-spirit-rover-around-on-its-lander-after-it-was-found-the-airbags-could-not-be.md) _Context: Spirit_
7. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: Spirit_
8. [ Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).](/news/2004/01/4/exploration-of-mars-american-mars-probe-spirit-mission-is-successful-and-is-sending-back-images-spirit-is-alive-after-rolling-to-a-stop.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
9. [ Exploration of Mars: The first of the Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit, has successfully landed on the Martian surface with a "very strong signal" being received from the lander. It was a tense few minutes as no signal was received from the lander during the minutes while it bounced over the surface. Mission Control is described as being a wild place with the mission scientists very happy. The first pictures are expected at the earliest around 0730 UTCurl=http://spaceflightnow.com/mars/mera/statustextonly.html  Mars &#124; Mission Status Center  Now  ](/news/2004/01/3/exploration-of-mars-the-first-of-the-mars-exploration-rovers-spirit-has-successfully-landed-on-the-martian-surface-with-a-very-strong-s.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission_
10. [ NASA's Spirit rover communicated with Earth in a signal detected by NASA's Deep Space Network antenna complex near Madrid, Spain, at 12:34 Universal Time (4:34 am PST) this morning. The transmissions came during a communication window about 90 minutes after Spirit woke up for the morning on Mars. The signal lasted for 10 minutes at a data rate of 10 bits per second. Mission controllers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, plan to send commands to Spirit seeking additional data from the spacecraft during the subsequent few hours. The flight team for NASA's Spirit received data from the rover in another communication session that began at 13:26 Universal Time (5:26 am PST) and lasted 20 minutes at a data rate of 120 bits per second.](/news/2004/01/23/nasa-s-spirit-rover-communicated-with-earth-in-a-signal-detected-by-nasa-s-deep-space-network-antenna-complex-near-madrid-spain-at-12-34.md) _Context: Spirit_
