### [2004-01-12](/news/2004/01/12/index.md)

#  The U.S. State Department concludes that the Israeli attack on USS "Liberty" in 1967, although probably accidental, was an act of gross negligence and that Israel should be held responsible.




### Related:

1. [The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-united-states-state-department-criticizes-thailand-for-deporting-ethnic-uyghur-back-to-china-the-predominantly-uyghur-xinjiang-province.md) _Context: State Department_
2. [United States State Department makes its first confirmation that a U.S. citizen has been "involved" in a suicide bombing as part of Syria's ongoing civil war. ](/news/2014/05/30/united-states-state-department-makes-its-first-confirmation-that-a-u-s-citizen-has-been-involved-in-a-suicide-bombing-as-part-of-syria-s.md) _Context: State Department_
3. [The United States State Department designates Boko Haram as a "terrorist" group. ](/news/2013/11/13/the-united-states-state-department-designates-boko-haram-as-a-terrorist-group.md) _Context: State Department_
4. [The BBC World Service is expected to sign an agreement with the United States State Department to enable it to combat censorship in Iran and the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/03/20/the-bbc-world-service-is-expected-to-sign-an-agreement-with-the-united-states-state-department-to-enable-it-to-combat-censorship-in-iran-and.md) _Context: State Department_
5. [A senior diplomat in charge of relations with Japan at the United States State Department is replaced for allegedly making disparaging remarks about the people of Okinawa. ](/news/2011/03/10/a-senior-diplomat-in-charge-of-relations-with-japan-at-the-united-states-state-department-is-replaced-for-allegedly-making-disparaging-remar.md) _Context: State Department_
6. [ The United States State Department claims that North Korea has stepped up disablement of its nuclear reactor and allowed surveillance of its nuclear facility to resume. ](/news/2008/10/17/the-united-states-state-department-claims-that-north-korea-has-stepped-up-disablement-of-its-nuclear-reactor-and-allowed-surveillance-of-it.md) _Context: State Department_
7. [ Richard J. Griffin resigns as head of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security in the United States State Department following the Blackwater shooting in Iraq. ](/news/2007/10/24/richard-j-griffin-resigns-as-head-of-the-bureau-of-diplomatic-security-in-the-united-states-state-department-following-the-blackwater-shoo.md) _Context: State Department_
8. [ U.S. Congressman Henry Waxman, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, announces that he will begin an investigation into the activities of Howard Krongard, Inspector General of the State Department. Krongard has been accused of interfering with investigations into corruption involving fraud in the building of the new United States Embassy in Iraq, the smuggling of illegal weapons into Iraq by Blackwater USA employees, and the activities of former chairman of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, Kenneth Tomlinson, in the use of his office for personal gain. ](/news/2007/09/19/u-s-congressman-henry-waxman-chairman-of-the-house-committee-on-oversight-and-government-reform-announces-that-he-will-begin-an-investig.md) _Context: State Department_
9. [ North Korea: According to ABC News, a "senior State Department official" says that "It is the view of the intelligence community that a (nuclear) test is a real possibility," and says that they have seen "suspicious vehicle movement" at a suspected nuclear test site. However, according to Reuters, a United States official said that "We have no new evidence to support that." Also according to the Associated Press, the White House said that any nuclear weapons test would be an "extremely provocative" act that would be denounced around the globe." ](/news/2006/08/17/north-korea-according-to-abc-news-a-senior-state-department-official-says-that-it-is-the-view-of-the-intelligence-community-that-a-nu.md) _Context: State Department_
