### [2005-07-9](/news/2005/07/9/index.md)

#  In Serbia a documentary film "The Truth" (Istina) made of footage filmed during the Yugoslav wars, and showing numerous war crimes committed against Serbs is introduced in the Sava Center in Belgrade, sparking public outrage. 




### Source:

1. [SN](http://www.srpski-nacional.com/vesti.php?id=4066)

### Related:

1. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Serbia, Yugoslav Wars, war crime_
2. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia, Serbian_
3. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
4. [A man detonates a grenade inside a bakery in Belgrade, Serbia, killing himself. No other casualties were reported. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-man-detonates-a-grenade-inside-a-bakery-in-belgrade-serbia-killing-himself-no-other-casualties-were-reported.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
5. [A Serbian military Russian-made MI-17 transport helicopter crashes near Belgrade's international airport in foggy weather while evacuating a sick 5-day-old baby with life-threatening respiratory problems from the south of the country, killing all seven people on board. ](/news/2015/03/13/a-serbian-military-russian-made-mi-17-transport-helicopter-crashes-near-belgrade-s-international-airport-in-foggy-weather-while-evacuating-a.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
6. [Velika Ivanca shooting: At least 13 people are killed and another three injured after a man goes on a spree shooting in the village of Velika Ivanca near the Serbian capital Belgrade. ](/news/2013/04/9/velika-ivanaa-shooting-at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-another-three-injured-after-a-man-goes-on-a-spree-shooting-in-the-village-of-veli.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
7. [Serbia and its former province of Kosovo reach an accord aimed at normalizing relations between the Balkan neighbours, potentially setting Belgrade on the path to membership of the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/19/serbia-and-its-former-province-of-kosovo-reach-an-accord-aimed-at-normalizing-relations-between-the-balkan-neighbours-potentially-setting-b.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
8. [A UN war crimes tribunal acquits former Kosovan Prime Minister and former commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army Ramush Haradinaj of war crimes, prompting Serbia to denounce the court. ](/news/2012/11/29/a-un-war-crimes-tribunal-acquits-former-kosovan-prime-minister-and-former-commander-of-the-kosovo-liberation-army-ramush-haradinaj-of-war-cr.md) _Context: Serbia, war crime_
9. [A 50,000-strong anti-government demonstration calling for snap elections takes place in Belgrade, Serbia, with leader of the opposition Serbian Progressive Party Tomislav Nikolic announcing he is to begin a hunger strike until new elections. ](/news/2011/04/16/a-50-000-strong-anti-government-demonstration-calling-for-snap-elections-takes-place-in-belgrade-serbia-with-leader-of-the-opposition-serb.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
10. [The largest anti-government demonstration in years occurs in Belgrade, with thousands of disenchanted Serbs travelling to the parliament building from across the country to call for early elections there. An opposition party leader at the event compares it to the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt. ](/news/2011/02/5/the-largest-anti-government-demonstration-in-years-occurs-in-belgrade-with-thousands-of-disenchanted-serbs-travelling-to-the-parliament-bui.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbian_
