### [2005-07-9](/news/2005/07/9/index.md)

#  President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan. CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. 

Osama bin Laden is not in Afghanistan, President Hamid Karzai says.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/archive/2005/07/20084913255215107.html)
2. [CNN](https://web.archive.org/web/20100105021333/http://www.cnn.com/2005/US/06/20/goss.bin.laden/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Osama bin Laden_
2. [ War on Terrorism:: The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]: A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/war-on-terrorism-the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-q.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, Osama bin Laden_
3. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nat.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
5. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
6. [War in Afghanistan:: President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
7. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him -60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
8. [President Karzai dismisses Mohammad Gulab Mangal and others in a reshuffle of the government in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/09/20/president-karzai-dismisses-mohammad-gulab-mangal-and-others-in-a-reshuffle-of-the-government-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
9. [War in Afghanistan: President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan calls for a re-think of the War on Terror. ](/news/2012/09/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-calls-for-a-re-think-of-the-war-on-terror.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
10. [U.S. General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sacks Maj. Gen. Peter Fuller for making inappropriate comments about Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government. ](/news/2011/11/4/u-s-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-sacks-maj-gen-peter-fuller-for-making.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
