### [2004-10-5](/news/2004/10/5/index.md)

#  Iran announces that its Shahab-3 missile has been modified to increase its range (originally 810 miles (1,300 km)) to 1,250 miles (2,000 km). This puts parts of Europe&mdash;and all of the Middle East&mdash;within range of Iran's missiles for the first time. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6419844)
2. [The Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=1163352004)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
2. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
3. [A heat wave hits the Middle East with Baghdad recording a top temperature of 50 C and the Iranian city of Bandar Mahshahr recording a near world record heat index temperature of 165.2 F. ](/news/2015/07/30/a-heat-wave-hits-the-middle-east-with-baghdad-recording-a-top-temperature-of-50-c-and-the-iranian-city-of-bandar-mahshahr-recording-a-near-w.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
4. [At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash-county-sistan-and-baluchestan-province.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
5. [Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi accuses Iran of working to destabilize the Middle East, claiming that the region is falling victim to terrorist groups backed financially by Iran. ](/news/2010/10/17/former-iraqi-prime-minister-ayad-allawi-accuses-iran-of-working-to-destabilize-the-middle-east-claiming-that-the-region-is-falling-victim-t.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
6. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
8. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
9. [ Iran test-fires nine long- and medium-range missiles, including the Shahab-3. ](/news/2008/07/9/iran-test-fires-nine-long-and-medium-range-missiles-including-the-shahab-3.md) _Context: Iran, Shahab-3_
10. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
