### [2004-10-5](/news/2004/10/5/index.md)

#  United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3715396.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6414697)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ The United States military says that it accidentally killed nine Iraqi civilians in an operation targeting Al-Qaeda south of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/02/4/the-united-states-military-says-that-it-accidentally-killed-nine-iraqi-civilians-in-an-operation-targeting-al-qaeda-south-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, al-Qaeda_
3. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
4. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ The United States Senate states there is no evidence of formal links between Iraqi ex-leader Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda leaders in Iraq prior to the 2003 Iraq War. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-united-states-senate-states-there-is-no-evidence-of-formal-links-between-iraqi-ex-leader-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-leaders-in-iraq-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Saddam Hussein, 69, the deposed former Iraqi President, has been force-fed in a Baghdad hospital through a tube after 16 days of hunger strike. ](/news/2006/07/24/saddam-hussein-69-the-deposed-former-iraqi-president-has-been-force-fed-in-a-baghdad-hospital-through-a-tube-after-16-days-of-hunger-str.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq, al-Qaeda_
8. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
9. [ The US's 9/11 Commission states that although meetings between al Qaeda representatives and Iraqi government officials had taken place, it has found "no credible evidence" of a "collaborative relationship" between Saddam Hussein's Iraq and al Qaeda in the 9/11 attacks or in any other strike against U.S. interests. It also finds that the original plan involved ten jets and that there was dispute within the terrorist network about its implementation until only shortly before September 11. ](/news/2004/06/16/the-us-s-9-11-commission-states-that-although-meetings-between-al-qaeda-representatives-and-iraqi-government-officials-had-taken-place-it.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, al-Qaeda_
10. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
