### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# 2015-16 Iraqi protests: Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-politics-idUSKCN0XS1BA)

### Related:

1. [ 2015-16 Iraqi protests: At least four are killed and 90 injured among protesters who stormed the Green Zone in Baghdad. ](/news/2016/05/21/2015-16-iraqi-protests-at-least-four-are-killed-and-90-injured-among-protesters-who-stormed-the-green-zone-in-baghdad.md) _Context: 2015-16 Iraqi protests, Baghdad, Green Zone_
2. [ 2015-16 Iraqi protests: Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/2015-16-iraqi-protests-iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad.md) _Context: 2015-16 Iraqi protests, Baghdad, Green Zone_
3. [ 2015-16 Iraqi protests: Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq-s parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/2015-16-iraqi-protests-iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-m.md) _Context: 2015-16 Iraqi protests, Baghdad, Green Zone_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
6. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shi'ite_
7. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
8. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. ](/news/2016/10/12/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-rejects-turkey-s-claim-that-turkish-forces-must-be-included-in-an-operation-to-retake.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
9. [July 2016 Baghdad bombings: Iraqi Interior Minister Mohammed Salem Al-Ghabban says he has submitted his resignation. Al-Ghabban cited a lack of "coordination among security systems" demonstrated by Sunday's bombings in Baghdad that killed over 200 people and injured at least 175 others. No report yet that Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has accepted this resignation. ](/news/2016/07/5/july-2016-baghdad-bombings-iraqi-interior-minister-mohammed-salem-al-ghabban-says-he-has-submitted-his-resignation-al-ghabban-cited-a-lack.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
10. [July 2016 Baghdad bombings: The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head reports the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/july-2016-baghdad-bombings-the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
