### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. 

A tanker with oil from eastern Libya returned with its cargo to the North African country after the United Nations blacklisted the shipment, amid an escalating struggle between the nation’s rival governments for control of its crude wealth.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-01/tanker-with-disputed-libyan-oil-returns-to-country-for-unloading)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/in.i15N3zKxk/v2/1200x716.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
2. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
3. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, United Nations_
4. [Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya-s-armed-brigades-a.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. ](/news/2016/11/3/the-united-nations-believes-that-at-least-239-migrants-drowned-in-shipwrecks-near-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
6. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
7. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, United Nations_
8. [Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. ](/news/2016/03/8/tunisia-s-army-and-security-forces-kill-another-five-suspected-terrorists-in-an-operation-near-the-libyan-border.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
9. [Clashes between local tribal forces and Sudanese fighters in Libya's southeastern Cyrenaica region around the town of Kufra leaves around 30 dead. ](/news/2016/02/5/clashes-between-local-tribal-forces-and-sudanese-fighters-in-libya-s-southeastern-cyrenaica-region-around-the-town-of-kufra-leaves-around-30.md) _Context: Eastern, Libya_
10. [Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that-would-bring-about-a.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
