### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material. All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line. 

Crews are expected to work through the night to clean hazardous material spilled after a CSX train derailed in Washington, D.C. Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3568169/CSX-train-derails-Washington-DC-possible-hazardous-leak.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/csx-train-cars-derail-in-ne-washington-hazardous-substance-leaking/2016/05/01/568ae3fc-0f97-11e6-8967-7ac733c56f12_story.html)
3. [WRC-TV](http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/CSX-Train-Derails-Hazardous-Material-Leaking-377725691.html)

### Related:

1. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
2. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea-United States relations. In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-united-states-relations-in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
3. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
4. [ The Health Information Trust Alliance, a nonprofit industry group, warns that hospitals in the United States must prepare for more ransomware attacks. A review late last year of some 30 mid-sized U.S. hospitals found 52 percent were infected with malicious software. This week, an attack on MedStar Health forced the largest healthcare provider in the Washington, D.C. area, to shut down much of its computer network. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-health-information-trust-alliance-a-nonprofit-industry-group-warns-that-hospitals-in-the-united-states-must-prepare-for-more-ransomwa.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
5. [2016 Chester, Pennsylvania train derailment. Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/2016-chester-pennsylvania-train-derailment-two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmett.md) _Context: Amtrak, United States_
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
7. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
8. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
9. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
10. [United States-Syria relations:. The United States expels all Syrian diplomats and closes the Syrian embassy in Washington D.C. ](/news/2014/03/18/united-states-syria-relations-the-united-states-expels-all-syrian-diplomats-and-closes-the-syrian-embassy-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
