### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

#  Iraqi Civil War: Two car bombs kill at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in Samawa, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. 

Two suicide car bombs claimed by Islamic State killed at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in the center of the southern Iraqi city of Samawa on Sunday, police and medics said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-blast-idUSKCN0XS0ZN)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-sold.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/iraqi-civil-war-two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ram.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Syrian Civil War: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/iraqi-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-sto.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War: Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing: A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
