### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# Philippine general election, 2016 Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://globalnation.inquirer.net/139123/joma-sison-duterte-victory-good-for-national-unity)

### Related:

1. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion; The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/07/4/cppanpaandf-rebellion-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-agrees-to-fight-drug-lords-after-its-legal-wing-bagong-alyansang-makabayan.md) _Context: CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion, Communist Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Communist Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-mayor-rodrigo-duterte-with-a-command.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he shot a fellow law student at San Beda College. The victim, Octavio Goco, who was also a Lex Talionis fraternity brother of Duterte, survived the assault.  Duerte was not allowed to participate in his graduation ceremony. ](/news/2016/04/21/philippine-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-shot-a-fellow-law-student-at-san-beda-college-the-victim-octavio-goco-who-was-a.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-aside-the-philippine-claim-on-the-spratly-islands-and-forge-better-economic-relation.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-government-s-military.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
