### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. 

After talks fail, governor announces Puerto Rico will not make nearly $370 million in bond payments due Monday


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/puerto-rico-to-default-on-370-million-debt-payments/)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-01/puerto-rico-will-default-on-government-development-bank-debt)

### Related:

1. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla, Governor of Puerto Rico, Puerto Rican government-debt crisis, Puerto Rico, defaults_
2. [Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla announces he declared a state of emergency at the Commonwealth's Government Development Bank yesterday, which allows withdrawals only to fund necessary costs for health, public safety, and education services. Without this measure and debt restructuring, the United States territory would be forced to default as it faces nearly $2.5 billion in bond payments from May through July. ](/news/2016/04/9/puerto-rican-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-announces-he-adeclared-a-state-of-emergency-at-the-commonwealth-s-government-development-ba.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla, Governor of Puerto Rico_
3. [Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla indicates Puerto Rico will default on bonds issued by the island's Infrastructure Financing Authority and Public Finance Corporation. ](/news/2015/12/30/governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-indicates-puerto-rico-will-default-on-bonds-issued-by-the-islandas-infrastructure-financing-authority-a.md) _Context: Alejandro Garcia Padilla, Puerto Rico_
4. [Puerto Rico fails to make a scheduled payment of US$58 million to service its debts of $72 billion. Moody's considers the commonwealth in default. ](/news/2015/08/3/puerto-rico-fails-to-make-a-scheduled-payment-of-us-58-million-to-service-its-debts-of-72-billion-moody-s-considers-the-commonwealth-in-de.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, defaults_
5. [The Governor of Puerto Rico, Alejandro Garca Padilla, says that Puerto Rico's debts are "not payable". ](/news/2015/06/28/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcia-padilla-says-that-puerto-rico-s-debts-are-not-payable.md) _Context: Governor of Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico_
6. [ Luis Fortuno is sworn in as Governor of Puerto Rico. ](/news/2009/01/2/luis-fortua-o-is-sworn-in-as-governor-of-puerto-rico.md) _Context: Governor of Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico_
7. [ Puerto Rican Governor Anbal Salvador Acevedo Vil and twelve others are charged with electoral fraud. ](/news/2008/03/27/puerto-rican-governor-anibal-salvador-acevedo-vila-and-twelve-others-are-charged-with-electoral-fraud.md) _Context: Governor of Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico_
8. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
