### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the  northern Caribbean country after  Cuba,  April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. 

MIAMI (AP) — Passengers set sail Sunday from Miami on an historic cruise to Cuba, the first in decades to depart from a U.S. seaport for the communist island nation. Carnival Corp.&#039;s 704-passenger Adonia left port at 4:24…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3ed10aa61a894712ab1bd9f15e4f2cc9/after-half-century-wait-us-cruise-leaves-miami-cuba)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, Miami_
2. [Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and  allow  Cuban-Americans passengers. Current  Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if-cuba-does-not-waive-its-rule-a.md) _Context: Carnival Cruise Line's, Cuba, Havana_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, United States–Cuban Thaw_
4. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as ''JetBlue Flight 387'' lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. ''JetBlue Flight 387'' had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clar.md) _Context: Cuba, United States–Cuban Thaw_
5. [The first infection outside Miami in Florida is discovered in Pinellas County. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-first-infection-outside-miami-in-florida-is-discovered-in-pinellas-county.md) _Context: Florida, Miami_
6. [British rock band The Rolling Stones performs in Havana, Cuba, playing an open-air free concert in the country, in what has been called a "historic moment." Western music used to be banned in Cuba as being "ideologically divergent." ](/news/2016/03/26/british-rock-band-the-rolling-stones-performs-in-havana-cuba-playing-an-open-air-free-concert-in-the-country-in-what-has-been-called-a-h.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
7. [  Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. ](/news/2016/03/16/cuban-officials-announce-they-have-detected-the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-transmitted-inside-the-country-a-21-year-old-havana-woman-wh.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
8. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in   12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
9. [Pope Francis meets with Patriarch Kirill of Moscow in Havana, Cuba. It is the first time that the heads of the Roman Catholic Church and Russian Orthodox Church have ever met. ](/news/2016/02/12/pope-francis-meets-with-patriarch-kirill-of-moscow-in-havana-cuba-it-is-the-first-time-that-the-heads-of-the-roman-catholic-church-and-rus.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
10. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s.  By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. ](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana_
