### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# Turkey-ISIL conflict: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: 2016 Gaziantep bombing: A blast hits a police station in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep leaving one officer dead and 13 injured. 

A suicide bomber kills two policemen in south-eastern Turkey, in an attack officials blame on a suspected Islamic State militant.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36181138)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/05/01/europe/turkey-blast-police-gaziantep/index.html?eref=edition)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-blast-idUSKCN0XS0VJ)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-ISIL conflict: A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkey-isil-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziant.md) _Context: Gaziantep, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
2. [ Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]: Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
3. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish forces engage Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants along the Syrian border:: Turkish troops kill four Islamic State militants in Turkey's southeastern Gaziantep Province when two cars with ISIS passengers advanced on a Turkish armored vehicle near a border post in Oguzeli. ](/news/2015/11/14/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-forces-engage-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-militants-along.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-kill.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
5. [Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish Armed Forces claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict_
6. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
7. [Gaziantep bombing: A suicide bomber targets a Kurdish wedding celebration in the Turkish city of Gaziantep killing at least 22 people and wounding 94. ](/news/2016/08/20/gaziantep-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-kurdish-wedding-celebration-in-the-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-killing-at-least-22-people-and-wo.md) _Context: Gaziantep_
8. [Ataturk Airport attack: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/atata1-4rk-airport-attack-turkey-isil-conflict-suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister.md) _Context: Turkey-ISIL conflict_
9. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Jordan declares its borders with Syria and Iraq are to be closed military zones following yesterday's suicide bomb attack in Rukban, Mafraq Governorate, that killed six soldiers. ](/news/2016/06/22/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-jordan-declares-its-borders-with-syria-and-iraq-are-to-be-closed-military-zones-following-yesterday-s-sui.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
10. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
