### [2016-05-1](/news/2016/05/1/index.md)

# Two  missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. 

Battered bodies of the two men were found in bushes in separate areas in rural Jamaica


### Source:

1. [The Jamaica Observer](http://www.jamaicaobserver.com/news/Community-grieves-after-2-American-missionaries-found-dead-------_59587)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/02/americas/missionaries-killed-jamaica/)
3. [CBS News with AP](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/2-us-missionaries-found-dead-in-jamaica-police-say/)

### Related:

1. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This is the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/16/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1-2.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
2. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city.  ](/news/2016/06/15/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
3. [A court in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania finds that there is enough evidence to hold entertainer Bill Cosby on felony indecent assault charges in relation to the case of ''Andrea Constand v. William H. Cosby, Jr.''. ](/news/2016/05/24/a-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-finds-that-there-is-enough-evidence-to-hold-entertainer-bill-cosby-on-felony-indecent-assault-char.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
5. [Three people are shot (one critically) at three stores at the Edgewood Towne Center shopping plaza near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The victims were taken to UPMC Presbyterian Hospital while police searched the area. ](/news/2013/03/30/three-people-are-shot-one-critically-at-three-stores-at-the-edgewood-towne-center-shopping-plaza-near-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-united-sta.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
6. [Six people are wounded during a stabbing attack at a Target store in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. A 41-year-old homeless man was arrested. ](/news/2013/03/25/six-people-are-wounded-during-a-stabbing-attack-at-a-target-store-in-pittsburgh-pennsylvania-united-states-a-41-year-old-homeless-man-was.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
7. [A tour bus carrying the Seton Hill University women's lacrosse team veers off the Pennsylvania Turnpike and strikes a tree near Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States, killing the team's head coach, her unborn child, and the bus driver. ](/news/2013/03/16/a-tour-bus-carrying-the-seton-hill-university-women-s-lacrosse-team-veers-off-the-pennsylvania-turnpike-and-strikes-a-tree-near-carlisle-pe.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
8. [A woman kills two people and injures another at a shooting incident at a Kraft baking plant in the United States city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2010/09/9/a-woman-kills-two-people-and-injures-another-at-a-shooting-incident-at-a-kraft-baking-plant-in-the-united-states-city-of-philadelphia-penns.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, United States_
9. [Christopher Coke: Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". ](/news/2010/06/25/christopher-coke-pchristopher-coke-sent-to-united-states-territory-by-jamaica-pleads-not-guilty-to-united-states-charges-of-drug-smugglin.md) _Context: Jamaica, United States_
10. [Christopher Coke walks into a police station on the outskirts of Kingston, Jamaica and is detained, following search efforts which killed more than 70 people last month. The United States accuses him of being the Shower Posse leader, which it alleges operates an international drugs and guns network. ](/news/2010/06/22/christopher-coke-walks-into-a-police-station-on-the-outskirts-of-kingston-jamaica-and-is-detained-following-search-efforts-which-killed-mo.md) _Context: Jamaica, United States_
