### [2015-04-30](/news/2015/04/30/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015): Dozens of Houthi fighters are killed in clashes with Saudi Arabian forces on the border while air strikes hit the southern city of Aden. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/30/us-yemen-security-idUSKBN0NL0Q720150430)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led military intervention in Yemen (2015-present): Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-led-military-intervention-in-yemen-2015-present-roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: Aden, Houthi_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Aden, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Government forces and their allies, including troops from a Saudi Arabian-led coalition, capture the town of Sirwah, the last outpost of Houthi militants in the key Marib province. ](/news/2015/10/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-government-forces-and-their-allies-including-troops-from-a-saudi-arabian.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Fighting rages between Houthi militants and Hadi loyalists backed-by Saudi-led coalition forces along Yemen's Red Sea coast for control over the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Houthi officials say that their forces have destroyed six opposing tanks and killed multiple pro-Hadi fighters. Also, the UAE announces another of its soldiers has died during fighting in Ma'rib. ](/news/2015/10/5/yemeni-civil-war-2015-fighting-rages-between-houthi-militants-and-hadi-loyalists-backed-by-saudi-led-coalition-forces-along-yemen-s-red-s.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
