### [2011-03-20](/news/2011/03/20/index.md)

# Demonstrations against the treatment of Bradley Manning:A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. 

Campaigners from Wales travel to London to protest over the alleged treatment of a US army private accused of leaking confidential papers.


### Source:

1. [AP via WTKR](http://www.wtkr.com/news/sns-ap-dc--wikileaks-armyprivate-rally,0,1192790.story)
2. [CNN](http://articles.cnn.com/2011-03-19/us/wikileaks.ellsberg.manning_1_daniel-ellsberg-pentagon-papers-young-man?_s=PM:US)
3. [Inside NoVA](http://www2.insidenova.com/news/2011/mar/20/2/hundreds-rally-quantico-suspected-wikileaks-whistl-ar-916404/)
4. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-12800705)
5. [Washington Examiner](http://washingtonexaminer.com/blogs/capital-land/2011/03/protestors-arrested-defending-alleged-wiki-leaker)
6. [Wales Online](http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/2011/03/20/usa-treatment-of-wikileaks-suspect-bradley-manning-appalling-mp-ann-clwyd-91466-28368202/)
7. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/03/19/human-rights-activists-protest-abuse-bradley-manning_n_838006.html)
8. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hSSr7plWJ9p7GhIwVQVs_GxM1BHQ?docId=270cbb484a194ad0b99bdcaab1840338)
9. [Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/news/nation/about-30-arrested-at-rally-for-wikileaks-suspect-1.2772325)

### Related:

1. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London, U.S._
2. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: London, Wales_
3. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: London, U.S._
4. [Having spread across the United States, anti-corruption Occupy Wall Street protests reach Canada, London, and The Hague. ](/news/2011/10/9/having-spread-across-the-united-states-anti-corruption-occupy-wall-street-protests-reach-canada-london-and-the-hague.md) _Context: London, U.S._
5. [A supporter of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning sues the U.S. government after it confiscates his laptop without a warrant. ](/news/2011/05/14/a-supporter-of-imprisoned-welsh-born-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-sues-the-u-s-government-after-it-confiscates-his-laptop-without-a-warr.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
6. [It is reported that the United States has denied the United Nations access to imprisoned serviceman Bradley Manning whom the U.S. accuses of disclosing government information to the general public. ](/news/2011/05/1/it-is-reported-that-the-united-states-has-denied-the-united-nations-access-to-imprisoned-serviceman-bradley-manning-whom-the-u-s-accuses-of.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S._
7. [A British government diplomat calls the United States Department of State to draw "attention to our concerns over Bradley Manning", the Welsh-born U.S. serviceman imprisoned by the U.S. military in solitary confinement and forced to sleep naked, conditions condemned by Amnesty International, the American Civil Liberties Union and British MPs among others. ](/news/2011/04/7/a-british-government-diplomat-calls-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-draw-attention-to-our-concerns-over-bradley-manning-the-wels.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
8. [Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning, imprisoned by the United States on charges of disclosing government information to the general public, is found competent to stand trial by a "panel of experts", despite having earlier been thought of as a "suicide risk" and having his clothes removed. ](/news/2011/04/30/army-intelligence-analyst-bradley-manning-imprisoned-by-the-united-states-on-charges-of-disclosing-government-information-to-the-general-pu.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, U.S._
9. [Daniel Ellsberg, the man who released the Pentagon Papers, says U.S. president Barack Obama has "given a virtual directed verdict" of guilty in the case of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/27/daniel-ellsberg-the-man-who-released-the-pentagon-papers-says-u-s-president-barack-obama-has-given-a-virtual-directed-verdict-of-guilty.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
10. [U.S. president Barack Obama is criticised by supporters of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for interfering in any  future trial after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-is-criticised-by-supporters-of-imprisoned-welsh-born-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-interfering-in-any-fut.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
