### [2011-03-20](/news/2011/03/20/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Palestinian militants fire a Grad-type rocket from Gaza into southern Ashkelon, Israel; two residents are taken to a clinic for medical treatment. 

Rocket alert system rings out across Ashkelon as rocket from Gaza slams into southern part of the city; no physical injuries or damages reported.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gZwbaZ6aGLzfxezELs78jLw6d4Sg?docId=CNG.58e763c4f9e27c86cf73881d881278bb.8d1)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12799772)
3. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/170852.html)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=213034)
5. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4045126,00.html)

### Related:

1. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Israel, Palestinian militants_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on the Gaza Strip following a BM-21 Grad missile strike by the Aza Din al-Kassem Gazan militant group on the Israeli town of Ashkelon. A Hamas rocket maker is killed and 13 other people are injured. ](/news/2010/07/30/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-following-a-bm-21-grad-missile-strike-by-the-aza-din-al-kassem-gazan-mi.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Grad rocket, Israel_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. ](/news/2010/04/1/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-after-palestinians-fire-a-qassam-rocket-that-explodes-in-an-open-area-of-the-city-of-ashkelon-israeli-pla.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-approve-another-11-000-in-the-comin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertisements-on-their-buses-following-c.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [The Israeli Supreme Court questions the demolition of convicted terrorists' homes by the Israeli government after claims that the practice is used against Palestinians and not Israelis. The government has 30 days to respond before the court makes a decision on the practice. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-israeli-supreme-court-questions-the-demolition-of-convicted-terrorists-homes-by-the-israeli-government-after-claims-that-the-practice-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
