### [2004-07-9](/news/2004/07/9/index.md)

#  In its advisory opinion asked for by the United Nations General Assembly the International Court of Justice states that the Israeli West Bank barrier is illegal and calls for the General Assembly and the Security Council to remedy the situation. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3881799.stm)
2. [NZZ](http://nzz.ch/2004/07/09/english/page-synd5077101.html)
3. [New Straits Times](http://www.emedia.com.my/Current_News/NST/AfpNews/040709170042.2lm5hf5l.txt/indexb_html)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations General Assembly passes a [http://ods-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/LTD/N03/638/96/PDF/N0363896.pdf?OpenElement resolution] demanding that Israel obey the International Court of Justice ruling that the West Bank barrier should be dismantled. Israel condemns the resolution and announces that it will not stop building the barrier.](/news/2004/07/21/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-http-ods-dds-ny-un-org-doc-undoc-ltd-n03-638-96-pdf-n0363896-pdf-openelement-resolution-de.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, United Nations General Assembly, barrier_
2. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, United Nations General Assembly_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer violations to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
5. [At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. ](/news/2011/06/21/at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-in-new-york-city-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-wins-a-second-five-year-term-by.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ In his speech to the United Nations General Assembly, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad reiterates his assertion that his county's nuclear program has been "peaceful and transparent" and criticizes the "illegal" UN sanctions imposed by "arrogant" members of the Security Council. ](/news/2007/09/25/in-his-speech-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-reiterates-his-assertion-that-his-county-s-nucl.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
8. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
9. [ The Supreme court of Israel rejects the opinion of International Court of Justice for the removal of Israeli West Bank barrier, but calls on part of the wall to be re-routed so as not to encroach on Palestinian lands. The world court had called the barrier illegal and ordered the wall be torn down. ](/news/2005/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-israel-rejects-the-opinion-of-international-court-of-justice-for-the-removal-of-israeli-west-bank-barrier-but-calls-o.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
10. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a resolution condemning the International Court of Justice ruling on the Israeli West Bank barrier. ](/news/2004/07/15/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-resolution-condemning-the-international-court-of-justice-ruling-on-the-israeli-west-ban.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
