### [2011-11-19](/news/2011/11/19/index.md)

# At least two people are killed and over 600 injured in violent clashes with police in Cairo's Tahrir Square, following mass protests against Egypt's post-revolutionary military leadership. 

Clashes erupt between Egyptian security forces and protesters in Cairo and Alexandria, killing two and injuring hundreds.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://blogs.aljazeera.com/liveblog/egypt-nov-20-2011-0001)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-15807441)

### Related:

1. [Arab Spring:. post-Mubarak Egypt:. Tens of thousands of people converge on Cairo's Tahrir Square to demonstrate against Egypt's military rulers, who have seized power following the ousting from power of Hosni Mubarak in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/19/arab-spring-post-mubarak-egypt-tens-of-thousands-of-people-converge-on-cairo-s-tahrir-square-to-demonstrate-against-egypt-s-military-rul.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Cairo, Egypt, Tahrir Square_
2. [2012-2013 Egyptian protests:. Massive protests against Mohamed Morsi develop all over Egypt on the second anniversary of the 2011 revolution, including in Tahrir Square, where thousands of protesters gathered. At least 6 civilians and 1 police officer are shot dead in the Egyptian city of Suez, while 456 others are injured nationwide. ](/news/2013/01/25/2012-2013-egyptian-protests-massive-protests-against-mohamed-morsi-develop-all-over-egypt-on-the-second-anniversary-of-the-2011-revoluti.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egypt, Tahrir Square_
3. [Egypt's top judges accuse President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi of staging an "unprecedented attack" on the judiciary, after he passes a decree granting himself extensive new powers. Critics and supporters have staged rallies. Crowds gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, vowing to stage a sit-in protest. ](/news/2012/11/24/egypt-s-top-judges-accuse-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-of-staging-an-unprecedented-attack-on-the-judiciary-after-he-passes-a-decree-g.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Tahrir Square_
4. [2011-2012 Egyptian revolution: Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi, lifts Egypt's state of emergency a day before the anniversary of the revolution. ](/news/2012/01/24/2011-2012-egyptian-revolution-chairman-of-the-supreme-council-of-the-armed-forces-field-marshal-mohamed-hussein-tantawi-lifts-egypt-s-s.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egypt, governing body_
5. [2011 Egyptian revolution: Activists gather in the Egyptian capital Cairo, calling for the end of the post-Hosni Mubarak military regime. ](/news/2011/12/23/2011-egyptian-revolution-activists-gather-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-calling-for-the-end-of-the-post-hosni-mubarak-military-regime.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Cairo, Egypt_
6. [Egypt protests: Violent anti-regime protests enter their fifth day in Cairo's Tahrir Square, with 35 people killed and over 3,200 injured to date in clashes between protesters and security forces. ](/news/2011/11/23/egypt-protests-violent-anti-regime-protests-enter-their-fifth-day-in-cairo-s-tahrir-square-with-35-people-killed-and-over-3-200-injured-to.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Cairo, Tahrir Square_
7. [2011 Egyptian revolution:. At least 11 people are killed in ongoing clashes between Egyptian protesters and security forces in Cairo's Tahrir Square. ](/news/2011/11/21/2011-egyptian-revolution-at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-between-egyptian-protesters-and-security-forces-in-cairo-s-tahri.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Cairo, Tahrir Square_
8. [At least 13 people are killed and as many as 900 injured as violent protests continue in Cairo's Tahrir Square against Egypt's ruling military government. Security forces attempt to disperse the crowds with tear gas and baton charges. ](/news/2011/11/20/at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-as-many-as-900-injured-as-violent-protests-continue-in-cairo-s-tahrir-square-against-egypt-s-ruling-milita.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Tahrir Square_
9. [A large protest with as many as a million people participating is planned for the Egyptian capital Cairo over perceived lack of progress since the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2011/07/8/a-large-protest-with-as-many-as-a-million-people-participating-is-planned-for-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-over-perceived-lack-of-progress-sin.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Cairo, Egypt_
10. [Arab Spring. 2011 Egyptian revolution: Protesters heckle Tareq al-Mahdi of the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces as he attempted to address crowds in Tahrir Square. ](/news/2011/07/16/arab-spring-2011-egyptian-revolution-protesters-heckle-tareq-al-mahdi-of-the-ruling-supreme-council-of-the-armed-forces-as-he-attempted-to.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Tahrir Square, governing body_
