### [2011-11-19](/news/2011/11/19/index.md)

# English Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC seeks leave to prosecute Sky News for contempt of court over its reporting of the 2009 kidnapping of Paul and Rachel Chandler, after the news channel allegedly breached an injunction preventing the disclosure of the couple's welfare. 

The Attorney General is seeking leave to bring contempt proceedings against Sky News over the kidnap of British couple Paul and Rachel Chandler.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-15801828)

### Related:

1. [Both ''The Sun'' and ''Daily Mirror'' tabloid newspapers are accused of being in contempt of court for publishing articles about the arrest of Christopher Jefferies in relation to the murder of Joanna Yeates; Jefferies was later released without charge. British Attorney General Dominic Grieve is seeking to bring charges against the newspapers. Judges will make a decision on the case at a later date.](/news/2011/07/5/both-the-sun-and-daily-mirror-tabloid-newspapers-are-accused-of-being-in-contempt-of-court-for-publishing-articles-about-the-arrest.md) _Context: Dominic Grieve, contempt of court_
2. [Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva, who has two Olympic gold medals and 30 world records, told Sky News she is going to fight for what she believes to be her right to compete at the 2016 Olympics. She calls on the IAAF, at the world governing track and field organization's annual meeting on 26 November,  to rescind their ban on clean Russian athletes.  ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-pole-vaulter-yelena-isinbayeva-who-has-two-olympic-gold-medals-and-30-world-records-told-sky-news-she-is-going-to-fight-for-what-s.md) _Context: Sky News_
3. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the county clerk of Rowan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky, is released from jail on contempt of court charges but she may not interfere with her deputy clerks issuing marriage certificates to same sex couples. ](/news/2015/09/8/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-county-clerk-of-rowan-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-kentucky-is-released-from-jail-on-contempt-of-court-ch.md) _Context: contempt of court_
4. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the  Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-r.md) _Context: contempt of court_
5. [The BBC appoints the heads of two separate inquiries into the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed Jimmy Savile. Former High Court judge Dame Janet Smith will review the culture and practices of the BBC during the time Savile worked there, while Nick Pollard, a former Sky News executive will look at why a ''Newsnight'' investigation into Savile's activities was dropped shortly before transmission. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-bbc-appoints-the-heads-of-two-separate-inquiries-into-the-sexual-abuse-scandal-that-has-engulfed-jimmy-savile-former-high-court-judge-d.md) _Context: Sky News_
6. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan disqualifies prime minister Yousaf Raza Gillani from holding office after Gillani was found guilty in a contempt-of-court case on April 26. ](/news/2012/06/19/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-disqualifies-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-from-holding-office-after-gillani-was-found-guilty-in-a-contem.md) _Context: contempt of court_
7. [Sky News admits illegally hacking emails belonging to members of the public on two separate occasions. ](/news/2012/04/5/sky-news-admits-illegally-hacking-emails-belonging-to-members-of-the-public-on-two-separate-occasions.md) _Context: Sky News_
8. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan finds Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani guilty of contempt of court but he is given only a token sentence of imprisonment lasting less than a minute. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-finds-prime-minister-syed-yousaf-raza-gillani-guilty-of-contempt-of-court-but-he-is-given-only-a-token-sentenc.md) _Context: contempt of court_
9. [Sky News email hacking:The British broadcasting regulator Ofcom launches an investigation into the hacking of private email accounts by Sky News. ](/news/2012/04/23/sky-news-email-hacking-pthe-british-broadcasting-regulator-ofcom-launches-an-investigation-into-the-hacking-of-private-email-accounts-by-sky.md) _Context: Sky News_
10. [Paul McBride QC, Scotland's most senior lawyer, is found dead in a hotel room while on a visit to Pakistan. ](/news/2012/03/4/paul-mcbride-qc-scotland-s-most-senior-lawyer-is-found-dead-in-a-hotel-room-while-on-a-visit-to-pakistan.md) _Context: QC_
