### [2011-11-19](/news/2011/11/19/index.md)

# Tajikistan hints that it may release a Russian pilot detained on charges of smuggling, after Russia deports hundreds of Tajik migrant workers. 

Tajikistan has suggested it could free a Russian pilot sentenced to eight and a half years in jail after an extraordinary backlash from Moscow threatened to ruin the Central Asian country&#039;s entire economy.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/tajikistan-says-it-may-release-russian-pilot-6264624.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan agree to step up the fight against terrorism and narcotics in a summit in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. ](/news/2010/08/18/russia-afghanistan-tajikistan-and-pakistan-agree-to-step-up-the-fight-against-terrorism-and-narcotics-in-a-summit-in-the-russian-black-sea.md) _Context: Russia, Tajikistan_
2. [ Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan agree to form a rapid reaction force based in the Federation. ](/news/2009/02/5/russia-belarus-armenia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan-tajikistan-and-uzbekistan-agree-to-form-a-rapid-reaction-force-based-in-the-federation.md) _Context: Russia, Tajikistan_
3. [ The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation of Central Asian countries comprising the People's Republic of China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan meets in the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek to discuss security issues. ](/news/2007/08/14/the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-of-central-asian-countries-comprising-the-people-s-republic-of-china-russia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Russia, Tajikistan_
4. [ A Russian far right group calling itself "National Socialism/White Power" publishes a video on the Internet showing the execution of two men, one from Tajikistan and the other one from Dagestan. Russian authorities investigate the video. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-russian-far-right-group-calling-itself-national-socialism-white-power-publishes-a-video-on-the-internet-showing-the-execution-of-two-me.md) _Context: Russia, Tajikistan_
5. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Authorities detain hundreds of people, including Alexei Navalny, at anti-corruption protests across Russia. ](/news/2017/03/26/authorities-detain-hundreds-of-people-including-alexei-navalny-at-anti-corruption-protests-across-russia.md) _Context: Russia_
