### [2006-02-28](/news/2006/02/28/index.md)

#  Al Askari Mosque bombing: Sixty-eight people have been killed so far today in Baghdad, Iraq. Car bombs and mortar barrages rocked Baghdad streets, as news pundits speculate about the possibility of Iraq becoming embroiled in a full-fledged civil war. 

A series of attacks rocked Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least 68 and wounding scores as Iraq teetered on the brink of sectarian civil war. President Bush said Iraqis must choose between &#8220;chaos or unity.&#8221;


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/11491483/)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/02/27/AR2006022701128_pf.html)

### Related:

1. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: The International Crisis Group releases a report cautioning the international community to plan for the contingency of a civil war in Iraq.  At least 250 people have died in violence resulting from the Al Askari Mosque bombing.  ](/news/2006/02/26/al-askari-mosque-bombing-the-international-crisis-group-releases-a-report-cautioning-the-international-community-to-plan-for-the-contingen.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Iraq, civil war_
2. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: In Iraq over 100 people are killed in violence following yesterday's bombing of the Al Askari Mosque: 47 factory workers are forced off buses and shot at Nahrawan, near Baghdad. About 50 bullet-riddled bodies are found in Baghdad overnight. Al-Arabiya TV reporter Atwar Bahjat and her two crew are killed in Samarra. At least 11 people are abducted from jail in Basra by gunmen dressed as police, and shot. One person is killed in a Sunni mosque in  Baquba, where a bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol also kills 12 people. ](/news/2006/02/23/al-askari-mosque-bombing-in-iraq-over-100-people-are-killed-in-violence-following-yesterday-s-bombing-of-the-al-askari-mosque-p-47-factory.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Baghdad, Iraq_
3. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
4. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
5. [  Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
6. [   At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
7. [   At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
8. [A twin suicide bombing attack at a police station in Baghdad kills five people. Yesterday 93 people had been killed and 165 injured in the deadliest day of attacks in Iraq this year. ](/news/2016/05/12/a-twin-suicide-bombing-attack-at-a-police-station-in-baghdad-kills-five-people-yesterday-93-people-had-been-killed-and-165-injured-in-the-d.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [  Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
