### [2011-10-3](/news/2011/10/3/index.md)

# A mosque in the Israeli village of Tuba-Zangaria is torched. 

Police fear spike in ethnic tensions during Yom Kippur; police commissioner boosts patrols around mosques, other holy places throughout Israel in an effort to assure Arab community that police do not take such incidents lightly.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/police-brace-for-israeli-arab-revenge-attacks-following-mosque-torching-1.387966)

### Related:

1. [Operation Pillar of Defense:An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-pan-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlies.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
2. [Israel police  fire tear gas and rubber bullets at residents trying to halt demolition of an illegal mosque in the southern Bedouin city of Rahat. ](/news/2010/11/7/israel-police-fire-tear-gas-and-rubber-bullets-at-residents-trying-to-halt-demolition-of-an-illegal-mosque-in-the-southern-bedouin-city-of.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
3. [ An Israeli airstrike on the mosque in the Gaza Strip village of Beit Lahia kills at least 13 people. ](/news/2009/01/3/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-mosque-in-the-gaza-strip-village-of-beit-lahia-kills-at-least-13-people.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
4. [ Two women have been killed as Israeli troops opened fire on a crowd of women gathered to help besieged gunmen flee a mosque in Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza. ](/news/2006/11/4/two-women-have-been-killed-as-israeli-troops-opened-fire-on-a-crowd-of-women-gathered-to-help-besieged-gunmen-flee-a-mosque-in-beit-hanoun.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel arrests Hamas leader Sheikh Hassan Yousef on his return home after he illegally makes his way from Ramallah to the Al-Aqsa Mosque to deliver a sermon. ](/news/2005/04/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-arrests-hamas-leader-sheikh-hassan-yousef-on-his-return-home-after-he-illegally-makes-his-way-from-ra.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
6. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
