### [2013-12-28](/news/2013/12/28/index.md)

# A 5.8-magnitude earthquake strikes in the Mediterranean Sea, 50 miles (80 kilometers) south southwest of Avsallar, Turkey. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/12/28/world/europe/turkey-earthquake/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)
2. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/usc000ltax#summary)

### Related:

1. [2017 Aegean Sea earthquake. A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/2017-aegean-sea-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-o.md) _Context: Turkey, earthquake_
2. [The University of Sydney's Australian Archaeological Mission, excavating at a UNESCO World Heritage Site on the southwest coast of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus, discover Cyprus's oldest theatre. Located in the ancient city of Nea Paphos (capital of Cyprus at the time), it is a Hellenistic-Roman structure believed to have been in use for about six and a half centuries, from c. 300 B.C. until its final destruction in the earthquakes of A.D. 365. The Roman columns are made of granite from quarries in Troad, Turkey. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-university-of-sydney-s-australian-archaeological-mission-excavating-at-a-unesco-world-heritage-site-on-the-southwest-coast-of-the-medit.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
3. [European migrant crisis. Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
4. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):. The Syrian military shoots down a Turkish F-4 Phantom fighter jet after it had entered Syrian airpsace over the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2012/06/22/syrian-uprising-2011-present-the-syrian-military-shoots-down-a-turkish-f-4-phantom-fighter-jet-after-it-had-entered-syrian-airpsace-over.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
5. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
6. [A 6.0 magnitude earthquake strikes near the Aegean Sea resort of Oludeniz in southern Turkey, resulting in dozens of injuries especially in the city of Fethiye. ](/news/2012/06/10/a-6-0-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-near-the-aegean-sea-resort-of-ala1-4deniz-in-southern-turkey-resulting-in-dozens-of-injuries-especially-i.md) _Context: Turkey, earthquake_
7. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake hits Van, Turkey, leading to the collapse of numerous buildings. The tremor comes in the wake of last month's destructive 7.1 magnitude earthquake. ](/news/2011/11/9/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-hits-van-turkey-leading-to-the-collapse-of-numerous-buildings-the-tremor-comes-in-the-wake-of-last-month-s-des.md) _Context: Turkey, earthquake_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea, Turkey_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [Earthquakes in 2017. A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: earthquake_
