### [2009-07-3](/news/2009/07/3/index.md)

#  Russia opens a route for the United States to fly arms to Afghanistan. [http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/04/world/europe/04russia.html?hp ("The New York Times") ]




### Related:

1. [Russian and American forces conduct their first joint anti-narcotics operation in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/10/29/russian-and-american-forces-conduct-their-first-joint-anti-narcotics-operation-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Russia, United States_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev agree on cutting their nuclear warheads and cooperate on military action in Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/07/6/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-agree-on-cutting-their-nuclear-warheads-and-cooperate-on-militar.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Russia, United States_
3. [ Russia's government will allow the U.S. Armed Forces to ship nonlethal equipment to Afghanistan through Russian territory. ](/news/2009/02/6/russia-s-government-will-allow-the-u-s-armed-forces-to-ship-nonlethal-equipment-to-afghanistan-through-russian-territory.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Russia, United States_
4. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
6. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
7. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States_
9. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Russia_
10. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
