### [2012-10-25](/news/2012/10/25/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister and Likud chairman Benjamin Netanyahu and the Israeli Foreign Minister and Yisrael Beiteinu chairman Avigdor Lieberman announce the unification of their two parties which will run as a single bloc for the upcoming election to be held in January 2013; the joint party will be called "Likud Beiteinu" ("The Likud Is Our Home") and Netanyahu will be number 1 on the list, followed by Liberman who will be number 2 on the list. 

PM cites Iran, rising cost of living among challenges to be faced &#8216;with strength&#8217; after elections


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20090316)
2. [The Jewish Press](http://www.jewishpress.com/news/breaking-news/likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-join-forces/2012/10/25/)
3. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/netanyahu-announces-merger-with-israel-beytenu-promises-to-lead-with-strength/)
3. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2012/10/F121025MA31.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Avigdor Lieberman, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Yisrael Beiteinu_
2. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
3. [The Elections for the 19th Knesset are held in Israel. The incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's electoral alliance, Likud Yisrael Beiteinu, wins a plurality with 31 seats. ](/news/2013/01/22/the-elections-for-the-19th-knesset-are-held-in-israel-the-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-electoral-alliance-likud-yisrael-b.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Elections for the 19th Knesset, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu comfortably wins a leadership election for the Likud Party defeating Moshe Feiglin. ](/news/2012/01/31/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-comfortably-wins-a-leadership-election-for-the-likud-party-defeating-moshe-feiglin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
5. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
6. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Likud_
7. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-no.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
