### [2012-10-25](/news/2012/10/25/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: The Syrian government announces via its state media that it will suspend military operations from Friday to Monday, during this year's Muslim Eid al-Adha holiday, as part of a ceasefire proposal by U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/10/25/world/meast/syria-civil-war/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: The UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi states in Cairo that the Syrian government has agreed to a ceasefire during the four-day Muslim holiday, Eid al-Adha. ](/news/2012/10/24/syrian-civil-war-the-un-peace-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-states-in-cairo-that-the-syrian-government-has-agreed-to-a-ceasefire-during-the-four-da.md) _Context: Eid al-Adha, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war: UN and Arab League special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi meets with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Damascus in an attempt to push for a temporary ceasefire during next week's Eid al-Adha holiday. ](/news/2012/10/20/syrian-civil-war-un-and-arab-league-special-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-meets-with-syrian-foreign-minister-walid-muallem-in-damascus-in-an-attemp.md) _Context: Eid al-Adha, Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war:Fighting in Syria continues as the ceasefire agreement mediated by U.N. special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi to occur during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha begins. ](/news/2012/10/26/syrian-civil-war-pfighting-in-syria-continues-as-the-ceasefire-agreement-mediated-by-u-n-special-envoy-lakhdar-brahimi-to-occur-during-the.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war:A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh (''Sabina'') kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-pa-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Lakhdar Brahimi, the U.N. and Arab League special envoy for the Syrian civil war, arrives in Damascus; fighting goes on in the east of the capital. ](/news/2012/09/13/lakhdar-brahimi-the-u-n-and-arab-league-special-envoy-for-the-syrian-civil-war-arrives-in-damascus-fighting-goes-on-in-the-east-of-the-c.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war: At least 19 people are killed across Syria in ongoing violence on Eid-ul-Fitr holiday. President Assad makes a public appearance, praying in Damascus. Lakhdar Brahimi accepts to become the new UN envoy. ](/news/2012/08/19/syrian-civil-war-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-in-ongoing-violence-on-eid-ul-fitr-holiday-president-assad-makes-a-public-appe.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:Fighting continues in major cities as Lakhdar Brahimi is named as the new United Nations envoy for Syria. ](/news/2012/08/17/syrian-civil-war-pfighting-continues-in-major-cities-as-lakhdar-brahimi-is-named-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-for-syria.md) _Context: Lakhdar Brahimi, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town  was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
