### [2016-09-3](/news/2016/09/3/index.md)

# Around 180 million people are claimed to be striking in India against Prime Minister Narendra Modi's economic privatization plans. The strike is allegedly the largest in human history. 

Thousands of state-run banks, government offices and factories shut as workers rally against Modi&#39;s economic policies.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/09/millions-indian-workers-strike-wages-160902131706206.html)

### Related:

1. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin sign several agreements including a $12.9 billion defense and energy deal. Russian state oil major Rosneft pays  for a controlling stake in both India's Essar Oil and port facilities that it already owns. ](/news/2016/10/15/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-sign-several-agreements-including-a-12-9-billion-defense-and-energ.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
2. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
3. [Nayantara Sahgal, is one of the latest authors in India who will return that nation's highest award from the National Academy of Letters in protest against what Salman Rushdie has characterized as "thuggish violence" creeping into Indian life under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ](/news/2015/10/17/nayantara-sahgal-is-one-of-the-latest-authors-in-india-who-will-return-that-nationas-highest-award-from-the-national-academy-of-letters-i.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
4. [150 million workers go on strike in India to oppose Prime Minister Narendra Modi's labour market reforms. ](/news/2015/09/2/150-million-workers-go-on-strike-in-india-to-oppose-prime-minister-narendra-modi-s-labour-market-reforms.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
5. [A special Gujarat state court charges 32 people with murder, including Maya Kodnani, later a minister in the Narendra Modi government, for their parts in the riots that led to the killing of 95 people in the Patia neighborhood of Naroda, India. ](/news/2012/08/29/a-special-gujarat-state-court-charges-32-people-with-murder-including-maya-kodnani-later-a-minister-in-the-narendra-modi-government-for-t.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
6. [Narendra Modi, the Chief Minister of the Indian state of Gujarat, orders an inquiry into the death of six people at a stampede at the Bhavnath Hindu temple in the Junagadh district over the weekend. ](/news/2012/02/20/narendra-modi-the-chief-minister-of-the-indian-state-of-gujarat-orders-an-inquiry-into-the-death-of-six-people-at-a-stampede-at-the-bhavna.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
