### [2007-04-26](/news/2007/04/26/index.md)

#  North Korea and Myanmar restore diplomatic relations after a break of more than 20 years. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6594445.stm)

### Related:

1. [Coca-Cola returns to Myanmar after 60 years, leaving North Korea and Cuba as the only two countries in the world where the company does not do business. ](/news/2012/06/16/coca-cola-returns-to-myanmar-after-60-years-leaving-north-korea-and-cuba-as-the-only-two-countries-in-the-world-where-the-company-does-not.md) _Context: Myanmar, North Korea_
2. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, commences the first official visit by a South Korean leader to Myanmar since 1983, when North Korean commandos attempted to assassinate the then-President, Chun Doo-hwan, in a bomb attack. ](/news/2012/05/14/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-commences-the-first-official-visit-by-a-south-korean-leader-to-myanmar-since-1983-when-north-k.md) _Context: Myanmar, North Korea_
3. [Crime in North Korea: North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
4. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [2017 North Korea crisis: The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-easte.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [2017 North Korea crisis: The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
