### [2007-04-26](/news/2007/04/26/index.md)

#  The Senate of the United States approves a funding measure for the War in Iraq calling for the staged withdrawal of forces. U.S. President George W. Bush responded by stating that his reaction to the bill will be to veto it. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=awPrzGsSCpp0)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. ](/news/2007/05/1/iraq-war-p-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-his-mission-accomplished-speech-president-george-w-bush-citing-the-provisions-setting-a-deadli.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President, War in Iraq, veto_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President, veto_
3. [ War in Iraq: U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/war-in-iraq-p-u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President, War in Iraq_
4. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
5. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
6. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
7. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
9. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
10. [ U.S. President Barack Obama lifts George W. Bush's restrictions on embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2009/03/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-lifts-george-w-bush-s-restrictions-on-embryonic-stem-cell-research.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
