### [2012-06-27](/news/2012/06/27/index.md)

# Uruguay aims to become the world's first country to oversee and administer the nation's cannabis market. 

Uruguay&#39;s government unveiled a proposal to legalize and monitor the marijuana market, arguing that the drug is less harmful than the black market where it is trafficked.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/47910997/ns/world_news-americas/#.T-sz00vUx24)

### Related:

1. [Authorities cannot contact the South Korean cargo freighter "Stellar Daisy". It is believed that the ship sunk off the coast of Uruguay. ](/news/2017/04/1/authorities-cannot-contact-the-south-korean-cargo-freighter-stellar-daisy-it-is-believed-that-the-ship-sunk-off-the-coast-of-uruguay.md) _Context: Uruguay_
2. [Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marijuana-in-public-place.md) _Context: marijuana_
3. [Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring-of-2017.md) _Context: marijuana_
4. [Violent storms cause floods across Uruguay with seven people killed and more than 2,000 left homeless. Four of those were killed by a tornado that struck Dolores. Four million people in the Chilean capital of Santiago were left without tap water as heavy rains triggered landslides. This led to the fouling of the city's water supply. ](/news/2016/04/18/violent-storms-cause-floods-across-uruguay-with-seven-people-killed-and-more-than-2-000-left-homeless-four-of-those-were-killed-by-a-tornad.md) _Context: Uruguay_
5. [A tornado hits the Uruguayan town of Dolores resulting in at least four deaths and seven injuries. ](/news/2016/04/15/a-tornado-hits-the-uruguayan-town-of-dolores-resulting-in-at-least-four-deaths-and-seven-injuries.md) _Context: Uruguay_
6. [Uruguay's National Emergencies System reports two people have died in flooding from heavy rains in its northern provinces, and almost 5,500 have been evacuated. The Uruguay River has risen close to three meters over safe levels in Paysandu, and almost four meters (13 feet) in Salto. ](/news/2015/12/24/uruguay-s-national-emergencies-system-reports-two-people-have-died-in-flooding-from-heavy-rains-in-its-northern-provinces-and-almost-5-500.md) _Context: Uruguay_
7. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: marijuana_
8. [The Mexican Supreme Court, in a 4-1 decision, rules that people have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. The decision challenges the country's current substance abuse laws. "Fox News Latino" and "The New York Times" point out the ruling only covers the plaintiffs in one case, a group that wants to form a "Pot Club." A precedent will be established if the court approves five similar petitions. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-mexican-supreme-court-in-a-4-1-decision-rules-that-people-have-the-right-to-grow-and-distribute-marijuana-for-their-personal-use-the.md) _Context: marijuana_
9. [ Egypt, Senegal, Uruguay, Japan, and Ukraine are elected to two-year, non-permanent seats on the United Nations Security Council for 2016-17, replacing Chad, Chile, Jordan, Lithuania, and Nigeria. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/16/world/ukraine-and-japan-among-latest-members-of-un-security-council.html?ref=world (New York Times) ] ](/news/2015/10/15/egypt-senegal-uruguay-japan-and-ukraine-are-elected-to-two-year-non-permanent-seats-on-the-united-nations-security-council-for-2016-17.md) _Context: Uruguay_
10. [The Obama administration orders the transfer of six prisoners from Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Uruguay, the largest single group of detainees to be released in five years and the first to be resettled in South America. ](/news/2014/12/7/the-obama-administration-orders-the-transfer-of-six-prisoners-from-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-uruguay-the-largest-single-group-of-det.md) _Context: Uruguay_
