### [2005-03-8](/news/2005/03/8/index.md)

#  In Lebanon, almost one million people have flooded a Beirut square, in front of the United Nations building, in a rally showing their support for Syria, dwarfing previous anti-Syria demonstrations. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=561326)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4329201.stm)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/03/08/lebanon.syria/)
4. [Daily Star, Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=13265)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7844288)

### Related:

1. [Two people are killed in ongoing clashes in the Lebanese capital Beirut between supporters and opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/05/21/two-people-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syria_
2. [ Israeli jets bomb the PFLP-GC base in Naameh, Lebanon, a few miles outside Beirut, wounding two people, in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit Qiryat Shemona. Israeli warplanes then fly over southern Lebanon and the western Bekaa Valley in reconnaissance flights, drawing anti-aircraft fire from the Lebanese army. The PFLP-GC denies responsibility for the rockets that hit Kiryat Shmona. Major General Udi Adam has not ruled out targeting installations in Syria. ](/news/2005/12/28/israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syria_
3. [ Gebran Tueni, a prominent Lebanese anti-Syrian member of parliament and managing editor of the leading liberal An-Nahar newspaper, has been killed in a car bomb attack in Beirut. He had spent months in Paris because of security concerns, reportedly only returning to Lebanon on Sunday. Another An-Nahar journalist, the anti-Syrian writer Samir Kassir, was killed in a car bomb in June. ](/news/2005/12/12/gebran-tueni-a-prominent-lebanese-anti-syrian-member-of-parliament-and-managing-editor-of-the-leading-liberal-an-nahar-newspaper-has-been.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syria_
4. [ A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-united-nations-investigation-headed-by-detlev-mehlis-has-found-that-high-ranking-members-of-the-syrian-and-lebanese-governments-were-invo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, United Nations_
5. [ Massive protests take place in Beirut, Lebanon, against the Syrian presence there. With an estimated turnout of 800,000. ](/news/2005/03/14/massive-protests-take-place-in-beirut-lebanon-against-the-syrian-presence-there-with-an-estimated-turnout-of-800-000.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syria_
6. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon, Syria_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
8. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations_
10. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
