### [2010-06-3](/news/2010/06/3/index.md)

# President of Haiti Rene Preval, speaking in the Dominican Republic, calls on donors to deliver on their promises to give aid at a meeting in the United States in March following the 2010 Haiti earthquake as only Brazil has delivered its entire pledge of $55 million. 

President says donors must deliver on pledges of aid to quake-hit Caribbean nation.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/06/20106303139653393.html)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva tours Haiti to monitor the destruction caused by the recent earthquake and meets President Rene Preval. ](/news/2010/02/25/brazilian-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-tours-haiti-to-monitor-the-destruction-caused-by-the-recent-earthquake-and-meets-president-re.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Brazil, President of Haiti, Rene Preval_
2. [Judge Keyla Blanc, of Brazil's Special Tribunal for Fans and Major Events, orders Brazil police to question U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte over inconsistencies describing the armed robbery of himself and three other American Olympians. Gunnar Bentz and Jack Conger are later removed from a plane returning to the United States. ](/news/2016/08/17/judge-keyla-blanc-of-brazil-s-special-tribunal-for-fans-and-major-events-orders-brazil-police-to-question-u-s-swimmer-ryan-lochte-over-in.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
4. [Huanglongbing or citrus greening, a disease which has killed millions of citrus trees in Brazil and Florida, is discovered in a residential section of Los Angeles County, California, in the United States. ](/news/2012/03/30/huanglongbing-or-citrus-greening-a-disease-which-has-killed-millions-of-citrus-trees-in-brazil-and-florida-is-discovered-in-a-residential.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
5. [Brazil announces the continuation of a "currency war" with the European Union and the United States with the extension of a financial transaction tax on foreign borrowings. ](/news/2012/03/1/brazil-announces-the-continuation-of-a-currency-war-with-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-with-the-extension-of-a-financial-transa.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
6. [Police in Brazil seek to press charges for environmental crimes committed by the United States oil company Chevron and drilling firm Transocean in relation to last month's Campos Basin oil spill. ](/news/2011/12/22/police-in-brazil-seek-to-press-charges-for-environmental-crimes-committed-by-the-united-states-oil-company-chevron-and-drilling-firm-transoc.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
7. [The United States threatens Iran with its toughest nuclear sanctions yet, despite the nuclear fuel-swap arrangement Iran made with Brazil and Turkey in May. ](/news/2010/06/8/the-united-states-threatens-iran-with-its-toughest-nuclear-sanctions-yet-despite-the-nuclear-fuel-swap-arrangement-iran-made-with-brazil-an.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
8. [A private helicopter crashes in the Dominican Republic, killing two. The helicopter was returning from relief work for the 2010 Haiti earthquake. ](/news/2010/02/5/a-private-helicopter-crashes-in-the-dominican-republic-killing-two-the-helicopter-was-returning-from-relief-work-for-the-2010-haiti-earthq.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Dominican Republic_
9. [The United States suspends medical evacuations in the aftermath of the 2010 Haiti earthquake due to a dispute as to who should pay for treatment. ](/news/2010/01/30/the-united-states-suspends-medical-evacuations-in-the-aftermath-of-the-2010-haiti-earthquake-due-to-a-dispute-as-to-who-should-pay-for-treat.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, United States_
10. [Haiti acknowledges the immediate international assistance it received from Cuba, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela following the recent earthquake and confirms the death toll has reached 150,000. ](/news/2010/01/29/haiti-acknowledges-the-immediate-international-assistance-it-received-from-cuba-the-dominican-republic-and-venezuela-following-the-recent-e.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Dominican Republic_
