### [2007-03-28](/news/2007/03/28/index.md)

#  Arab and Middle East leaders meet in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to discuss reviving the Middle East peace process. 

Bush administration attempts to revive Arab-Israeli peace talks suffered a setback Wednesday as leaders at an Arab League summit here, including the heads of state of several U.S. allies, condemned...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-fg-arabs29mar29,0,7532362.story?coll=la-home-world)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Middle East, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country's ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia's military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terrorist-alliance-and-that-p.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
6. [A Middle Eastern coalition led by the Saudi Arabian army and Egyptian navy attacks positions in Yemen for the second successive day, resulting in at least ten deaths in Saada Governorate. Saudi Arabia declares that it will enforce a "no-fly zone". ](/news/2015/03/27/a-middle-eastern-coalition-led-by-the-saudi-arabian-army-and-egyptian-navy-attacks-positions-in-yemen-for-the-second-successive-day-resulti.md) _Context: Middle East, Saudi Arabia_
7. [Saudi Arabia's official news agency reports that a hand grenade explosion at the King Abdulaziz military academy in Riyadh kills one cadet and injures nine. ](/news/2012/10/16/saudi-arabiaas-official-news-agency-reports-that-a-hand-grenade-explosion-at-the-king-abdulaziz-military-academy-in-riyadh-kills-one-cadet.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
8. [UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navi Pillay calls for Saudi Arabia and Gulf states to lift restrictions on women and to improve the position of millions of foreign workers in the region. ](/news/2010/04/19/un-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-calls-for-saudi-arabia-and-gulf-states-to-lift-restrictions-on-women-and-to-improve-the-p.md) _Context: Middle East, Saudi Arabia_
9. [ Forty Pakistani Christians are arrested in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for practicing their religion in violation of a Saudi law forbidding the practice of any religion but Islam. ](/news/2005/04/24/forty-pakistani-christians-are-arrested-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-for-practicing-their-religion-in-violation-of-a-saudi-law-forbidding-the-pr.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
10. [ Saudi Arabia starts its first nationwide municipal elections. Voting is limited to men in Riyadh and voters elect only half of the municipal councils; the other half is appointed by the monarchy. Other regions are scheduled to hold elections next month. ](/news/2005/02/10/saudi-arabia-starts-its-first-nationwide-municipal-elections-voting-is-limited-to-men-in-riyadh-and-voters-elect-only-half-of-the-municipa.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
