### [2007-03-28](/news/2007/03/28/index.md)

#  The UK Ministry of Defence has published exact co-ordinates of the location of the Royal Navy personnel when they were seized by Iran. According to this data the soldiers were 1.7 nautical miles within Iraqi waters at the time of their capture. 




### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/middle_east/article1579646.ece)

### Related:

1. [ The United States rules out exchanging five Iranian officials seized in Irbil, Iraq, in January 2007 for the 15 Royal Navy sailors seized by Iran. ](/news/2007/03/31/the-united-states-rules-out-exchanging-five-iranian-officials-seized-in-irbil-iraq-in-january-2007-for-the-15-royal-navy-sailors-seized-b.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
2. [ The United Nations Security Council expresses "grave concern" over the capture of 15 Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines by Iran and calls for expedient release of the captives. ](/news/2007/03/29/the-united-nations-security-council-expresses-grave-concern-over-the-capture-of-15-royal-navy-sailors-and-royal-marines-by-iran-and-calls.md) _Context: Iran, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
3. [ UK says requests for access to 15 Royal Navy personnel held by Iran have been denied. ](/news/2007/03/25/uk-says-requests-for-access-to-15-royal-navy-personnel-held-by-iran-have-been-denied.md) _Context: Iran, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
4. [ 15 Royal Navy servicemen of the HMS "Cornwall" operating in Iraqi waters are seized by Iranian authorities after inspecting a ship suspected of smuggling. ](/news/2007/03/23/15-royal-navy-servicemen-of-the-hms-cornwall-operating-in-iraqi-waters-are-seized-by-iranian-authorities-after-inspecting-a-ship-suspecte.md) _Context: Iraq, Royal Navy, held captive by Iran_
5. [ Iran seizes three British Royal Navy patrol boats on the Shatt al-Arab waterway that divides Iran from Iraq. Their eight British crew members are detained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards. ](/news/2004/06/21/iran-seizes-three-british-royal-navy-patrol-boats-on-the-shatt-al-arab-waterway-that-divides-iran-from-iraq-their-eight-british-crew-membe.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Royal Navy_
6. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
7. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
8. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
9. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
10. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
