
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.json)  [XML](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.xml)  

### [2007-11-18](/news/2007/11/18/index.md)

##### Hina Jilani
#  Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007




### Changes:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:18 (First version)_
2. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-7100762.stm (BBC)]: United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7100322.stm (BBC)]: One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:18 (Update)_
2. [ Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-the-six-petitions-against-president-p.md) _Context: John Negroponte, Pervez Musharraf, U.S., US Deputy Secretary of State, president, state of emergency_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, U.S., president_
3. [Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf launches a new political party - the All Pakistan Muslim League - in London. ](/news/2010/10/1/former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-launches-a-new-political-party-the-all-pakistan-muslim-league-in-london.md) _Context: London, Pervez Musharraf, president_
4. [ The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.date=December 2007 Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.date=December 2007 President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. ](/news/2007/11/5/the-netherlands-suspends-aid-to-pakistan-following-the-imposition-of-emergency-rule-date-december-2007-several-demonstrating-lawyers-protes.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president, state of emergency_
5. [ United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte speaks with former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on the phone and tells her that "moderate forces" should work together to bring the country back to democracy. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-states-deputy-secretary-of-state-john-negroponte-speaks-with-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-on-the-phone-and-tells-her-that-m.md) _Context: John Negroponte, U.S., US Deputy Secretary of State_
