### [2006-05-29](/news/2006/05/29/index.md)

#  In the Italian municipal elections, centre-left incumbent mayors Walter Veltroni, Sergio Chiamparino and Rosa Russo Iervolino lead in Rome, Turin and Naples, respectively. In the regional election of Sicily, incumbent president Salvatore Cuffaro of the House of Freedoms leads over Rita Borsellino. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/5026674.stm)

### Related:

1. [Millions of protesters take to the streets in Rome, Naples, Milan and other Italian cities to protest their government's austerity measures which cut funds and affects public sector salaries and to test Silvio Berlusconi. ](/news/2010/06/25/millions-of-protesters-take-to-the-streets-in-rome-naples-milan-and-other-italian-cities-to-protest-their-government-s-austerity-measures.md) _Context: Naples, Rome_
2. [A five-story apartment block collapses in the town of Torre Annunziata near the Italian city of Naples, with six or seven people trapped inside. So far, three have been found dead. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-five-story-apartment-block-collapses-in-the-town-of-torre-annunziata-near-the-italian-city-of-naples-with-six-or-seven-people-trapped-ins.md) _Context: Naples_
3. [2017 Turin stampede. More than 1,500 people are injured when panic erupts among Juventus fans who are watching the 2017 UEFA Champions League Final on Piazza San Carlo in Turin, Italy. ](/news/2017/06/3/2017-turin-stampede-more-than-1-500-people-are-injured-when-panic-erupts-among-juventus-fans-who-are-watching-the-2017-uefa-champions-leagu.md) _Context: Turin_
4. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely -a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done-. ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
5. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
6. [Italian local elections, 2016. Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Rome_
7. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings. Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-to.md) _Context: Turin_
8. [Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse. Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/royal-commission-into-institutional-responses-to-child-sexual-abuse-cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholi.md) _Context: Rome_
9. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: Rome_
10. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Rome_
