### [2005-07-21](/news/2005/07/21/index.md)

#  In the Republic of Congo, trial of sixteen military and security officer begins. They are accused of killing 353. refugees who disappeared 1999 in the so-called Beach case. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://za.today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-07-22T063154Z_01_ALL223357_RTRIDST_0_OZATP-CONGO-TRIAL-20050722.XML)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4705161.stm)
3. [World Peace Herald](http://www.wpherald.com/storyview.php?StoryID=20050719-021459-6052r)

### Related:

1. [An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast-of-yemen-killing-at-least-40-of.md) _Context: refugee_
2. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: refugee_
3. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: refugee_
4. [United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-c.md) _Context: refugee_
5. [Italian refugee documentary ''Fire at Sea'', directed by Gianfranco Rosi, wins the   66th Berlin International Film Festival's Golden Bear award for best film. ](/news/2016/02/20/italian-refugee-documentary-fire-at-sea-directed-by-gianfranco-rosi-wins-the-66th-berlin-international-film-festival-s-golden-bear-a.md) _Context: refugee_
6. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: refugee_
7. [Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper ''Dagens Industri'' that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported  in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-about-45-percent-of-asylum.md) _Context: refugee_
8. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan  to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have  their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the-european-union-refuge.md) _Context: refugee_
9. [Swedish police increase checks of asylum facilities in the country's southwest amid reports refugees are leaving to avoid being registered by immigration officials. ](/news/2015/11/15/swedish-police-increase-checks-of-asylum-facilities-in-the-country-s-southwest-amid-reports-refugees-are-leaving-to-avoid-being-registered-b.md) _Context: refugee_
10. [Amnesty International accuses Australian border protection officials of illegally paying people smugglers and endangering lives in a bid to prevent boats of asylum seekers from reaching the country via Operation Sovereign Borders. Australia's government rejects Amnesty's report and denies any wrongdoing.](/news/2015/10/29/amnesty-international-accuses-australian-border-protection-officials-of-illegally-paying-people-smugglers-and-endangering-lives-in-a-bid-to.md) _Context: refugee_
