### [2008-03-31](/news/2008/03/31/index.md)

#  Serbian Defense Minister Dragan Sutanovac accuses allies of Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica of coordinating and leading anti-Western riots in Belgrade and Kosovo. 




### Source:

1. [The International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/03/31/news/Serbia-Kosovo.php)

### Related:

1. [ Serbian Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica resigns, dissolving a coalition too divided over the loss of Kosovo to carry on governing. ](/news/2008/03/8/serbian-prime-minister-vojislav-koa-tunica-resigns-dissolving-a-coalition-too-divided-over-the-loss-of-kosovo-to-carry-on-governing.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia, Vojislav Kostunica_
2. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Belgrade, Kosovo, Serbia_
3. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
4. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
5. [A man detonates a grenade inside a bakery in Belgrade, Serbia, killing himself. No other casualties were reported. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-man-detonates-a-grenade-inside-a-bakery-in-belgrade-serbia-killing-himself-no-other-casualties-were-reported.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
6. [Anti-Serbian protesters set fire to the government's headquarters in Kosovo's capital, Pristina, over an EU-brokered deal that will give Kosovo's ethnic Serb minority greater local powers. ](/news/2016/01/9/anti-serbian-protesters-set-fire-to-the-government-s-headquarters-in-kosovo-s-capital-pristina-over-an-eu-brokered-deal-that-will-give-kos.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
7. [A Serbian military Russian-made MI-17 transport helicopter crashes near Belgrade's international airport in foggy weather while evacuating a sick 5-day-old baby with life-threatening respiratory problems from the south of the country, killing all seven people on board. ](/news/2015/03/13/a-serbian-military-russian-made-mi-17-transport-helicopter-crashes-near-belgrade-s-international-airport-in-foggy-weather-while-evacuating-a.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
8. [Velika Ivanca shooting: At least 13 people are killed and another three injured after a man goes on a spree shooting in the village of Velika Ivanca near the Serbian capital Belgrade. ](/news/2013/04/9/velika-ivanaa-shooting-at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-another-three-injured-after-a-man-goes-on-a-spree-shooting-in-the-village-of-veli.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
9. [Serbia and its former province of Kosovo reach an accord aimed at normalizing relations between the Balkan neighbours, potentially setting Belgrade on the path to membership of the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/19/serbia-and-its-former-province-of-kosovo-reach-an-accord-aimed-at-normalizing-relations-between-the-balkan-neighbours-potentially-setting-b.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
10. [Kosovo Serbs block off two border crossings with Serbia as the Kosovo government seeks to take them over. ](/news/2011/09/16/kosovo-serbs-block-off-two-border-crossings-with-serbia-as-the-kosovo-government-seeks-to-take-them-over.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
