### [2007-02-1](/news/2007/02/1/index.md)

#  Palestinian factional violence: Hamas gunmen ambush a convoy carrying weapons to Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard unit. Six Fatah members are killed, more than 70 people are wounded and 12 others are kidnapped in ensuing battles. 

(VIDEO) Four-truck convoy making its way from Israel to President Abbas&#39; presidential guard unit in Gaza ambushed by Hamas gunmen; six Fatah members killed, more than 70 people wounded in ensuing gun battles; ‘a real war is taking place,’ witness says 


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3359880,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas- violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamas-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were -hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians-; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-hijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iranians-possibly-r.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
4. [ Hamas militants kill at least 16 Palestinians, including 2 UNRWA workers and 13 Fatah members, as clashes intensify in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/13/hamas-militants-kill-at-least-16-palestinians-including-2-unrwa-workers-and-13-fatah-members-as-clashes-intensify-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, clashes_
5. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer.: Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [ Palestinian factional violence claims 8 more lives as violence erupts on the Israeli border with Fatah and Hamas fighting for dominance at the Karni cargo crossing in Gaza, ending Monday night's ceasefire agreement. ](/news/2007/05/15/palestinian-factional-violence-claims-8-more-lives-as-violence-erupts-on-the-israeli-border-with-fatah-and-hamas-fighting-for-dominance-at.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, clashes_
7. [ Palestinian factional violence: Fatah and Hamas take some of their gunmen off the streets of the West Bank and free some hostages under a new declared ceasefire. ](/news/2007/02/4/palestinian-factional-violence-fatah-and-hamas-take-some-of-their-gunmen-off-the-streets-of-the-west-bank-and-free-some-hostages-under-a-n.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, clashes_
8. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas and its rival Fatah renew their truce when violence broke off again after the initial ceasefire. ](/news/2007/02/2/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-and-its-rival-fatah-renew-their-truce-when-violence-broke-off-again-after-the-initial-ceasefire.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, clashes_
9. [ Palestinian factional violence: Clashes between Hamas, Fatah result in abductions from both sides. Four Fatah loyalists and a female bystander are killed in gunbattles. ](/news/2007/01/3/palestinian-factional-violence-clashes-between-hamas-fatah-result-in-abductions-from-both-sides-four-fatah-loyalists-and-a-female-bystan.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, clashes_
10. [ Palestinian factional violence: More than 13 people are killed in clashes between rival factions Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2007/01/26/palestinian-factional-violence-more-than-13-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-rival-factions-hamas-and-fatah.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, clashes_
