### [2015-06-22](/news/2015/06/22/index.md)

# Hundreds of Syrian refugees return from Turkey to the border town of Tell Abyad after the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant are expelled by Kurdish People's Protection Units. 

More than 2,000 Syrian refugees who had fled into Turkey crossed back, security sources and witnesses say, as a gate reopened a few days after ISIS militants were ousted from the frontier town of Tal Abyad.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Jun-22/303248-hundreds-of-refugees-cross-back-into-syria-from-turkey-witnesses.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of Syrians flee into Turkey as Kurdish fighters come closer to capturing the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/06/14/thousands-of-syrians-flee-into-turkey-as-kurdish-fighters-come-closer-to-capturing-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-islamic-state-in-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad, Turkey_
2. [Kurdish People's Protection Units have captured the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/06/16/kurdish-people-s-protection-units-have-captured-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-forces.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad, YPG_
3. [Some 13,000 refugees have crossed into Turkey as Syrian Kurd People's Protection Units  encircle the ISIL-held town of Suluk. ](/news/2015/06/13/some-13-000-refugees-have-crossed-into-turkey-as-syrian-kurd-people-s-protection-units-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-suluk.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Turkey, YPG_
4. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, YPG_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that Turkey has shelled areas held by the Kurdish YPG militia group in Syria's Aleppo Governorate for the second successive day with two YPG fighters reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-turkey-has-shelled-areas-held-by-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-group-in-syria-s-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, YPG_
6. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL)The Kurdish's People's Protection Units and independent monitors accuse ISIL of using poison gas while fighting in northern Syria late in June. ](/news/2015/07/18/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-pthe-kurdish-s-people-s-protection-units-and-independent-monitors-accuse-isil-of-using-poison-gas.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish, YPG_
7. [Kurdish YPG forces and Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the ISIL stronghold of Tell Abyad in northern Al-Raqqah Governorate. ](/news/2015/06/15/kurdish-ypg-forces-and-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-isil-stronghold-of-tell-abyad-in-northern-al-raqqah-governorate.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Tell Abyad, YPG_
8. [Syrian civil war:A Syrian tribe in  Deir Ezzor province faces genocide from the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant and appeals for the world to help. ](/news/2014/08/28/syrian-civil-war-pa-syrian-tribe-in-deir-ezzor-province-faces-genocide-from-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-and-appeals-for-the-wo.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
