### [2015-06-22](/news/2015/06/22/index.md)

# The CNN reports that the size of the Office of Personnel Management data breach could be as large as 18 million past, present and prospective employees of the United States Government. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/22/politics/opm-hack-18-milliion/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Footage documenting CNN employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors surfaces on social media. ](/news/2017/06/3/footage-documenting-cnn-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-surfaces-on-social-media.md) _Context: CNN_
2. [CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-hea.md) _Context: CNN_
3. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: CNN_
4. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: CNN_
5. [Venezuela bans CNN en Espanol, CNN's 24-hour Spanish language television channel, after accusing it of spreading propaganda. ](/news/2017/02/15/venezuela-bans-cnn-en-espaa-ol-cnn-s-24-hour-spanish-language-television-channel-after-accusing-it-of-spreading-propaganda.md) _Context: CNN_
6. [Volkswagen reaches a deal with the United States government that includes vehicle buybacks and cash compensation. ](/news/2016/04/21/volkswagen-reaches-a-deal-with-the-united-states-government-that-includes-vehicle-buybacks-and-cash-compensation.md) _Context: United States government_
7. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: CNN_
8. [The public interest non-profit Cause for Action files a Freedom of Information Act request for United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter's personal emails following his disclosure of using that account for official government emails, this in the wake of  the former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton email controversy and the Office of Personnel Management data breach.  The U.S. Federal Records Act restricts use of personal email for official business. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-public-interest-non-profit-cause-for-action-files-a-freedom-of-information-act-request-for-united-states-secretary-of-defense-ashton-car.md) _Context: Office of Personnel Management data breach_
9. [CNN announces the September 16, prime time  presidential debate panel.  Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-sufficient-poll-support-following-the-first-d.md) _Context: CNN_
10. [Katherine Archuleta resigns as the director of the United States Office of Personnel Management following the hacking of 21.5 million data records. ](/news/2015/07/10/katherine-archuleta-resigns-as-the-director-of-the-united-states-office-of-personnel-management-following-the-hacking-of-21-5-million-data-r.md) _Context: Office of Personnel Management data breach_
