### [2008-06-25](/news/2008/06/25/index.md)

#   The US Supreme Court rules in ''Exxon Shipping Co. v. Baker'' that the damages awarded in the Exxon Valdez case were excessive and reduces them from $2.7 billion to $507 million. 

In a 5-4 decision, the justices struck down a Louisiana law, ruling that it would violate the Constitution’s ban on cruel and unusual punishment.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5jSJlMcSWuKWGUGc9odGpuNXDQCcg)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/06/26/washington/26scotuscnd.html)

### Related:

1. [ Lawyers representing the entertainment industry defend their compensation claims of US$13 million against The Pirate Bay. ](/news/2009/02/18/lawyers-representing-the-entertainment-industry-defend-their-compensation-claims-of-us-13-million-against-the-pirate-bay.md) _Context: US$, damages_
2. [ Supreme Court of the United States: In ''United States v. Santos'', by a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court takes a narrow interpretation of federal laws regarding money laundering, and uses the decision in ''Cuellar v. United States'' to unanimously overturn the money laundering conviction of Humberto Cuellar. ](/news/2008/06/2/supreme-court-of-the-united-states-p-in-united-states-v-santos-by-a-5-4-decision-the-united-states-supreme-court-takes-a-narrow-inte.md) _Context: Supreme Court, United States Supreme Court_
3. [ The recording industry wins a key victory with a court in the U.S. state of Minnesota finding that a woman was liable for damages of $220,000 for sharing copyrighted music online through Kazaa. ](/news/2007/10/4/the-recording-industry-wins-a-key-victory-with-a-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-minnesota-finding-that-a-woman-was-liable-for-damages-of-220-0.md) _Context: US$, damages_
4. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: US$_
5. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
6. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying  too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-t.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: US$_
8. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
10. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court_
