### [2008-06-25](/news/2008/06/25/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7472834.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N), is found ineligible by a court to stand in upcoming by-elections. ](/news/2008/06/23/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-and-leader-of-the-pakistan-muslim-league-n-is-found-ineligible-by-a-court-to-stand-in-up.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan, by-elections_
2. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
3. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
4. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
5. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif cancels the Pakistan Muslim League's proposed demonstration, following the impending reinstatement of Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry as Chief Justice. ](/news/2009/03/16/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-cancels-the-pakistan-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-following-the-impending-reinstate.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is placed under house arrest to prevent the Pakistani Muslim League's proposed demonstration in Islamabad on March 16. ](/news/2009/03/15/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-placed-under-house-arrest-to-prevent-the-pakistani-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-i.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [ Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announces that he is withdrawing his Pakistan Muslim League (N) party from Pakistan's governing coalition. ](/news/2008/08/25/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-announces-that-he-is-withdrawing-his-pakistan-muslim-league-n-party-from-pakistan-s-governing-coalitio.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [ The Election Commission of Pakistan rejects former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's nomination papers for the upcoming parliamentary election. ([http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=2007%5C12%5C04%5Cstory_4-12-2007_pg1_5 "Daily Times"])](/news/2007/12/3/the-election-commission-of-pakistan-rejects-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-nomination-papers-for-the-upcoming-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, by-elections_
9. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, by-elections_
10. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan, states that he will return to Pakistan from exile after winning a case in the Supreme Court of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/08/30/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-states-that-he-will-return-to-pakistan-from-exile-after-winning-a-case-in-the-supreme-cour.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
