### [2008-06-25](/news/2008/06/25/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert strikes a deal with the Labor Party to avoid dissolution of the Knesset in return for Olmert holding a leadership contest for the Kadima party by September. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7472636.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert announces his intention to resign as Prime Minister in two months as his Kadima party chooses a new leader. He will also resign as Chairman of Kadima effective in two months. One reason for resignation is the corruption scandal in which Olmert is embattled. ](/news/2008/07/30/prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-prime-minister-in-two-months-as-his-kadima-party-chooses-a-new-le.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima_
2. [ Ehud Barak, the Defense Minister of Israel and Leader of the Labor Party, calls for the resignation of the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert to step aside to face corruption allegations. ](/news/2008/05/28/ehud-barak-the-defense-minister-of-israel-and-leader-of-the-labor-party-calls-for-the-resignation-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-ol.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Labor Party_
3. [ Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel survives three motions of no confidence in Knesset, in the latest backlash over his handling of the 2006 Lebanon war. ](/news/2007/05/7/prime-minister-ehud-olmert-of-israel-survives-three-motions-of-no-confidence-in-knesset-in-the-latest-backlash-over-his-handling-of-the-20.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
4. [ Avigdor Yitzhaki, the chairman and co-founder of Ehud Olmert's Kadima party, calls on Olmert to resign as the Prime Minister of Israel over his handling of the 2006 Lebanon War. Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni later joined calls for Olmert's resignation. ](/news/2007/05/2/avigdor-yitzhaki-the-chairman-and-co-founder-of-ehud-olmert-s-kadima-party-calls-on-olmert-to-resign-as-the-prime-minister-of-israel-over.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Kadima_
5. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
6. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert starts a 19-month prison sentence for bribery and obstructing justice. In the last decade, he was found or admitted guilty in four different corruption investigations. ](/news/2016/02/15/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-starts-a-19-month-prison-sentence-for-bribery-and-obstructing-justice-in-the-last-decade-he-wa.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
8. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert is sentenced to eight months in jail following a conviction on corruption charges for unlawfully accepting multiple envelopes with cash from an American supporter. There are 3 more criminals prosecutions against him. ](/news/2015/05/25/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-is-sentenced-to-eight-months-in-jail-following-a-conviction-on-corruption-charges-for-unlawfully.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [The Jerusalem District Court finds former Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert guilty of accepting cash from an American businessman for personal use. ](/news/2015/03/30/the-jerusalem-district-court-finds-former-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-guilty-of-accepting-cash-from-an-american-businessman-for-per.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
