### [2017-08-30](/news/2017/08/30/index.md)

# The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_MED_CANCER_GENE_THERAPY?SITE=AP&)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves the country's first biosimilar drug, Zarxio (Europe: 2009, as Zarzio), made by Novartis. Biosimilars are a relatively new class of drugs designed to pave the way for less expensive versions of the complex biologics drug class, and they are not synthesized from chemicals like other drugs, but are made from living cells. Some well known biologics include Remicade and Enbrel for autoimmune diseases, and Herceptin and Avastin for cancer. Zarxio, used to prevent infection in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy, is a close copy of Neupogen, made by Amgen. ](/news/2015/03/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-fda-approves-the-country-s-first-biosimilar-drug-zarxio-europe-2009-as-zarzio-made-by-novartis.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, Novartis_
2. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration suspends a gene therapy study and reviews 28 others after the death of a patient. ](/news/2007/07/26/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-suspends-a-gene-therapy-study-and-reviews-28-others-after-the-death-of-a-patient.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, gene therapy_
3. [The journal "Protein & Cell" publishes Sun Yat-sen University research describing the use of gene therapy in the removal of a version of the inherited blood disorder beta-thalassemia from an artificially-created nuclear transfer-type of cloning-model system of human oocytes. Collectively, this study demonstrated the feasibility of curing this and a range of other inherited diseases using the same genome editing technology of CRISPR. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-journal-protein-cell-publishes-sun-yat-sen-university-research-describing-the-use-of-gene-therapy-in-the-removal-of-a-version-of-the.md) _Context: gene therapy_
4. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse. Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting-12-hours-opioid.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
5. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 mi reaching an altitude of more than 1245 mi before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 mi south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486). The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence. Changes include reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration_
10. [U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-and-kill-29-militants.md) _Context: U.S._
