### [2003-07-2](/news/2003/07/2/index.md)

#  On taking up the EU presidency, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi makes an embarrassing remark, causing an uproar of criticism from the 626-seat European Parliament and the European media, by insulting the German MEP Martin Schulz (SPD) with the words "Mr. Schulz, I know there is a producer in Italy who is making a film on the Nazi concentration camps. I will suggest you for the role of kapo. You'd be perfect."




### Related:

1. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany endorses Martin Schulz as its leader. ](/news/2017/03/19/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-endorses-martin-schulz-as-its-leader.md) _Context: Martin Schulz, Social Democratic Party of Germany_
2. [The German Social Democrat Martin Schulz is reelected President of the European Parliament for another two and a half years. ](/news/2014/07/1/the-german-social-democrat-martin-schulz-is-reelected-president-of-the-european-parliament-for-another-two-and-a-half-years.md) _Context: Martin Schulz, Social Democratic Party of Germany_
3. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is found guilty of abusing his power and having sex with an underage prostitute, and is sentenced to seven years in prison. ](/news/2013/06/24/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-found-guilty-of-abusing-his-power-and-having-sex-with-an-underage-prostitute-and-is-sent.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [ Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi collapses while giving a speech in Tuscany and has to be carried from the podium by his aides. Doctors treating him afterwards blamed a sudden drop in blood pressure. ](/news/2006/11/26/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-collapses-while-giving-a-speech-in-tuscany-and-has-to-be-carried-from-the-podium-by-his-aid.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi officially hands in his resignation to President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. Berlusconi was defeated by Romano Prodi in the April 9-10 elections, but Ciampi has asked him to remain in office, "for the handling of current affairs". ](/news/2006/05/2/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-officially-hands-in-his-resignation-to-president-carlo-azeglio-ciampi-berlusconi-was-defeated-by.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
6. [ Italy Premier Silvio Berlusconi's government assumed the rotating EU presidency.](/news/2003/07/1/italy-premier-silvio-berlusconi-s-government-assumed-the-rotating-eu-presidency.md) _Context: EU presidency, Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
8. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: Silvio Berlusconi_
9. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
10. [Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-chairman-and-paul-nuttall-president-of-the-initiative-for-direct-democracy-in-eu.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
