### [2006-03-10](/news/2006/03/10/index.md)

#  More than 250 medical experts sign a letter in The Lancet urging the United States to stop force-feeding of Guantanamo Bay detainees and close down the prison. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4790742.stm)

### Related:

1. [Results, published in ''The Lancet'' medical journal, of the WOMAN (World Maternal Antifibrinolytic) international study  that began in 2010,  finds  use of a cheap and widely available drug, tranexamic acid (Lysteda in the U.S. and Australia),  could save the lives of thousands of women who die in childbirth from excessive bleeding.  The medication is already in use for blood loss from major trauma, surgery, tooth removal, nose bleeds, and heavy menstruation. ](/news/2017/04/26/results-published-in-the-lancet-medical-journal-of-the-woman-world-maternal-antifibrinolytic-international-study-that-began-in-2010.md) _Context: The Lancet_
2. [At a  55-minute joint press conference, following their two-hour closed door meeting, United States President Barrack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro agreed this "new day" of openness between the two countries benefits the entire hemisphere as well. Each acknowledged more needs to be done. Obama said he spoke frankly about human rights, free expression, and democracy; Castro said the U.S. needs to remove the military base at Guantanamo Bay, and completely end the U.S. embargo. Obama's experience gave him an advantage when journalists delved into  sensitive areas. ](/news/2016/03/21/at-a-55-minute-joint-press-conference-following-their-two-hour-closed-door-meeting-united-states-president-barrack-obama-and-cuban-presid.md) _Context: military base at Guantanamo Bay_
3. [Swiss research,  published in the medical journal ''The Lancet'', found that paracetamol -- sold as Tylenol and as a generic, acetaminophen,  in the United States -- was not effective at reducing pain or improving movement in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip. The analysis examined 74 randomly-selected trials published between 1980 and 2015 with 58,556 patients who had osteoarthritis. The study did find the prescription drug diclofenac, sold in the U.S. as Cataflam or Voltaren,  is the most effective NSAID available. McNeil Consumer Healthcare, the makers of Tylenol, disagree with the study's conclusions. ](/news/2016/03/18/swiss-research-published-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-found-that-paracetamol-sold-as-tylenol-and-as-a-generic-acetaminophen.md) _Context: The Lancet_
4. [Researchers at University College London report in ''The Lancet''  that an  annual blood test could help reduce women's risk of dying from ovarian cancer by about 20 percent. ](/news/2015/12/17/researchers-at-university-college-london-report-in-the-lancet-that-an-annual-blood-test-could-help-reduce-women-s-risk-of-dying-from-o.md) _Context: The Lancet_
5. [A study in the medical journal ''The Lancet'' states that babies who are breastfed were more likely to have higher IQs, spend more time in school, and end up in higher-paying jobs. ](/news/2015/03/18/a-study-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-states-that-babies-who-are-breastfed-were-more-likely-to-have-higher-iqs-spend-more-time-in-s.md) _Context: The Lancet_
6. [A report sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and published online by ''the Lancet'' finds that 30% of the world's population is overweight or obese. ](/news/2014/05/29/a-report-sponsored-by-the-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-and-published-online-by-the-lancet-finds-that-30-of-the-world-s-population-is.md) _Context: The Lancet_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama chooses a Washington, D.C. lawyer, Clifford Sloan, with experience in all three branches of government to be the U.S. State Department's Special Envoy for closing the military-run prison at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base. ](/news/2013/06/16/u-s-president-barack-obama-chooses-a-washington-d-c-lawyer-clifford-sloan-with-experience-in-all-three-branches-of-government-to-be-the.md) _Context: military base at Guantanamo Bay_
8. [A new study published in ''The Lancet'' finds that up to 90 per cent of school-leavers in Asia's major cities are suffering from myopia, or short-sightedness and that 10 to 20 per cent have high myopia, which can lead to blindness. ](/news/2012/05/4/a-new-study-published-in-the-lancet-finds-that-up-to-90-per-cent-of-school-leavers-in-asia-s-major-cities-are-suffering-from-myopia-or.md) _Context: The Lancet_
9. [A study published by ''The Lancet'' medical journal describes how short blasts of radio waves to the kidney may help regulate blood pressure. ](/news/2010/11/17/a-study-published-by-the-lancet-medical-journal-describes-how-short-blasts-of-radio-waves-to-the-kidney-may-help-regulate-blood-pressure.md) _Context: The Lancet_
10. [A series of studies published by Palestinian scientists in ''The Lancet'' claims that Israel's blockade of the Gaza Strip threatens to cause long-term health damage, malnutrition and stunted growth in children. ](/news/2010/07/2/a-series-of-studies-published-by-palestinian-scientists-in-the-lancet-claims-that-israel-s-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-threatens-to-cause.md) _Context: The Lancet_
