### [2013-12-10](/news/2013/12/10/index.md)

# Two French soldiers die in overnight fighting in the capital Bangui. 

Two French soldiers are killed in overnight fighting in the Central African Republic amid an operation to restore order to the troubled country.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25313817#)

### Related:

1. [Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danish-royals-have-been-buri.md) _Context: French-born_
2. [Frenchman Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Scotsman Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Dutchman Ben Feringa win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their research into nanotechnology. ](/news/2016/10/5/frenchman-jean-pierre-sauvage-scotsman-sir-fraser-stoddart-and-dutchman-ben-feringa-win-the-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-their-research-in.md) _Context: French-born_
3. [French taxidrivers, air traffic controllers and school teachers go on strike over working conditions and competition from non-traditional services such as Uber. ](/news/2016/01/26/french-taxidrivers-air-traffic-controllers-and-school-teachers-go-on-strike-over-working-conditions-and-competition-from-non-traditional-se.md) _Context: French-born_
4. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Bangui's_
5. [Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-country-wracked-by-sectarian-violence.md) _Context: Bangui's_
6. [Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvement-in-the-attacks-raids-are.md) _Context: French-born_
7. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's_
8. [Clashes between Christians and Muslims in the capital Bangui leave at least 21 people dead and over 100 injured. ](/news/2015/09/27/clashes-between-christians-and-muslims-in-the-capital-bangui-leave-at-least-21-people-dead-and-over-100-injured.md) _Context: Bangui's_
9. [A Rwandan soldier attached to MINUSCA goes on a shooting spree in Bangui, killing four fellow UN peacekeepers and injuring another eight before turning the gun on himself. ](/news/2015/08/8/a-rwandan-soldier-attached-to-minusca-goes-on-a-shooting-spree-in-bangui-killing-four-fellow-un-peacekeepers-and-injuring-another-eight-bef.md) _Context: Bangui's_
10. ["Dheepan", a French film directed by Jacques Audiard, wins the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. ](/news/2015/05/24/dheepan-a-french-film-directed-by-jacques-audiard-wins-the-palme-d-or-at-the-2015-cannes-film-festival.md) _Context: French-born_
