### [2011-12-6](/news/2011/12/6/index.md)

# The US Mine Safety and Health Administration releases the final report into the Upper Big Branch Mine disaster in Raleigh County, West Virginia, that killed twenty-nine miners last year. 




### Source:

1. [MSHA](http://www.msha.gov/PerformanceCoal/PerformanceCoal.asp)

### Related:

1. [An explosion at a coal mine in Raleigh County, West Virginia kills 25 miners and leaves several missing. This is the deadliest mining accident in the U.S. in at least 35 years. ](/news/2010/04/5/an-explosion-at-a-coal-mine-in-raleigh-county-west-virginia-kills-25-miners-and-leaves-several-missing-this-is-the-deadliest-mining-accide.md) _Context: Raleigh County, West Virginia_
2. [2016 West Virginia flood. The Kanawha County sheriff's office reports the death toll is now 26-three more victims were found overnight. It is the third-deadliest flood in West Virginia history. ](/news/2016/06/25/2016-west-virginia-flood-the-kanawha-county-sheriff-s-office-reports-the-death-toll-is-now-26-three-more-victims-were-found-overnight-it.md) _Context: West Virginia_
3. [2016 West Virginia flood. West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/24/2016-west-virginia-flood-west-virginia-police-report-powerful-flash-floods-last-night-killed-at-least-26-people-and-swept-away-a-toddler-fr.md) _Context: West Virginia_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016. United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016. Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: West Virginia_
5. [Upper Big Branch Mine disaster. A court convicts Donald Blankenship, former CEO of Massey Energy Company, of violating safety standards that led to the deaths of 29 Upper Big Branch mine workers in Montcoal, West Virginia in 2010. He is acquitted of making false statements and deceiving regulators. Blankenship, who faces up to one year in prison and a fine of $250,000, is the most prominent American coal executive ever to be convicted of a charge connected to the deaths of miners. ](/news/2015/12/3/upper-big-branch-mine-disaster-a-court-convicts-donald-blankenship-former-ceo-of-massey-energy-company-of-violating-safety-standards-that.md) _Context: Upper Big Branch_
6. [The United States Federal Government recognizes same-sex marriage in Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia and Wyoming, bringing the total number of states with recognition of gay marriage to 32. ](/news/2014/10/25/the-united-states-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-alaska-arizona-idaho-north-carolina-west-virginia-and-wyoming-brin.md) _Context: West Virginia_
7. [West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin declares a state of emergency for 100,000 West Virginia American Water customers in five counties (Boone, Lincoln, Kanawha, Jackson, and Putnam) because of a spill of 4-methylcyclohexanemethanol into the Elk River. ](/news/2014/01/9/west-virginia-governor-earl-ray-tomblin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-100-000-west-virginia-american-water-customers-in-five-counties-b.md) _Context: West Virginia_
8. [A chemical leak in West Virginia morphs into a crisis after the contamination of a portion of the state's water supply. ](/news/2014/01/11/a-chemical-leak-in-west-virginia-morphs-into-a-crisis-after-the-contamination-of-a-portion-of-the-state-s-water-supply.md) _Context: West Virginia_
9. [In the U.S. state of West Virginia, a sheriff is shot and killed in Mingo County. [http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201304030091 "(The Charleston Gazette)"]](/news/2013/04/3/in-the-u-s-state-of-west-virginia-a-sheriff-is-shot-and-killed-in-mingo-county-http-www-wvgazette-com-news-201304030091-the-charlest.md) _Context: West Virginia_
10. [The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. ](/news/2012/06/30/the-death-toll-from-storms-in-the-mid-atlantic-states-of-the-united-states-reaches-13-with-millions-out-of-power-and-states-of-emergencies.md) _Context: West Virginia_
