### [2014-07-30](/news/2014/07/30/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Fighting intensifies in the east as Ukraine forces recapture control of the strategic town of Avdiivka from pro-Russian insurgents. 

The Ukrainian army says it has seized the town of Avdiivka, near the rebel stronghold of Donetsk, amid intense fighting in the area around the downed MH17 flight.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28559482)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: International monitors from the OSCE report that fighting has intensified in Eastern Ukraine as a second year of a shaky truce begins. The worst of the fighting is located between government-controlled Avdiivka and separatist-controlled Yasynuvata. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-donbass-international-monitors-from-the-osce-report-that-fighting-has-intensified-in-eastern-ukraine-as-a-second-year-of-a-shaky-tru.md) _Context: Avdiivka, War in Donbass_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Marinka on the western edge of the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-marinka-on-the-western-edge-of-the-pro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian forces retake control of the towns of Krasnohorivka and Staromykhailivka, outside the pro-Russian rebels' stronghold of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-forces-retake-control-of-the-towns-of-krasnohorivka-and-staromykhailivka-out.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Vladimir Antyufeyev, a Russian citizen and veteran of the pro-Russian separatist rebellion in Moldova, takes over as head of Donetsk People's Republic rebellion after self-labeled "prime minister" Alexander Borodai reportedly disappeared for Russia. ](/news/2014/08/1/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-vladimir-antyufeyev-a-russian-citizen-and-veteran-of-the-pro-russian-separatist-rebell.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: The Ukrainian government declares a unilateral one-day cease-fire in order to facilitate for a team of forensics experts and crash investigators to reach the site where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 went down two weeks ago, after days of delay caused by heavy fighting in the area. ](/news/2014/07/31/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-ukrainian-government-declares-a-unilateral-one-day-cease-fire-in-order-to-facilitat.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass: Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
9. [War in Donbass: Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass: A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/war-in-donbass-a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-ne.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
