### [2014-07-30](/news/2014/07/30/index.md)

# The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. 

A federal judge on Wednesday ordered Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) to pay a $1.27 billion penalty for fraud over shoddy mortgages sold by the former Countrywide Financial Corp.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/30/us-bankofamerica-fraud-idUSKBN0FZ23R20140730)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20140730&t=2&i=952359474&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEA6T0RV)

### Related:

1. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America, Manhattan_
2. [Prosecutors ask a judge of the Manhattan federal district court to sentence Peter Madoff, brother and co-conspirator of infamous scammer Bernard Madoff, to a sentence of ten years. ](/news/2012/12/13/prosecutors-ask-a-judge-of-the-manhattan-federal-district-court-to-sentence-peter-madoff-brother-and-co-conspirator-of-infamous-scammer-ber.md) _Context: Manhattan, U.S. District Judge_
3. [The 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly commences its General Debate at the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan, New York. ](/news/2017/09/19/the-72nd-session-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-commences-its-general-debate-at-the-united-nations-headquarters-in-manhattan-new-yo.md) _Context: Manhattan_
4. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc has become the largest shareholder of Bank of America by exercising its right to acquire 700 million shares at a steep discount, more than tripling an investment it made six years ago. Bank of America on Tuesday announced the exercise of the warrants, which gave Berkshire, controlled by Warren Buffett, the right to buy the bank's shares for about $7.14 each. Bank of America shares closed down 14 cents at $23.58 on the same day. ](/news/2017/08/29/berkshire-hathaway-inc-has-become-the-largest-shareholder-of-bank-of-america-by-exercising-its-right-to-acquire-700-million-shares-at-a-stee.md) _Context: Bank of America_
5. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Bank of America_
6. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
7. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors. The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
8. [U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman rules General Motors Co., and its outside law firm King & Spalding, do not have to turn over lawyer-client documents from previously settled ignition switch lawsuits to plaintiffs' lawyers in pending cases. ](/news/2015/11/25/u-s-district-judge-jesse-furman-rules-general-motors-co-and-its-outside-law-firm-king-spalding-do-not-have-to-turn-over-lawyer-client.md) _Context: U.S. District Judge_
9. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the "once large and prominent law firm" Dewey & LeBoeuf. The three had been charged with "plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis." ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
10. [The District Attorney for Manhattan says he intends to retry a murder case in the disappearance of Etan Patz which ended in a mistrial. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-district-attorney-for-manhattan-says-he-intends-to-retry-a-murder-case-in-the-disappearance-of-etan-patz-which-ended-in-a-mistrial.md) _Context: Manhattan_
