### [2005-05-4](/news/2005/05/4/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4514783.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4513851.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Authority, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [  Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]{{dead link|date=September 2016|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jericho, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinian militants have died following an Israeli raid into the West Bank area of Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-militants-have-died-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-area-of-tulkarm.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tulkarm, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinians were shot dead by Israeli soldiers in the West Bank after they attacked an Israeli Defence Forces vehicle in Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinians-were-shot-dead-by-israeli-soldiers-in-the-west-bank-after-they-attacked-an-israeli-defence-f.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tulkarm, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from travelling throughout the West Bank and cuts off contact with the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2005/10/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-travelling-throughout-the-west-bank-and-cuts-off-contact-with-the-palestinian-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Authority, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank.  The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. ](/news/2005/08/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-kills-3-palestinian-civilians-in-the-west-bank-the-attack-was-condemned-by-ariel-sharon.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
