### [2005-05-4](/news/2005/05/4/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism:. The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]. A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
3. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
4. [Pakistan jails a doctor who helped the US Central Intelligence Agency confirm that Osama bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. ](/news/2011/07/11/pakistan-jails-a-doctor-who-helped-the-us-central-intelligence-agency-confirm-that-osama-bin-laden-was-living-in-abbottabad.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
5. [Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/14/pakistan-s-directorate-for-inter-services-intelligence-has-arrested-central-intelligence-agency-informants-who-contributed-to-the-raid-on-os.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
6. [Death of Osama bin Laden:. President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
7. [Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed. ](/news/2010/06/1/al-qaeda-s-top-leader-in-afghanistan-and-osama-bin-laden-s-third-in-command-mustafa-abu-al-yazid-is-reported-killed.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
8. [ War on Terrorism in Afghanistan:. In talks brokered by Saudi Arabia, the Taliban renounces its ties to al-Qaeda and sues for peace with Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/10/7/war-on-terrorism-in-afghanistan-in-talks-brokered-by-saudi-arabia-the-taliban-renounces-its-ties-to-al-qaeda-and-sues-for-peace-with-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
9. [ War on Terrorism. The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/war-on-terrorism-the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pr.md) _Context: Pakistan, War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
10. [ Muhammed Rahim, an al-Qaeda member who helped Osama bin Laden escape from Tora Bora, Afghanistan in 2001, is taken to the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2008/03/14/muhammed-rahim-an-al-qaeda-member-who-helped-osama-bin-laden-escape-from-tora-bora-afghanistan-in-2001-is-taken-to-the-guantanamo-bay-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Osama bin Laden, al-Qaeda_
