### [2017-04-19](/news/2017/04/19/index.md)

# Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. 




### Source:

1. [U.S. News and World Report](https://www.usnews.com/news/national-news/articles/2017-04-19/karen-handel-wants-trumps-help-in-georgia-runoff-vs-ossoff)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Karen Handel_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Karen Handel_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: In a meeting for the NRA, U.S. president Donald Trump criticizes Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff. ](/news/2017/04/28/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-in-a-meeting-for-the-nra-u-s-president-donald-trump-criticizes-democratic-can.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017_
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Both Paul Ryan and Tom Perez plan to campaign for the local candidates Karen Handel and Jon Ossoff respectively. ](/news/2017/04/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-both-paul-ryan-and-tom-perez-plan-to-campaign-for-the-local-candidates-karen-ha.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Karen Handel_
5. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [2017 North Korea crisis: U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
