### [2017-04-19](/news/2017/04/19/index.md)

# Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. 




### Source:

1. [U.S. News and World Report](https://www.usnews.com/news/national-news/articles/2017-04-19/karen-handel-wants-trumps-help-in-georgia-runoff-vs-ossoff)

### Related:

1. [Both Paul Ryan and Tom Perez plan to campaign for the local candidates Karen Handel and Jon Ossoff respectively. ](/news/2017/04/20/both-paul-ryan-and-tom-perez-plan-to-campaign-for-the-local-candidates-karen-handel-and-jon-ossoff-respectively.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017, Karen Handel_
2. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement, softening earlier claims that he would terminate the trade bloc. ](/news/2017/04/27/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-renegotiate-the-north-american-free-trade-agreement-softening-earlier-claims-that.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [United States Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke says that Donald Trump plans to review U.S. national monuments. ](/news/2017/04/25/united-states-secretary-of-the-interior-ryan-zinke-says-that-donald-trump-plans-to-review-u-s-national-monuments.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [U.S. District Court Judge William Orrick rules that President Donald Trump's executive order withholding federal funds from sanctuary cities is unconstitutional. ](/news/2017/04/25/u-s-district-court-judge-william-orrick-rules-that-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-withholding-federal-funds-from-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017_
8. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Tens of thousands of people march in dozens of U.S. cities and at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, to demand that Trump release his tax returns and to show the public cares about the issue. There were clashes between Trump supporters and protesters at some locations, with 11 people injured and 21 arrested at a riot in Berkeley, California. ](/news/2017/04/15/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-dozens-of-u-s-cities-and-at-president-donald-trump-s-mar-a-lago-resort-in-palm-beach-florida-to-dema.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
