### [2016-11-30](/news/2016/11/30/index.md)

# Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. 

Israeli jets fired two missiles from Lebanese airspace that struck near Damascus, Syrian state media say.


### Source:

1. [Forward](http://forward.com/news/breaking-news/355664/israel-s-air-force-reportedly-strikes-military-position-hezbollah-arms-conv/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38155933)

### Related:

1. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
2. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
3. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
4. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
5. [Syrian Civil War:Syrian army and Hezbollah troops kill over 70 rebel fighters in an ambush in the outskirts of Damascus. ](/news/2014/02/26/syrian-civil-war-psyrian-army-and-hezbollah-troops-kill-over-70-rebel-fighters-in-an-ambush-in-the-outskirts-of-damascus.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Syria_
6. [Syrian civil war:Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-missi.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
7. [Syrian civil war:Israeli aircraft hit at least six targets near Damascus, targeting Iranian-made Fateh-110 missile shipments en route to Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/05/5/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-aircraft-hit-at-least-six-targets-near-damascus-targeting-iranian-made-fateh-110-missile-shipments-en-route-to-he.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [ Hezbollah commander Imad Mugniyah is killed by a bomb attack in Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2008/02/13/hezbollah-commander-imad-mugniyah-is-killed-by-a-bomb-attack-in-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Syria_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Hamas leader Khaled Mashal declares at a rally in Damascus, Syria that its informal ceasefire with Israel, which expires at the end of the year, will not be renewed. ](/news/2005/12/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-declares-at-a-rally-in-damascus-syria-that-its-informal-ceasefire-with-israel.md) _Context: Damascus, Israel, Syria_
10. [ In an interview with the Financial Times, a Hezbollah leader announces that the group would be willing to discuss potential disarmament after Israel withdraws from the Shebaa Farms. Lebanon and Syria maintain that the Shebaa Farms are Lebanese territory, while the rest of the world community insists that the farms are part of the Golan Heights, thus part of Syrian territory occupied by Israel. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/b54a17a8-a781-11d9-9744-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562751.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:29, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/8/in-an-interview-with-the-financial-times-a-hezbollah-leader-announces-that-the-group-would-be-willing-to-discuss-potential-disarmament-aft.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
