### [2016-11-30](/news/2016/11/30/index.md)

# In Democratic  Party congressional leadership elections, U.S. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is re-elected, holding off the challenge by Tim Ryan. Democratic whip Steny Hoyer is also re-elected.   Current caucus vice chair Joseph Crowley takes the caucus chairmanship. Linda Sanchez, in a three-way race, is elected the new vice chair.  

Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi held onto her job leading House Democrats today as her caucus re-elected her to the position -- despite rumblings from inside and outside the caucus that change and fresh ideas may be needed after a disappointing November election. The Democratic caucus voted 134-63...


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/house-democrats-hold-leadership-elections/story?id=43860287)

### Related:

1. [ Nancy Pelosi is unanimously nominated by the Democratic Party to become the next Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. Steny Hoyer wins the election over Jack Murtha to become Majority Leader. ](/news/2006/11/16/nancy-pelosi-is-unanimously-nominated-by-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-next-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ste.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi, Steny Hoyer_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Democratic, United States elections, 2016_
3. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Democratic, United States elections, 2016_
4. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. ](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections.md) _Context: Democratic, United States elections, 2016_
5. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi_
6. [ Speaker-designate of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi announces that controversial Democratic Rep. Alcee Hastings will not be the chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in the 110th Congress. ](/news/2006/11/28/speaker-designate-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nancy-pelosi-announces-that-controversial-democratic-rep-alcee-hastings-wi.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi_
7. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress  are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: 115th United States Congress_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic_
