### [2013-03-11](/news/2013/03/11/index.md)

# Interim President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro files papers to stand in the presidential election on April 14 with Henrique Capriles Radonski standing as an opposition candidate. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/03/11/world/americas/venezuela-elections)

### Related:

1. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Henrique Capriles, Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
2. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
3. [2017 Venezuelan protests: Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
4. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
5. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders, just days before Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursd.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
9. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-s.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
10. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-val.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
