### [2017-08-17](/news/2017/08/17/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Internet firm CloudFlare has also terminated the neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website ''The Daily Stormer'', following criticism due to the events in Charlottesville, Virginia. 

Earlier today, Cloudflare terminated the account of the Daily Stormer. We&#x27;ve stopped proxying their traffic and stopped answering DNS requests for their sites. We&#x27;ve taken measures to ensure that they cannot sign up for Cloudflare&#x27;s services ever again. Our terms of service reserve the right for us to terminate users


### Source:

1. [CNN Money](https://money.cnn.com/2017/08/17/technology/business/cloudflare-drops-daily-stormer/index.html)
2. [Cloudflare's Official Blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com/why-we-terminated-daily-stormer/)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website ''The Daily Stormer'' for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/aftermath-of-the-several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-fo.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, The Daily Stormer, alt-right, neo-Nazi, white supremacist_
2. [Aftermath of the 3M CEO Inge Thulin and Campbell CEO Denise Morrison resign from the American Manufacturing Council in protest of Trump's reaction to the alt-right's actions at Charlottesville, Virginia, bringing the total number of resignations this week to 8. ](/news/2017/08/16/aftermath-of-the-3m-ceo-inge-thulin-and-campbell-ceo-denise-morrison-resign-from-the-american-manufacturing-council-in-protest-of-trump-s-re.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, alt-right_
3. [Fights break out between alt-right protestors and left-wing counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-alt-right-protestors-and-left-wing-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-e.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, alt-right_
4. [ Two Neo-Nazi white supremacists are arrested for plotting to assassinate US presidential candidate Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/10/27/two-neo-nazi-white-supremacists-are-arrested-for-plotting-to-assassinate-us-presidential-candidate-barack-obama.md) _Context: neo-Nazi, white supremacist_
5. [During a protest in Durham, North Carolina, to show solidarity with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Confederate monument was pulled down; a woman has been arrested and charged in connection with the event. ](/news/2017/08/14/during-a-protest-in-durham-north-carolina-to-show-solidarity-with-the-events-in-charlottesville-virginia-a-confederate-monument-was-pull.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
6. [A white supremacist rally called "Unite the Right" takes place in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/11/a-white-supremacist-rally-called-unite-the-right-takes-place-in-charlottesville-virginia.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
7. [German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. ](/news/2017/01/14/german-police-detain-two-suspects-with-over-150kg-of-pyrotechnic-explosives-and-an-ied-inscribed-with-a-swastika-and-ss-runes-stating-the-t.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
8. [White supremacist Thomas Mair is found guilty of the murder of British Member of Parliament Jo Cox and is sentenced to life imprisonment with a whole life order. ](/news/2016/11/23/white-supremacist-thomas-mair-is-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-british-member-of-parliament-jo-cox-and-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-wit.md) _Context: white supremacist_
9. [Suspected Neo-Nazis attack people at a vegan cafe with slabs of meat in Tbilisi, Georgia. ](/news/2016/06/1/suspected-neo-nazis-attack-people-at-a-vegan-cafe-with-slabs-of-meat-in-tbilisi-georgia.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
10. [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's  shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a  24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people -- three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks -- were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threateni.md) _Context: white supremacist_
