### [2017-08-17](/news/2017/08/17/index.md)

# An English-language Chinese propaganda video from Xinhua, entitled "The Spark: 7 Sins of India" about the Doklam stand-off involving China, India and Bhutan, goes viral and sparks anger within India. 

It features a Chinese actor in a turban and fake beard, mockingly assuming an Indian accent.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-40957719)

### Related:

1. [India and China agree to end a two month-long stand-off with the withdrawal of Indian troops. The stand-off began in June after China began constructing a road in the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by both China and Bhutan. ](/news/2017/08/28/india-and-china-agree-to-end-a-two-month-long-stand-off-with-the-withdrawal-of-indian-troops-the-stand-off-began-in-june-after-china-began.md) _Context: 2017 China-India border standoff, Doklam_
2. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: 2017 China-India border standoff, Doklam_
3. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Doklam_
4. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. "[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]"](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: Doklam_
5. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Doklam_
6. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: Doklam_
7. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Xinhua_
8. [At least 21 people are killed and five are injured following an explosion at a power plant in the city of Dangyang, Hubei province in central China. The blast occurred around 3:20 p.m. local time, when a high-pressure steam pipe exploded, according to China's official Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/11/at-least-21-people-are-killed-and-five-are-injured-following-an-explosion-at-a-power-plant-in-the-city-of-dangyang-hubei-province-in-centra.md) _Context: Xinhua_
9. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: Xinhua_
10. [One Chinese national is killed and three others injured in a possible militant attack on a Chinese-invested company in Laos, the official Xinhua News Agency reports. ](/news/2016/03/2/one-chinese-national-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-in-a-possible-militant-attack-on-a-chinese-invested-company-in-laos-the-official-xi.md) _Context: Xinhua_
