### [2004-09-25](/news/2004/09/25/index.md)

#  2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Jeanne strengthens slightly as it passes over the northern Bahamas and makes landfall at 11:50 p.m. local time at Hutchison Island, just east of Stuart, Florida, as a Category Three storm with maximum sustained winds of 120&nbsp;mph (195 km/h). About 3 million people are ordered to evacuate vulnerable areas in Florida. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=590444&section=news)

### Related:

1. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Ivan strengthens to the first Category 5 hurricane of the season, with sustained wind speeds of 160&nbsp;mi/h (260 km/h). It is currently forecast to strike Jamaica, Cuba and possibly Florida. The storm has the potential to cause catastrophic damage. ](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
2. [ Hurricane Frances, a Category Two Hurricane, moves across Florida. Insurance claims for damages are estimated to be between USD 2 and 10 billion. At least two deaths are attributed to Frances in the Bahamas, and one in Gainesville, Florida. ](/news/2004/09/5/hurricane-frances-a-category-two-hurricane-moves-across-florida-insurance-claims-for-damages-are-estimated-to-be-between-usd-2-and-10-bi.md) _Context: Bahamas, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
3. [ 2.5 million Florida residents are ordered to evacuate their homes in preparation for Hurricane Frances, which has already hit the Bahamas and Turks and Caicos Islands. Frances is currently a strong Category Two Hurricane, and will be very near the east coast of Florida by late tonight or early next morning. ](/news/2004/09/4/2-5-million-florida-residents-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-in-preparation-for-hurricane-frances-which-has-already-hit-the-bahamas-a.md) _Context: Bahamas, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
4. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The death toll in Haiti from flooding caused by this weekend's passage of Hurricane Jeanne is now at 1,080 persons, and government officials say the final number is likely to be around 2,000. At least 175,000 Haitians have been affected by the flooding. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6309716 (Reuters)] ayung======](/news/2004/09/23/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-death-toll-in-haiti-from-flooding-caused-by-this-weekend-s-passage-of-hurricane-jeanne-is-now-at-1-080.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Jeanne_
5. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: The number of people confirmed dead in Haiti from the effects of Hurricane Jeanne rises to at least 691, with the number of missing at more than 1,000. The city of Gonaves remains flooded, and thousands are homeless. ](/news/2004/09/21/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-number-of-people-confirmed-dead-in-haiti-from-the-effects-of-hurricane-jeanne-rises-to-at-least-691-wi.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Jeanne_
6. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Massive flooding in Haiti resulting from this weekend's passage of Hurricane Jeanne over the island of Hispaniola leaves large areas submerged and at least 556 people dead, with that number expected to increase. ](/news/2004/09/20/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-massive-flooding-in-haiti-resulting-from-this-weekend-s-passage-of-hurricane-jeanne-over-the-island-of-hisp.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Jeanne_
7. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Twenty-five foot waves and high winds from Hurricane Ivan hit the southern coast of Jamaica early Saturday morning, destroying homes and causing five deaths. There are also reports of looters roaming the streets of Jamaica's capital city, Kingston, some of whom are reportedly robbing emergency workers at gunpoint. As of 17:00 local time (21:00 UTC), Ivan has regained Category Five strength, and is now located about 234 km (134 miles) west of Jamaica and is headed toward the Cayman Islands and western Cuba. Hurricane warnings have been issued for the Cayman Islands, western Cuba, and the Florida Keys. The death toll from Ivan now stands at 50. ](/news/2004/09/11/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-twenty-five-foot-waves-and-high-winds-from-hurricane-ivan-hit-the-southern-coast-of-jamaica-early-saturday.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
8. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: landfall_
9. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Bahamas_
10. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Bahamas_
