### [2014-04-29](/news/2014/04/29/index.md)

# NBA Commissioner Adam Silver announces that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the league for life after a recording of Sterling making racist comments surfaces. Sterling is also fined the maximum allowable US$2.5 million as the NBA examines options for a forced sale. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/nba-donald-sterling-banned-life/story?id=23513899)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2014/04/29/clippers-owner-donald-sterling-banned-for-life-from-nba-fined-25-million-by-nba/)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/thumbnails/i/042914/0/0/rs_nbapresser_042914.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. The accused are alleged to be part of a scheme by which coaches accepted bribes to steer NBA-bound college players toward certain agents and financial advisers. Court documents also allege that an apparel company later identified as Adidas paid $100,000 to the family of an unnamed player to ensure his signing with an unnamed Division I school, which was later confirmed as the University of Louisville. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: NBA_
2. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: NBA_
3. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: NBA_
4. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: NBA_
5. [While reportedly on his way to surrender to police in Atlanta, Georgia to face murder charges, former National Basketball Association player Javaris Crittenton is arrested by the FBI at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California. ](/news/2011/08/30/while-reportedly-on-his-way-to-surrender-to-police-in-atlanta-georgia-to-face-murder-charges-former-national-basketball-association-player.md) _Context: NBA_
6. [The Cleveland Cavaliers set a new record for consecutive losses in a single National Basketball Association season in the United States. ](/news/2011/02/5/the-cleveland-cavaliers-set-a-new-record-for-consecutive-losses-in-a-single-national-basketball-association-season-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: NBA_
7. [NBA free agent LeBron James announces in an hour-long TV special that he plans to sign with the Miami Heat for the upcoming season. ](/news/2010/07/8/nba-free-agent-lebron-james-announces-in-an-hour-long-tv-special-that-he-plans-to-sign-with-the-miami-heat-for-the-upcoming-season.md) _Context: NBA_
8. [ Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. ](/news/2008/06/11/former-basketball-referee-tim-donaghy-accuses-other-referees-in-the-national-basketball-association-of-rigging-games-including-game-6-in-t.md) _Context: NBA_
9. [ The San Antonio Spurs defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4 of the 2007 NBA Finals to win the 2007 National Basketball Association Championship. ](/news/2007/06/14/the-san-antonio-spurs-defeat-the-cleveland-cavaliers-in-game-4-of-the-2007-nba-finals-to-win-the-2007-national-basketball-association-champ.md) _Context: NBA_
10. [ In Auburn Hills, Michigan, members of the NBA Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons engage in a brawl involving players and spectators. Ron Artest of the Pacers initiated the conflict with fans when he entered the crowd at The Palace of Auburn Hills after a fan threw a cup of beer at him. The game was postponed with 45 seconds remaining. Artest was suspended for the rest of the season, while several members of both teams were suspended by the league for their involvement. Pacers-Pistons brawl](/news/2004/11/19/in-auburn-hills-michigan-members-of-the-nba-indiana-pacers-and-detroit-pistons-engage-in-a-brawl-involving-players-and-spectators-ron-ar.md) _Context: NBA_
