### [2014-04-29](/news/2014/04/29/index.md)

# The United States Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs approves three of President Barack Obama's nominees to the Federal Reserve, including the nomination of Stanley Fischer to be its vice chairman. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/29/us-usa-fed-nominees-idUSBREA3S0N720140429)

### Related:

1. [Sources indicate that Stanley Fischer, former head of the central bank of Israel, is the front runner to become the new Vice Chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve as Janet Yellen ascends to the Chair. ](/news/2013/12/11/sources-indicate-that-stanley-fischer-former-head-of-the-central-bank-of-israel-is-the-front-runner-to-become-the-new-vice-chair-of-the-u.md) _Context: Federal Reserve, Stanley Fischer_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates Janet Yellen to become the next chair of the Federal Reserve after Ben Bernanke leaves that office. ](/news/2013/10/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-janet-yellen-to-become-the-next-chair-of-the-federal-reserve-after-ben-bernanke-leaves-that-office.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Federal Reserve_
3. [Paul Volcker steps down as the head of U.S. President Barack Obama's advisory panel, the Economic Recovery Advisory Board.  Volcker, a former chairman of the Federal Reserve, was the guiding force behind recent legislation pressing investment banks to spin off their proprietary trading and branded hedge funds. ](/news/2011/01/21/paul-volcker-steps-down-as-the-head-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-s-advisory-panel-the-economic-recovery-advisory-board-volcker-a-forme.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Federal Reserve_
4. [A spokesman for U.S. President Barack Obama expresses the administration's support for a second term for the incumbent Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, and says lawmakers would send a bad message by "playing politics in any way" with Bernanke's confirmation. ](/news/2010/01/24/a-spokesman-for-u-s-president-barack-obama-expresses-the-administration-s-support-for-a-second-term-for-the-incumbent-chairman-of-the-feder.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Federal Reserve_
5. [ U.S. President Barack Obama nominates Ben Bernanke for his second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve. ](/news/2009/08/25/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-ben-bernanke-for-his-second-term-as-chairman-of-the-federal-reserve.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Federal Reserve_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
