### [2006-07-17](/news/2006/07/17/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Israel has rebuffed a UN call for an international monitoring force to be deployed in Lebanon as it continued to attack the country.




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/4BA16706-0A31-4524-ACE6-FD3420939327.htm)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/93E8708A-BCB6-4BCD-AF00-6F9777076776.htm)
3. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5188420.stm)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/5186140.stm)
5. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/738699.html)
6. [India Daily](http://www.indiadaily.com/breaking_news/75704.asp)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel must lift its blockade of Lebanon soon, UN chief Kofi Annan tells Israel's defence minister.](/news/2006/08/29/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-must-lift-its-blockade-of-lebanon-soon-un-chief-kofi-annan-tells-israel-s-defence-minister.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, UN_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has expressed deep concern over Saturday's Israeli commando raid deep inside Lebanon, calling it a truce violation. ](/news/2006/08/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-has-expressed-deep-concern-over-saturday-s-israeli-commando-raid-deep-inside.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, UN_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-5.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel, Lebanon_
4. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-ko.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, UN_
5. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: US President George W. Bush has said he will urge Israel to avoid civilian casualties in its attacks on Lebanon, but he's "not going to make military decisions for Israel". ](/news/2006/07/14/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-us-president-george-w-bush-has-said-he-will-urge-israel-to-avoid-civilian-casualties-in-its-attacks-on-lebano.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel, Lebanon_
6. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis: Haifa city is hit by rocket artillery fired from Lebanon. Israeli Ambassador to the US Daniel Ayalon describes the unprecedented strike on Haifa as a "major, major escalation" by Hezbollah. ](/news/2006/07/13/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-p-haifa-city-is-hit-by-rocket-artillery-fired-from-lebanon-israeli-ambassador-to-the-us-daniel-ayalon-describes.md) _Context: 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis, Israel, Lebanon_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
9. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
10. [A 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. ](/news/2014/08/1/a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-the-un-and-usa-which-began-at-08-00-falls-apart-with-each-side-accusing-the-other-party-of-breaching-the-cea.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
