### [2013-04-3](/news/2013/04/3/index.md)

# In the U.S. state of West Virginia, a sheriff is shot and killed in Mingo County. 

WILLIAMSON, W.Va. -- The newly elected Mingo County sheriff, intent on cleaning up the county&#39;s drug problem, was gunned down at midday Wednesday in downtown Williamson.


### Source:

1. [The Charleston Gazette](http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201304030091)

### Related:

1. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia, where Republican Karen Handel is in a close race with Democratic challenger Jon Ossoff. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-where-republican-karen-handel-is-in-a-close-race.md) _Context: U.S. state_
2. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
3. [The Kanawha County sheriff's office reports the death toll is now 26--three more victims  were found overnight. It is the third-deadliest flood in West Virginia history.  ](/news/2016/06/25/the-kanawha-county-sheriff-s-office-reports-the-death-toll-is-now-26athree-more-victims-were-found-overnight-it-is-the-third-deadliest-f.md) _Context: West Virginia_
4. [West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in  Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/24/west-virginia-police-report-powerful-flash-floods-last-night-killed-at-least-26-people-and-swept-away-a-toddler-from-ravenswood-up-to-10-in.md) _Context: West Virginia_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016, Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic  and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-state-of-west-virginia-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: West Virginia_
6. [Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with   former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard.  ](/news/2016/03/19/two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-road-to-the-phoenix-suburb-of-fountain-hills-arizo.md) _Context: sheriff_
7. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: U.S. state_
8. [An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: U.S. state_
9. [Standard & Poor's reaches settlements totaling $1.5 billion with the U.S. Justice Department and several U.S. states for inflating ratings on subprime mortgage bonds in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis. ](/news/2015/02/3/standard-poor-s-reaches-settlements-totaling-1-5-billion-with-the-u-s-justice-department-and-several-u-s-states-for-inflating-ratings-o.md) _Context: U.S. state_
10. [The United States Federal Government recognizes same-sex marriage in Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia and Wyoming, bringing the total number of states with recognition of gay marriage to 32. ](/news/2014/10/25/the-united-states-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-alaska-arizona-idaho-north-carolina-west-virginia-and-wyoming-brin.md) _Context: West Virginia_
