### [2013-04-3](/news/2013/04/3/index.md)

# In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Malaga secures a 0-0 draw against Borussia Dortmund while Real Madrid beats Galatasaray S.K. 3-0. 

Borussia Dortmund waste a clutch of good chances as they are held to a goalless draw at Malaga in the Champions League.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/22005533)
2. [UEFA](http://www.uefa.com/uefachampionsleague/season=2013/matches/round=2000349/match=2009601/index.html)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals:Borussia Dortmund score twice against Malaga in a dramatic period of injury time and wins 3-2, securing the semi-final berth. The British match officials are lambasted for their incompetence, with replays showing that at least two of the game's goals - including the winner - were scored illegally. ](/news/2013/04/9/2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-pborussia-dortmund-score-twice-against-ma-laga-in-a-dramatic-period-of-injury-time-and-wins-3.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Borussia Dortmund, Málaga_
2. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Borussia Dortmund, Real Madrid_
3. [Fallout of Manchester United v. Real Madrid:UEFA backs Turkish referee Cuneyt Cakir over his controversial decision to red card Manchester United's Nani in last night's elimination by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) at the feet of Real Madrid in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie at Old Trafford. ](/news/2013/03/6/fallout-of-manchester-united-v-real-madrid-puefa-backs-turkish-referee-ca1-4neyt-aaka-r-over-his-controversial-decision-to-red-card-manchest.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, semi-finals_
4. [Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. ](/news/2013/03/5/real-madrid-defeat-manchester-united-by-a-2a1-scoreline-3a2-on-aggregate-in-the-second-leg-of-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-la.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, semi-finals_
5. [Germany's Bayern Munich and Spain's Malaga reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals defeating Arsenal and Porto on aggregate respectively. ](/news/2013/03/13/germany-s-bayern-munich-and-spain-s-ma-laga-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-defeating-arsenal-and-porto-on-aggregate-re.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Málaga, semi-finals_
6. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Galatasaray S.K., semi-finals_
7. [UEFA announces the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League Round of 16 draw. Barcelona will face Milan while Real Madrid will play Manchester United. ](/news/2012/12/20/uefa-announces-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-round-of-16-draw-barcelona-will-face-milan-while-real-madrid-will-play-manchester-united.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, semi-finals_
8. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Paris Saint-Germain secures a 2-2 draw against Barcelona while Bayern Munich beats Juventus 2-0. ](/news/2013/04/2/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-paris-saint-germain-secures-a-2a2-draw-against-barcelona-while-bayern-munich-beats.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
9. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
10. [AC Milan defeat FC Barcelona 2-0 in the first leg of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League round of 16, while Galatasaray S.K. and FC Schalke 04 draw 1-1. ](/news/2013/02/20/ac-milan-defeat-fc-barcelona-2a0-in-the-first-leg-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-round-of-16-while-galatasaray-s-k-and-fc-schalk.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, semi-finals_
