### [2013-04-3](/news/2013/04/3/index.md)

# In the U.S. state of West Virginia, a sheriff is shot and killed in Mingo County. [http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201304030091 "(The Charleston Gazette)"]




### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: U.S. state_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
3. [Puerto Rican status referendum, 2017. With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/puerto-rican-status-referendum-2017-with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become.md) _Context: U.S. state_
4. [2016 West Virginia flood. The Kanawha County sheriff's office reports the death toll is now 26-three more victims were found overnight. It is the third-deadliest flood in West Virginia history. ](/news/2016/06/25/2016-west-virginia-flood-the-kanawha-county-sheriff-s-office-reports-the-death-toll-is-now-26-three-more-victims-were-found-overnight-it.md) _Context: West Virginia_
5. [2016 West Virginia flood. West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/24/2016-west-virginia-flood-west-virginia-police-report-powerful-flash-floods-last-night-killed-at-least-26-people-and-swept-away-a-toddler-fr.md) _Context: West Virginia_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016. United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016. Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: West Virginia_
7. [Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard. ](/news/2016/03/19/republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-roa.md) _Context: sheriff_
8. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state-s House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying -Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-state-s-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: U.S. state_
9. [Ferguson unrest. An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/ferguson-unrest-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: U.S. state_
10. [Standard & Poor's reaches settlements totaling $1.5 billion with the U.S. Justice Department and several U.S. states for inflating ratings on subprime mortgage bonds in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis. ](/news/2015/02/3/standard-poor-s-reaches-settlements-totaling-1-5-billion-with-the-u-s-justice-department-and-several-u-s-states-for-inflating-ratings-o.md) _Context: U.S. state_
