### [2013-04-3](/news/2013/04/3/index.md)

# South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS "John McCain" and USS "Decatur" into the area. 

South Korean workers denied entry to Kaesong joint border complex for second day amid escalating tensions.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/north-korea-approves-nuclear-strike-on-us/article10735512/)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2013/04/20134304954907439.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22011207)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/03/us-korea-north-guam-idUSBRE9320YQ20130403)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2013/4/4/2013449124818734_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country-defect-en-masse-to-south-korea-according-to-seoul-s-ministry.md) _Context: Ministry of Unification, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: Ministry of Unification, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-short-range-missiles-into-the-ocean-to-the-east-of-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stating-that-the-exercise-could-jeopardize.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/a-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increased-activity-is-detec.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
7. [North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-activities-some-prote.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-korea-seeks-to-open-di.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2013/04/12/south-korea-s-defense-ministry-says-it-doubts-north-korea-has-the-ability-to-launch-a-nuclear-armed-ballistic-missile-as-claimed-in-a-report.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
10. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
