### [2016-03-14](/news/2016/03/14/index.md)

# March 2016 Ankara bombing: Turkey-s Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. 

Turkey begins operations against PKK Kurdish rebels at home and in Iraq, a day after a suicide car bomb in Ankara killed at least 37 people.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35799998)
2. [Fox  News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/03/14/kurdish-militants-blamed-for-turkey-bombing-that-killed-at-least-37.html)
3. [News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/travel/travel-updates/incidents/27-dead-as-explosion-rocks-turkey/news-story/9bc111dee645f531a86a05b87335ef66)

### Related:

1. [March 2016 Ankara bombing: An explosion occurs in central Ankara, Turkey, with at least 34 people killed and 125 wounded. ](/news/2016/03/13/march-2016-ankara-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-central-ankara-turkey-with-at-least-34-people-killed-and-125-wounded.md) _Context: Ankara, March 2016 Ankara bombing, Turkey_
2. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident: Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
3. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambass.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
4. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
5. [2015 Ankara bombings: Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group - based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border - is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. ](/news/2015/10/28/2015-ankara-bombings-ankara-s-chief-prosecutor-s-office-says-it-has-strong-evidence-that-an-islamic-state-group-based-in-gaziantep-n.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
6. [2015 Ankara bombings: Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK. ](/news/2015/10/10/2015-ankara-bombings-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400.md) _Context: Ankara, Turkey_
7. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Suruc bombing: A huge explosion in the mostly Kurdish border town of Suruc, Turkey, targeting The Socialist Youth Associations Federation, kills at least 31 people and injures over 100. Preliminary evidence suggests an ISIS suicide attack. ](/news/2015/07/20/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-suruass-bombing-a-huge-explosion-in-the-mostly-kurdish-border-town-of-suruass-turkey-targeting-the-socia.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Hundreds of Syrian refugees return from Turkey to the border town of Tell Abyad after the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant are expelled by Kurdish People's Protection Units. ](/news/2015/06/22/syrian-civil-war-hundreds-of-syrian-refugees-return-from-turkey-to-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-after-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-le.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Thousands of Syrians flee into Turkey as Kurdish fighters come closer to capturing the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/06/14/syrian-civil-war-thousands-of-syrians-flee-into-turkey-as-kurdish-fighters-come-closer-to-capturing-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-isla.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
10. [Simultaneous explosions occur at local offices of the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party headquarters in the southern Turkish cities of Adana and Mersin. ](/news/2015/05/18/simultaneous-explosions-occur-at-local-offices-of-the-pro-kurdish-people-s-democratic-party-headquarters-in-the-southern-turkish-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
