### [2016-03-14](/news/2016/03/14/index.md)

# Russian President Vladimir Putin orders Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu to start the withdrawal of Russian Armed Forces from Syria, saying during a meeting with Shoygu, "I consider the objectives that have been set for the Defense Ministry to be generally accomplished. That is why I order to start withdrawal of the main part of our military group from the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic starting from tomorrow." 

Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu to start the withdrawal of forces from Syria starting Tuesday. Russia will however keep a military presence at the port of Tartus and at the Khmeimim airbase to observe ceasefire agreements.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35807689)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/335554-putin-orders-syria-withdrawal/)
2. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2016.03/article/56e6fa70c4618842228b45ef.jpg)

### Related:

1. [For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-missiles-launched-from-a-kilo-cla.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Russian military intervention, Sergey Shoygu, Syria_
2. [ The Russian Defence Ministry says six Russian bombers hit ISIL positions in Syria's Deir ez-Zor Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-russian-defence-ministry-says-six-russian-bombers-hit-isil-positions-in-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-governorate.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Russian military intervention, Syria_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Syria, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Syria, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Syria, Vladimir Putin_
6. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Syria_
7. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Russian Defence Ministry, Syria_
