### [2016-03-14](/news/2016/03/14/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A United Arab Emirates Air Force fighter jet crashes in a mountainous area near the southern Yemeni city of Aden, killing both pilots. 

Two Emirati pilots were killed when their jet crashed during a mission against Houthi rebels in Yemen, the Saudi-led coalition says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35800511)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: Aden, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used.md) _Context: Aden, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: An air raid kills at least 24 civilians at a market in Houthi-held Saada Governorate, Yemen. ](/news/2017/06/18/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-an-air-raid-kills-at-least-24-civilians-at-a-market-in-houthi-held-saada-governorate-yemen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilian.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): December 2016 Aden suicide bombing: A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
