### [2015-01-19](/news/2015/01/19/index.md)

# Argentine federal prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who had accused President Cristina Kirchner of covering up Iranian links to the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in order to open up trade with Iran, dies of a gunshot wound to the head with the type of death still undetermined. 

An Argentine prosecutor was found dead just hours before giving what was expected to be damning testimony against President Cristina Kirchner, in what appears to have been a suicide, officials said. The body of Alberto Nisman, 51, who had received threats, was found overnight in his 13th-floor apartment


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/argentine-prosecutor-accused-kirchner-found-dead-media-081022005.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/GrS4vOI_TCos1u9iG4S31g--/aD04NDQ7dz0xNDU0O3NtPTE7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/http://media.zenfs.com/en_us/News/afp.com/Part-MVD-Mvd6659563-1-1-0.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The investigator into the death of Argentinian prosecutor Alberto Nisman states that Nisman had drafted a request that President Cristina Fernandez be arrested for allegedly attempting to derail his investigation of the 1994 AMIA bombing that killed 85 people. ](/news/2015/02/3/the-investigator-into-the-death-of-argentinian-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-states-that-nisman-had-drafted-a-request-that-president-cristina-fe.md) _Context: AMIA bombing, Alberto Nisman, President of Argentina_
2. [President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner of Argentina successfully undergoes surgery to remove a subdural hematoma. Presidential duties will be carried out by Vice President Amado Boudou for the duration of Kirchner's estimated month-long recovery. ](/news/2013/10/9/president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-of-argentina-successfully-undergoes-surgery-to-remove-a-subdural-hematoma-presidential-duties-will.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
3. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his-s.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
4. [The President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner temporarily hands over power to her Vice-President Amado Boudou ahead of surgery for thyroid cancer. ](/news/2012/01/4/the-president-of-argentina-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-temporarily-hands-over-power-to-her-vice-president-amado-boudou-ahead-of-surgery-f.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
5. [Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner is sworn as President of Argentina in a second consecutive mandate. ](/news/2011/12/10/cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-is-sworn-as-president-of-argentina-in-a-second-consecutive-mandate.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
6. [Voters in Argentina go to the polls for a general election, with exit polls showing the President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner being reelected in a landslide. ](/news/2011/10/23/voters-in-argentina-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-exit-polls-showing-the-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-being-reele.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
7. [ Argentina's association football championship kicks off after President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner puts it on the state payroll to avoid a financial crisis. ](/news/2009/08/21/argentina-s-association-football-championship-kicks-off-after-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-puts-it-on-the-state-payroll-to-avoi.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
8. [ At a meeting in Caracas, Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez and Argentine President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner sign agreements expanding trade between their two countries. ](/news/2009/08/12/at-a-meeting-in-caracas-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-and-argentine-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-sign-agreements-expanding.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
9. [ Argentine general election, 2007: Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner is elected President of Argentina. ](/news/2007/10/29/argentine-general-election-2007-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-is-elected-president-of-argentina.md) _Context: Cristina Kirchner, President of Argentina_
10. [ Argentine prosecutors formally charge the Iranian government and the Lebanese militia Hezbollah over the 1994 bombing of a Jewish centre which killed 85 people. ](/news/2006/10/25/argentine-prosecutors-formally-charge-the-iranian-government-and-the-lebanese-militia-hezbollah-over-the-1994-bombing-of-a-jewish-centre-wh.md) _Context: AMIA bombing, Iran_
