
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.json)  [XML](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.xml)  

### [2005-08-25](/news/2005/08/25/index.md)

##### Arab-Israeli conflict
#  Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http:--menewsline.com-stories-2005-august-08_29_1.html MENL])




### Changes:

1. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http:--menewsline.com-stories-2005-august-08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetn.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)]: Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)]: Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http:--menewsline.com-stories-2005-august-08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/arab-israeli-conflict-two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-s.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http:--menewsline.com-stories-2005-august-08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Iranian lawmakers protesting at Israel's blockade of Gaza say they will travel to the area on an aid ship from Lebanon. ](/news/2010/06/26/iranian-lawmakers-protesting-at-israel-s-blockade-of-gaza-say-they-will-travel-to-the-area-on-an-aid-ship-from-lebanon.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran, Israel, Lebanon_
2. [ Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-court-in-sderot-more-than-fifteen-rockets-land-in-israeli-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
3. [ The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.](/news/2006/06/18/the-israeli-town-of-sderot-shuts-down-for-24-hours-in-protest-of-continuing-qassam-rocket-attacks-more-than-six-hundred-qassam-rockets-wer.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
4. [A Palestinian sniper kills a Bedouin laborer who was repairing the Israeli fence surrounding Gaza; following this, the Israeli Military attacked targets in Gaza with airstrikes and ground forces, killing at least one Palestinian three-year-old child and wounding several others.](/news/2013/12/24/a-palestinian-sniper-kills-a-bedouin-laborer-who-was-repairing-the-israeli-fence-surrounding-gaza-following-this-the-israeli-military-atta.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Gaza-Israel clashes continue as Palestinian militants fire more Qassam rockets into Israel overnight. 2 people are killed, including a militant, and 25 are injured during Israeli Air Force strikes on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2012/03/12/gaza-israel-clashes-continue-as-palestinian-militants-fire-more-qassam-rockets-into-israel-overnight-2-people-are-killed-including-a-milit.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
