### [2010-08-14](/news/2010/08/14/index.md)

# European politicians, including Jean-Marie Le Pen and Adam Walker, visit Yasukuni Shrine in Chiyoda, Tokyo; visits to this shrine have traditionally been a sensitive point in international politics between Japan, Korea, and China. 

British and Japanese ultranationalists will shrug off protests from war veterans in an unlikely show of solidarity at a controversial Tokyo memorial today, on the 65th anniversary of Japan&#039;s surrender in the Second World War.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-10973225)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/far-right-pays-tribute-to-japans-war-heroes-2052329.html)

### Related:

1. [An explosion at Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead in Tokyo damages the ceiling and a wall of a public bathroom near the shrine-s southern entrance. No one was injured. ](/news/2015/11/23/an-explosion-at-japan-s-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-for-the-war-dead-in-tokyo-damages-the-ceiling-and-a-wall-of-a-public-bathroom-near-the.md) _Context: Tokyo, Yasukuni Shrine_
2. [The Kyodo news agency reports that the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo that could complicate relations with China and South Korea. ](/news/2014/10/17/the-kyodo-news-agency-reports-that-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sent-a-ritual-offering-to-the-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-in-tok.md) _Context: Tokyo, Yasukuni Shrine_
3. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-b.md) _Context: Tokyo_
4. [Tokyo, Japan, gubernatorial election, 2016. Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/tokyo-japan-gubernatorial-election-2016-yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-electe.md) _Context: Tokyo_
5. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Tokyo_
6. [North Korea-United Kingdom relations. Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/north-korea-united-kingdom-relations-rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expe.md) _Context: Tokyo_
7. [Japan-United States relations. Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/japan-united-states-relations-thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-o.md) _Context: Tokyo_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Tokyo_
9. [Australia-Japan relations. In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Tokyo_
10. [Japanese anti-militarism protests. Students and activists protest in Tokyo against a proposal to amend Japan's pacifist constitution. ](/news/2015/08/30/japanese-anti-militarism-protests-students-and-activists-protest-in-tokyo-against-a-proposal-to-amend-japan-s-pacifist-constitution.md) _Context: Tokyo_
