### [2010-08-14](/news/2010/08/14/index.md)

# Release of Uri Brodsky:Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with  the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. 

Uri Brodsky released on bail following his extradition from Poland to Germany on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/08/2010814165442266646.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/suspected-mossad-agent-lands-in-israel-after-released-in-germany-1.308057)

### Related:

1. [Germany allows suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, connected of the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, to go free after his recent extradition from Poland. ](/news/2010/08/13/germany-allows-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-connected-of-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-to-go-free-after-his-recent-extrad.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Uri Brodsky, the assassination_
2. [Poland extradites Israeli citizen and suspected spy Uri Brodsky to Germany to face charges of being involved in the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/12/poland-extradites-israeli-citizen-and-suspected-spy-uri-brodsky-to-germany-to-face-charges-of-being-involved-in-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mab.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Uri Brodsky, the assassination_
3. [Israeli Uri Brodsky, suspected of assisting the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, is permitted to be extradited from Poland to Germany. ](/news/2010/07/7/israeli-uri-brodsky-suspected-of-assisting-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-is-permitted-to-be-extradited-from-poland-to-g.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
4. [Poland detains a wanted man it says is the Israeli Mossad spy who used a German passport in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, while Germany seeks his extradition. ](/news/2010/06/12/poland-detains-a-wanted-man-it-says-is-the-israeli-mossad-spy-who-used-a-german-passport-in-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-while-g.md) _Context: German, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
5. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
6. [In response to the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Dubai's police chief states that travelers suspected of being Israeli will not be allowed into the United Arab Emirates even if they arrive with passports issued by other countries. ](/news/2010/03/1/in-response-to-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-dubai-s-police-chief-states-that-travelers-suspected-of-being-israeli-will-not-be-al.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, United Arab Emirates, the assassination_
7. [Assassination of Hamas official in Dubai:Two more fake Irish passports are identified by the United Arab Emirates as being involved in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, a senior Hamas official in Dubai, bringing the current total to seven. ](/news/2010/02/23/assassination-of-hamas-official-in-dubai-ptwo-more-fake-irish-passports-are-identified-by-the-united-arab-emirates-as-being-involved-in-the.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, United Arab Emirates, the assassination_
8. [Mossad announces an intention to apologize to Britain for using fake British passports during the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January 2010. ](/news/2010/12/25/mossad-announces-an-intention-to-apologize-to-britain-for-using-fake-british-passports-during-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dub.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
9. [A Polish appellate court upholds the decision of a lower court to extradite an alleged Mossad agent to Germany to face trial for forging a passport used in the slaying of Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/5/a-polish-appellate-court-upholds-the-decision-of-a-lower-court-to-extradite-an-alleged-mossad-agent-to-germany-to-face-trial-for-forging-a-p.md) _Context: Dubai, German, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh_
10. [Assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh:Police in Dubai order an arrest warrant for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the head of Mossad in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/03/2/assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-ppolice-in-dubai-order-an-arrest-warrant-for-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-head-of-m.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
