### [2010-08-14](/news/2010/08/14/index.md)

# Spain extradites Rifat Hadziahmetovic, an alleged member of the Pink Panthers, to Japan in relation to a 2007 jewel robbery in Tokyo. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10974366)

### Related:

1. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Japan, Spain, Tokyo_
2. [ The International Olympic Committee releases a shortlist of 2016 Summer Olympics bids consisting of Chicago, United States; Tokyo, Japan; Madrid, Spain; and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. ](/news/2008/06/4/the-international-olympic-committee-releases-a-shortlist-of-2016-summer-olympics-bids-consisting-of-chicago-united-states-tokyo-japan-m.md) _Context: Japan, Spain, Tokyo_
3. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-b.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
4. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
5. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Japan, Spain_
6. [Japan-United States relations: Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/japan-united-states-relations-thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-o.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Japan-North Korea relations: Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
8. [Australia-Japan relations: In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
9. [An explosion at Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead in Tokyo damages the ceiling and a wall of a public bathroom near the shrine-s southern entrance. No one was injured. ](/news/2015/11/23/an-explosion-at-japan-s-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-for-the-war-dead-in-tokyo-damages-the-ceiling-and-a-wall-of-a-public-bathroom-near-the.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
10. [Japanese anti-militarism protests: Students and activists protest in Tokyo against a proposal to amend Japan's pacifist constitution. ](/news/2015/08/30/japanese-anti-militarism-protests-students-and-activists-protest-in-tokyo-against-a-proposal-to-amend-japan-s-pacifist-constitution.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
