### [2010-08-14](/news/2010/08/14/index.md)

# The United Nations states Niger faces its worst hunger crisis in history, worse than 2005 when thousands of people were left to starve to death. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''San Jose Mercury News](http://www.mercurynews.com/nation-world/ci_15778867?nclick_check=1)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-10976093)

### Related:

1. [7 United Nations peacekeepers from Niger are killed in an ambush in Ivory Coast. ](/news/2012/06/8/7-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-niger-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Niger, United Nations_
2. [Niger faces total crop failure worse than that of 2005, according to United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator John Holmes. ](/news/2010/04/28/niger-faces-total-crop-failure-worse-than-that-of-2005-according-to-united-nations-under-secretary-general-for-humanitarian-affairs-and-eme.md) _Context: Niger, United Nations_
3. [ The United Nations Children's Fund claims that a meningitis epidemic in Nigeria, Niger, Burkina Faso, and Mali has killed 931 people since January 2009. ](/news/2009/03/11/the-united-nations-children-s-fund-claims-that-a-meningitis-epidemic-in-nigeria-niger-burkina-faso-and-mali-has-killed-931-people-since.md) _Context: Niger, United Nations_
4. [ United Nations special envoy to Niger Robert Fowler and Canadian diplomat Louis Guay are reported to be missing in Niger. ](/news/2008/12/16/united-nations-special-envoy-to-niger-robert-fowler-and-canadian-diplomat-louis-guay-are-reported-to-be-missing-in-niger.md) _Context: Niger, United Nations_
5. [ The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs appeals for $16 million for food aid to Niger where drought and locust swarms destroyed part of the crop last year. ](/news/2005/05/19/the-un-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-appeals-for-16-million-for-food-aid-to-niger-where-drought-and-locust-swarms-de.md) _Context: Niger, United Nations_
6. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
