### [2010-11-17](/news/2010/11/17/index.md)

# A study published by "The Lancet" medical journal describes how short blasts of radio waves to the kidney may help regulate blood pressure. 

A short blast of radio waves to the kidneys can help control high blood pressure in patients who do not respond to medication, a study shows.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-11764730)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Results, published in "The Lancet" medical journal, of the WOMAN (World Maternal Antifibrinolytic) international study that began in 2010, finds use of a cheap and widely available drug, tranexamic acid (Lysteda in the U.S. and Australia), could save the lives of thousands of women who die in childbirth from excessive bleeding. The medication is already in use for blood loss from major trauma, surgery, tooth removal, nose bleeds, and heavy menstruation. ](/news/2017/04/26/results-published-in-the-lancet-medical-journal-of-the-woman-world-maternal-antifibrinolytic-international-study-that-began-in-2010-f.md) _Context: The Lancet_
2. [Swiss research, published in the medical journal "The Lancet", found that paracetamol -- sold as Tylenol and as a generic, acetaminophen, in the United States -- was not effective at reducing pain or improving movement in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip. The analysis examined 74 randomly-selected trials published between 1980 and 2015 with 58,556 patients who had osteoarthritis. The study did find the prescription drug diclofenac, sold in the U.S. as Cataflam or Voltaren, is the most effective NSAID available. McNeil Consumer Healthcare, the makers of Tylenol, disagree with the study's conclusions. ](/news/2016/03/18/swiss-research-published-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-found-that-paracetamol-sold-as-tylenol-and-as-a-generic-acetaminophen-in.md) _Context: The Lancet_
3. [Researchers at University College London report in "The Lancet" that an annual blood test could help reduce women's risk of dying from ovarian cancer by about 20 percent. ](/news/2015/12/17/researchers-at-university-college-london-report-in-the-lancet-that-an-annual-blood-test-could-help-reduce-women-s-risk-of-dying-from-ovari.md) _Context: The Lancet_
4. [Surgeons, led by Dr. Jesse Selber, working with the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, in a 15-hour, 12-doctor operation, perform the world's first partial-skull and scalp transplant, at Houston Methodist Hospital, on 55-year-old Jim Boysten, a software developer from Austin, Texas suffering from a large head wound from cancer treatment; immediately afterward, he was finally able to receive a new kidney and pancreas, which replaced the previous transplants that were failing. ](/news/2015/06/4/surgeons-led-by-dr-jesse-selber-working-with-the-m-d-anderson-cancer-center-in-a-15-hour-12-doctor-operation-perform-the-world-s-firs.md) _Context: kidney_
5. [A study in the medical journal "The Lancet" states that babies who are breastfed were more likely to have higher IQs, spend more time in school, and end up in higher-paying jobs. ](/news/2015/03/18/a-study-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-states-that-babies-who-are-breastfed-were-more-likely-to-have-higher-iqs-spend-more-time-in-sch.md) _Context: The Lancet_
6. [A report sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and published online by "the Lancet" finds that 30% of the world's population is overweight or obese. ](/news/2014/05/29/a-report-sponsored-by-the-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-and-published-online-by-the-lancet-finds-that-30-of-the-world-s-population-is-o.md) _Context: The Lancet_
7. [A new study published in "The Lancet" finds that up to 90 per cent of school-leavers in Asia's major cities are suffering from myopia, or short-sightedness and that 10 to 20 per cent have high myopia, which can lead to blindness. ](/news/2012/05/4/a-new-study-published-in-the-lancet-finds-that-up-to-90-per-cent-of-school-leavers-in-asia-s-major-cities-are-suffering-from-myopia-or-sh.md) _Context: The Lancet_
8. [A series of studies published by Palestinian scientists in "The Lancet" claims that Israel's blockade of the Gaza Strip threatens to cause long-term health damage, malnutrition and stunted growth in children. ](/news/2010/07/2/a-series-of-studies-published-by-palestinian-scientists-in-the-lancet-claims-that-israel-s-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-threatens-to-cause-l.md) _Context: The Lancet_
9. ["The Lancet" medical journal issues a full retraction of a paper that caused a 12-year international controversy over alleged links between the MMR vaccine and autism. ](/news/2010/02/2/the-lancet-medical-journal-issues-a-full-retraction-of-a-paper-that-caused-a-12-year-international-controversy-over-alleged-links-between.md) _Context: The Lancet_
10. [ "The Lancet" accuses Pope Benedict XVI of "distorting...science" in his argument against the use of condoms. ](/news/2009/03/27/the-lancet-accuses-pope-benedict-xvi-of-distorting-science-in-his-argument-against-the-use-of-condoms.md) _Context: The Lancet_
