### [2010-11-17](/news/2010/11/17/index.md)

# A United States bankruptcy judge orders Bank of America to return $500 million it seized from the bank accounts of the defunct Lehman Brothers trading firm a few weeks before Lehman declared bankruptcy in 2008. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-10-21/lehman-bankruptcy-judge-says-he-never-approved-final-barclays-sale-papers.html)

### Related:

1. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Bank of America, US$, United States_
2. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: US$, United States_
3. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$, United States_
4. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: US$, United States_
5. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America, US$_
6. [Rite Aid, one of the largest chains of pharmacies in the United States, announces that it is purchasing EnvisionRx, a pharmacy benefits manager, from TPG Capital, for $2 billion. ](/news/2015/02/11/rite-aid-one-of-the-largest-chains-of-pharmacies-in-the-united-states-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-envisionrx-a-pharmacy-benefits-mana.md) _Context: US$, United States_
7. [The United States fines the Indian pharmaceutical company Ranbaxy Laboratories US$500 million after they are found guilty of selling adulterated drugs to the United States. ](/news/2013/05/14/the-united-states-fines-the-indian-pharmaceutical-company-ranbaxy-laboratories-us-500-million-after-they-are-found-guilty-of-selling-adulter.md) _Context: US$, United States_
8. [The United States' largest bank, Bank of America, is surpassed by JPMorgan Chase in total assets, according to Bank of America's quarterly financial earnings report. ](/news/2011/10/19/the-united-states-largest-bank-bank-of-america-is-surpassed-by-jpmorgan-chase-in-total-assets-according-to-bank-of-america-s-quarterly-f.md) _Context: Bank of America, United States_
9. [The People's Republic of China's only ratings house that grades sovereign entities, the Dagong Global Credit Rating Company, states that the United States is already defaulting on its debt by allowing the U.S. dollar to devalue against other currencies, diminishing the wealth of China as a U.S. creditor. ](/news/2011/06/10/the-people-s-republic-of-china-s-only-ratings-house-that-grades-sovereign-entities-the-dagong-global-credit-rating-company-states-that-the.md) _Context: US$, United States_
10. [ Russia will supply US$1 billion of uranium to civilian nuclear reactors in the United States. ](/news/2009/05/27/russia-will-supply-us-1-billion-of-uranium-to-civilian-nuclear-reactors-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: US$, United States_
