### [2010-11-17](/news/2010/11/17/index.md)

# Senator Lisa Murkowski wins the Alaska senate  election becoming the first successful write-in candidate to be elected since 1954. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDefault/8ef5320729ce4298abefc1903704c7d5/Article_2010-11-17-US-Alaska-Senate/id-b69c9de2cd7843f984f031d8d1220a18)

### Related:

1. [Governor Frank H. Murkowski of Alaska announced that he had chosen his daughter, state Representative and House Majority Leader Lisa Murkowski, to succeed him in the United States Senate.  The elder Murkowski, in winning the recent election as governor, was forced to leave his Senate position.](/news/2002/12/20/governor-frank-h-murkowski-of-alaska-announced-that-he-had-chosen-his-daughter-state-representative-and-house-majority-leader-lisa-murkows.md) _Context: Lisa Murkowski, senators_
2. [U.S. senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/u-s-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-its-drug-wa.md) _Context: senators_
3. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: senators_
4. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: senators_
5. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: senators_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: senators_
7. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: senators_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.  ](/news/2017/02/7/the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary-of-education.md) _Context: senators_
9. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: senators_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms, 51-49, Congressman Mick Mulvaney to head the Office of Management and Budget. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-senate-confirms-51-49-congressman-mick-mulvaney-to-head-the-office-of-management-and-budget.md) _Context: senators_
