### [2008-10-15](/news/2008/10/15/index.md)

#  2008 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Omar strengthens to a Category 3 hurricane as it nears the United States and United States Virgin Islands. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=6039956)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States, hurricane_
2. [Hurricane Earl moves away from the Leeward Islands towards the east coast of the United States with a hurricane watch issued for most of the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2010/08/31/hurricane-earl-moves-away-from-the-leeward-islands-towards-the-east-coast-of-the-united-states-with-a-hurricane-watch-issued-for-most-of-the.md) _Context: United States, hurricane_
3. [ Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http://www.theage.com.au/world/hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-http-www-theage-com-au.md) _Context: 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, United States_
4. [ Hurricane Ike becomes the fifth hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, later strengthening to Category 3. ](/news/2008/09/3/hurricane-ike-becomes-the-fifth-hurricane-of-the-2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-later-strengthening-to-category-3.md) _Context: 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, hurricane_
5. [ 2008 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Kyle strengthens into Hurricane Kyle with predictions that it will make landfall in the New England region of the United States or Canada's Maritime Provinces on Sunday. ](/news/2008/09/27/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-kyle-strengthens-into-hurricane-kyle-with-predictions-that-it-will-make-landfall-in-the-new.md) _Context: 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, United States_
6. [ 2008 Atlantic Hurricane season: The Governor of Florida Charlie Crist declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Fay is due to hit Florida on Monday, possibly at hurricane strength. ](/news/2008/08/16/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-governor-of-florida-charlie-crist-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-fay-is-due-to-hit-flo.md) _Context: 2008 Atlantic hurricane season, hurricane_
7. [ The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issues its forecast for an above-normal 2007 Atlantic hurricane season with 13 to 17 named storms, 7 to 10 hurricanes and 3 to 5 major hurricanes. ](/news/2007/05/22/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-issues-its-forecast-for-an-above-normal-2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-with-13-to.md) _Context: United States, hurricane_
8. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
