### [2008-08-9](/news/2008/08/9/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia War: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. 

Russia accused Georgia on Saturday of seeking bloody adventures by trying to retake its breakaway region of South Ossetia and defended its own military campaign to stop it.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hV2N6fVKS5slf10A13Dj_uIdaZ4QD92EO4000)
2. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/georgia_south_ossetia)
3. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7550354.stm)
4. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7550804.stm)
5. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7551576.stm)
6. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7551595.stm)
7. [RIAN](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20080809/115917652.html)
8. [RIA](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20080809/115914161.html)
9. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL768040420080809?pageNumber=2&virtualBrandChannel=0)
10. [The Local](http://www.thelocal.se/13596/20080809/)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Colonel Ivan Petrik, chief of staff of the Russian ground force in South Ossetia, is confirmed dead from wounds he suffered in the Friday blast in Tskhinvali.](/news/2008/10/4/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-colonel-ivan-petrik-chief-of-staff-of-the-russian-ground-force-in-south-ossetia-is-confirmed-dead-from-wounds-he.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Russia, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
3. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/08/25/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-the-federation-council-of-russia-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-urges-the-president-to-recognise-the-in.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia_
6. [ 2008 South Ossetian War: Georgian troops are forced to withdraw from Tskhinvali, the capital of South Ossetia by Russian army. ](/news/2008/08/10/2008-south-ossetian-war-p-georgian-troops-are-forced-to-withdraw-from-tskhinvali-the-capital-of-south-ossetia-by-russian-army.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia, Tskhinvali_
7. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its ''de facto'' independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia_
8. [Georgia accuses Russia of violating its sovereignty by placing border markers on the edge of the South Ossetia region, leaving part of an international oil pipeline in territory under Russian control. The area was the site of the Russo-Georgian war in 2008. ](/news/2015/07/13/georgia-accuses-russia-of-violating-its-sovereignty-by-placing-border-markers-on-the-edge-of-the-south-ossetia-region-leaving-part-of-an-in.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia_
9. [The International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague dismisses by 10-6 Georgia's accusation that Russia and separatist rebels engaged in ethnic cleansing in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2011/04/1/the-international-court-of-justice-icj-in-the-hague-dismisses-by-10-6-georgia-s-accusation-that-russia-and-separatist-rebels-engaged-in-et.md) _Context: Georgia, Russia, South Ossetia_
10. [Russian troops withdraw from the Georgian border town of Perevi and are replaced by a Georgian Army unit. Perevi is located just outside South Ossetia, and had been occupied since the 2008 war. ](/news/2010/10/19/russian-troops-withdraw-from-the-georgian-border-town-of-perevi-and-are-replaced-by-a-georgian-army-unit-perevi-is-located-just-outside-sou.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, South Ossetia_
