### [2003-03-2](/news/2003/03/2/index.md)

#  French president Jacques Chirac starts a three-day visit to the former French colony Algeria. It is the first visit of a French president to Algeria at the highest ceremonial level.




### Related:

1. [Voter turnout is predicted to be low as Algerians go to the polls to elect members of the People's National Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/4/voter-turnout-is-predicted-to-be-low-as-algerians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-the-people-s-national-assembly.md) _Context: Algeria_
2. [Nigerien authorities discover the bodies of 34 migrants, mostly children, left behind in the Sahara desert by people smugglers who were taking them to Algeria and then to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/16/nigerien-authorities-discover-the-bodies-of-34-migrants-mostly-children-left-behind-in-the-sahara-desert-by-people-smugglers-who-were-taki.md) _Context: Algeria_
3. [At least 12 Algerian Army soldiers are killed in a military helicopter crash near the town of Reggane, in Algeria's southern Adrar Province. ](/news/2016/03/27/at-least-12-algerian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-military-helicopter-crash-near-the-town-of-reggane-in-algeria-s-southern-adrar-province.md) _Context: Algeria_
4. [German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planning-terror-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Algeria_
5. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Algeria_
6. [Islamist militants kill two Tunisian soldiers and injure four others who were seeking to free a man kidnapped in a mountainous area near the border with Algeria. ](/news/2015/10/12/islamist-militants-kill-two-tunisian-soldiers-and-injure-four-others-who-were-seeking-to-free-a-man-kidnapped-in-a-mountainous-area-near-the.md) _Context: Algeria_
7. [At least 22 people are killed in clashes between Arab and Berber communities in Ghardaia, Algeria. ](/news/2015/07/8/at-least-22-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-arab-and-berber-communities-in-ghardaia-algeria.md) _Context: Algeria_
8. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
9. [Algerian jihadist group Jund al-Khilafah release a video showing French tourist Herv Gourdel being killed because of French participation in airstrikes against ISIS. ](/news/2014/09/24/algerian-jihadist-group-jund-al-khilafah-release-a-video-showing-french-tourist-herve-gourdel-being-killed-because-of-french-participation-i.md) _Context: Algeria_
10. [A Ukrainian Antonov An-12 aircraft with seven people on board crashes in the Sahara Desert in Algeria. ](/news/2014/08/30/a-ukrainian-antonov-an-12-aircraft-with-seven-people-on-board-crashes-in-the-sahara-desert-in-algeria.md) _Context: Algeria_
