### [2003-03-2](/news/2003/03/2/index.md)

#  Iraq disarmament crisis: Iraq destroys six more Al-Samoud 2 missiles, bringing the total destroyed to 10 out of an estimated 100 missiles ordered eliminated by the U.N. The U.S. continues to dismiss Iraq's actions as "part of its game of deception." Iraq indicates that it may halt destruction of the missiles if the U.S. indicates it will go to war anyway.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: In an interview on BBC Radio 4, Clare Short, a member of Tony Blair's cabinet, describes his stance on Iraq as "deeply reckless", and says she would resign if he committed the UK to war without an unambiguous mandate from the United Nations.](/news/2003/03/9/iraq-disarmament-crisis-in-an-interview-on-bbc-radio-4-clare-short-a-member-of-tony-blair-s-cabinet-describes-his-stance-on-iraq-as-de.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
2. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Kuwaiti workers have been instructed to make 35 holes in the fence between Iraq and Kuwait, and that the Kuwaiti army is positioning tanks at these openings. The "Pakistan Daily Times" reported that UNIKOM had found armed US Marines in the demilitarized zone along the fence last month. CBC reported that 230 UN support workers have been ordered out of the demilitarized zone.](/news/2003/03/8/iraq-disarmament-crisis-kuwaiti-workers-have-been-instructed-to-make-35-holes-in-the-fence-between-iraq-and-kuwait-and-that-the-kuwaiti-a.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
3. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.](/news/2003/03/7/iraq-disarmament-crisis-hans-blix-reports-to-the-un-security-council-citing-iraq-s-increased-but-qualified-cooperation.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
4. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: The foreign ministers of France, Germany and Russia indicate that they will oppose any UN Security Council proposals that would authorize war with Iraq.](/news/2003/03/5/iraq-disarmament-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-france-germany-and-russia-indicate-that-they-will-oppose-any-un-security-council-proposa.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
5. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi said that he supports the U.S., U.K., and Spain for ending diplomatic efforts against Iraq. He also indicates no further UN resolution is necessary to invade Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/iraq-disarmament-crisis-japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-said-that-he-supports-the-u-s-u-k-and-spain-for-ending-diplomatic-ef.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush, U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair, and Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar meet in the Azores, Portugal for a summit on the Iraq disarmament crisis. One British official describes the meeting as the "last chance for diplomacy." In a press conference at the end of the meeting, President Bush states that "We concluded that tomorrow is a moment of truth for the world".](/news/2003/03/16/u-s-president-george-w-bush-u-k-prime-minister-tony-blair-and-spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-meet-in-the-azores-portugal-f.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
7. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: A round of protests takes place in cities across the world.](/news/2003/03/15/iraq-disarmament-crisis-a-round-of-protests-takes-place-in-cities-across-the-world.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
8. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Key documents presented as evidence that the US should invade Iraq are revealed as forgeries. The documents stated that Niger was selling 500 tons of uranium to Iraq. One, dated 2000, was on stationery from the military government of the 1980s and referred to a foreign minister who had not been in power for 14 years; another bore a signature of the president of Niger that was an obvious fake. Iraq's supposed acquisition of African uranium was a feature in Colin Powell's speech to the UN Security Council in February and in George W. Bush's State of the Union Address. Senator John Rockefeller asked the FBI to investigate the origin of the documents. Rockefeller expressed concern that the forgeries "may be part of a larger deception campaign aimed at manipulating public opinion and foreign policy regarding Iraq."](/news/2003/03/14/iraq-disarmament-crisis-key-documents-presented-as-evidence-that-the-us-should-invade-iraq-are-revealed-as-forgeries-the-documents-stated.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
9. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: The White House press secretary, paraphrasing the President, stated ""If the United Nations fails to act, that means the United Nations will not be the international body that disarms Saddam Hussein. Another international body will disarm Saddam Hussein.""](/news/2003/03/10/iraq-disarmament-crisis-the-white-house-press-secretary-paraphrasing-the-president-stated-if-the-united-nations-fails-to-act-that-mea.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
10. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: *Kofi Annan, Secretary General of the United Nations, stated ""If the US and others were to go outside the [Security] Council and take military action it would not be in conformity with the [UN] Charter"".](/news/2003/03/10/iraq-disarmament-crisis-kofi-annan-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-stated-if-the-us-and-others-were-to-go-outside-the-securi.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis_
