### [2003-03-2](/news/2003/03/2/index.md)

#  The British newspaper "Observer" publishes what it claims to be a leaked memo from a high-ranking NSA official dated January 31, 2003. In it are orders to spy on the domestic and official communications of the United Nations Security Council members other than the U.S. and the United Kingdom. The memo names "... members Angola, Cameroon, Chile, Bulgaria and Guinea,&nbsp;..." as candidates for special attention.




### Related:

1. [New Zealand, Malaysia, Angola, Spain and Venezuela have been elected to sit on the United Nations Security Council for two years from 2015. ](/news/2014/10/16/new-zealand-malaysia-angola-spain-and-venezuela-have-been-elected-to-sit-on-the-united-nations-security-council-for-two-years-from-2015.md) _Context: Angola, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Chad, Chile, Lithuania, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term, starting on January 1, 2014. ](/news/2013/10/17/chad-chile-lithuania-nigeria-and-saudi-arabia-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-starting-on-january.md) _Context: Chile, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Parcel bombs explode at the Mexican, Russian and Swiss embassies in Greece. Similar packages were sent or addressed to the embassies of Belgium, Bulgaria, Chile, Germany and the Netherlands over the past two days. ](/news/2010/11/2/parcel-bombs-explode-at-the-mexican-russian-and-swiss-embassies-in-greece-similar-packages-were-sent-or-addressed-to-the-embassies-of-belg.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Chile_
4. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
5. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: Guinea_
6. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: Chile_
9. [Voters in Angola go to the polls to elect 220 National Assembly members. The leader of the winning party will become the new president, following the retirement of Jos Eduardo dos Santos, who has held the role since 1979. ](/news/2017/08/23/voters-in-angola-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-220-national-assembly-members-the-leader-of-the-winning-party-will-become-the-new-president-foll.md) _Context: Angola_
10. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
