### [2012-02-17](/news/2012/02/17/index.md)

# A US Federal Court judge orders Tampa-based Odyssey Marine Exploration to return treasures from the shipwreck of the "Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes" to Spain. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/judge-spain-treasure-fla-company-15730329#.Tz70Mofxo48)

### Related:

1. [Treasure from the Spanish Navy frigate "Nuestra Seora de las Mercedes" returns to Spain after being recovered by Odyssey Marine Exploration in 2007. ](/news/2012/02/25/treasure-from-the-spanish-navy-frigate-nuestra-senora-de-las-mercedes-returns-to-spain-after-being-recovered-by-odyssey-marine-exploration.md) _Context: Odyssey Marine Exploration, Spanish_
2. [ The Spanish Civil Guard raids a boat operated by Odyssey Marine Exploration that it claims may have taken treasure worth hundreds of millions of dollars from a Spanish galleon. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-spanish-civil-guard-raids-a-boat-operated-by-odyssey-marine-exploration-that-it-claims-may-have-taken-treasure-worth-hundreds-of-millio.md) _Context: Odyssey Marine Exploration, Spanish_
3. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Spanish_
4. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Spanish_
5. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Spanish_
6. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Spanish_
7. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
8. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
9. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spanish_
10. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spanish_
