### [2012-02-17](/news/2012/02/17/index.md)

# New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoes a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage in the state. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/apnewsbreak-gay-marriage-bill-delivered-to-nj-governor-who-has-vowed-to-veto-it/2012/02/17/gIQApnPrJR_story.html "(The Washington Post)"]




### Related:

1. [Amid a budget crisis, Governor Chris Christie shuts down the state government of New Jersey. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-a-budget-crisis-governor-chris-christie-shuts-down-the-state-government-of-new-jersey.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
2. [American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-democrat-phi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
3. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
4. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie appoints Jeffrey Chiesa (R-NJ) as a U.S. Senator following the death of Frank Lautenberg. He will serve until a special election is held later this year. ](/news/2013/06/6/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-appoints-jeffrey-chiesa-r-nj-as-a-u-s-senator-following-the-death-of-frank-lautenberg-he-will-serve-u.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
5. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/3/sen-frank-lautenberg-dies-89-new-jersey-democrat-w/ "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
6. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
7. [Governor Chris Christie is caught sunbathing with his family on a beach he had ordered closed for the fourth of July holiday. The beach was closed to the public amid a state budget crisis. ](/news/2017/07/3/governor-chris-christie-is-caught-sunbathing-with-his-family-on-a-beach-he-had-ordered-closed-for-the-fourth-of-july-holiday-the-beach-was.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
8. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: New Jersey_
9. [A Philadelphia-originating Learjet crashes in Carlstadt as it approached Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, killing at least two people. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-philadelphia-originating-learjet-crashes-in-carlstadt-as-it-approached-teterboro-airport-in-new-jersey-killing-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: New Jersey_
10. [Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-ex-port-authority-executive-bill.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
