### [2013-10-7](/news/2013/10/7/index.md)

# Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in the Chinese province of Fujian, bringing heavy rain and killing at least two people. 

Powerful Typhoon Fitow hits eastern China after triggering an evacuation of hundreds of thousands of people.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-24424336)

### Related:

1. [China's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces their investigation of Fujian governor Su Shulin, the former chairman of China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation, on suspicion of serious disciplinary violations, the "euphemism for corruption." This follows the massive anti-corruption drive Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping launched when he came to power more than three years ago. Su is the first sitting governor investigated since the campaign began. ](/news/2015/10/7/china-s-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-their-investigation-of-fujian-governor-su-shulin-the-former-chairman-of-chin.md) _Context: China, Fujian_
2. [Typhoon Dujuan hits mainland China in Fujian province after hitting Taiwan, where it caused two deaths and injured 300. ](/news/2015/09/29/typhoon-dujuan-hits-mainland-china-in-fujian-province-after-hitting-taiwan-where-it-caused-two-deaths-and-injured-300.md) _Context: China, Fujian_
3. [At the Dragon Aromatics chemical plant in Fujian in southeast China, a fourth tank of about 1,500 tonnes of liquid hydrocarbon catches fire and explodes. More than 14,000 residents have been evacuated. ](/news/2015/04/8/at-the-dragon-aromatics-chemical-plant-in-fujian-in-southeast-china-a-fourth-tank-of-about-1-500-tonnes-of-liquid-hydrocarbon-catches-fire.md) _Context: China, Fujian_
4. [ A fire in an illegal shoe factory kills at least 34 people in Putian in Fujian province, China. ](/news/2007/10/21/a-fire-in-an-illegal-shoe-factory-kills-at-least-34-people-in-putian-in-fujian-province-china.md) _Context: China, Fujian_
5. [ Up to 60 police cadets have been swept away by powerful Typhoon Longwang in Fujian, south-east China. ](/news/2005/10/3/up-to-60-police-cadets-have-been-swept-away-by-powerful-typhoon-longwang-in-fujian-south-east-china.md) _Context: China, Fujian_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: China_
7. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
