### [2004-05-8](/news/2004/05/8/index.md)

#  Computer security: German authorities arrest an 18-year-old high school student on suspicion that he is responsible for creating the Sasser worm, which has infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide by exploiting a flaw in the Windows 2000 and Windows XP operating systems. According to CNET, a US$5 million reward from Microsoft was instrumental in leading investigators to the suspect. 

Read the latest national and world news on Newsday. All the top stores, latest videos and photo galleries are available at Newsday.com


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.newsday.com/news/nationworld/world/wire/sns-ap-germany-computer-worm,0,1719391.story?coll=sns-ap-world-headlines)
2. [CNET](http://archive.is/20130119130420/http://news.com.com/2100-7349_3-5208762.html?tag=nefd.top)

### Related:

1. [Microsoft officially concludes Windows XP after 12 years of support. ](/news/2014/04/9/microsoft-officially-concludes-windows-xp-after-12-years-of-support.md) _Context: Microsoft, Windows XP_
2. [Microsoft acknowledges and plans to address complaints with its Windows 8 operating system - changes will be available later this year. ](/news/2013/05/7/microsoft-acknowledges-and-plans-to-address-complaints-with-its-windows-8-operating-system-a-changes-will-be-available-later-this-year.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
3. [ The Microsoft operating systems Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 go on retail sale worldwide. ](/news/2009/10/22/the-microsoft-operating-systems-windows-7-and-windows-server-2008-r2-go-on-retail-sale-worldwide.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
4. [ Microsoft Corporation releases the beta version of its Windows 7 operating system. ](/news/2009/01/9/microsoft-corporation-releases-the-beta-version-of-its-windows-7-operating-system.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
5. [ The Zotob computer worm causes fatal crashes of computers worldwide. The worm only crashes PCs running Windows 2000 and earlier versions of Windows XP, shutting down and rebooting the computer endlessly. Affected were CNN, ABC, Caterpillar, New York Times and Capitol Hill PCs. ](/news/2005/08/17/the-zotob-computer-worm-causes-fatal-crashes-of-computers-worldwide-the-worm-only-crashes-pcs-running-windows-2000-and-earlier-versions-of.md) _Context: Windows 2000, Windows XP_
6. [ Microsoft denies that it illegally uses its desktop computer operating system monopoly to hurt digital media rivals. ](/news/2004/02/20/microsoft-denies-that-it-illegally-uses-its-desktop-computer-operating-system-monopoly-to-hurt-digital-media-rivals.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
7. [ Part of the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4 and Windows 2000 products has been leaked to the internet. It is thought that the leak constitutes only a part of the source, and may have originated from Mainsoft. Copies of something purporting to be the Windows source have been reported to be available on various file sharing networks.](/news/2004/02/12/part-of-the-source-code-for-microsoft-s-windows-nt-4-and-windows-2000-products-has-been-leaked-to-the-internet-it-is-thought-that-the-leak.md) _Context: Microsoft, Windows 2000_
8. [ Computer and Communications Industry Association report, written by a handful of security experts, Microsoft's dominance in key technologies poses security risk and threatens the national infrastructure. Computer and Communications Industry Association states reliance on a single technology, such as the Windows operating system, threatens economic security and critical infrastructure. The paper warns that many security improvements planned by Microsoft are likely designed to deter customers from switching to another operating system.](/news/2003/09/24/computer-and-communications-industry-association-report-written-by-a-handful-of-security-experts-microsoft-s-dominance-in-key-technologie.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
9. [ Email virus: Email users are swamped by a new fast-spreading computer virus circulating through email that purports to be security software from Microsoft, but actually tries to disable security programs that are already running. The worm, dubbed "Swen" or "Gibe", takes advantage of a two-year-old hole in Internet Explorer and affects systems that have not installed a patch for that security hole.](/news/2003/09/19/email-virus-email-users-are-swamped-by-a-new-fast-spreading-computer-virus-circulating-through-email-that-purports-to-be-security-software.md) _Context: Computer security, Microsoft_
10. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
