### [2015-09-6](/news/2015/09/6/index.md)

# In Tampa, Florida, former University of South Florida football player Elkino Watson is killed and Desmon Watson, another former player, is injured after an early morning stabbing after an argument broke out outside a nightclub in Ybor City. 

Former USF football player was killed and football player was wounded in an early morning stabbing outside Club Orpheum in Ybor City.


### Source:

1. [WFLA](http://wfla.com/2015/09/06/one-dead-one-injured-after-stabbing-outside-ybor-city-club/)

### Related:

1. [Tropical Storm Hermine. The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border. Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/08/31/tropical-storm-hermine-the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of.md) _Context: Tampa_
2. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Tampa_
3. [A retired police officer shoots a man dead and minorly wounds his wife after an argument about the victim texting in a Tampa, Florida cinema. ](/news/2014/01/13/a-retired-police-officer-shoots-a-man-dead-and-minorly-wounds-his-wife-after-an-argument-about-the-victim-texting-in-a-tampa-florida-cinema.md) _Context: Tampa_
4. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Tampa_
5. [A US Federal Court judge orders Tampa-based Odyssey Marine Exploration to return treasures from the shipwreck of the "Nuestra Senora de las Mercedes" to Spain. ](/news/2012/02/17/a-us-federal-court-judge-orders-tampa-based-odyssey-marine-exploration-to-return-treasures-from-the-shipwreck-of-the-nuestra-sea-ora-de-las.md) _Context: Tampa_
6. [Bob Buckhorn is elected as the mayor of the US city of Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2011/03/22/bob-buckhorn-is-elected-as-the-mayor-of-the-us-city-of-tampa-florida.md) _Context: Tampa_
7. [ U.S. college football: On the heels of last week's historic AP Poll shakeup, another one of comparable size occurs, in which four Top Ten teams and eleven ranked teams overall move down the list or off the poll entirely. LSU receives first place from all 65 sports critics, the first time that has occurred for any team since December 2006. #2 California earns its highest rank since 1951, #4 Boston College earns its highest showing since 1984, and #5 South Florida continues its ascent after first moving into the AP Poll three weeks ago. ](/news/2007/10/7/u-s-college-football-on-the-heels-of-last-week-s-historic-ap-poll-shakeup-another-one-of-comparable-size-occurs-in-which-four-top-ten-t.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
8. [ U.S. college football: The new AP Poll results are released, with nine of the ten ranked teams that lost this past weekend either dropping further down the list or out of the poll completely. LSU rose to #1 for the first time since 1959, Kentucky and Boston College rise into the Top Ten for the first time since 1977 and 1992, respectively, and South Florida ascends into the Top Ten for the first time ever. ](/news/2007/09/30/u-s-college-football-the-new-ap-poll-results-are-released-with-nine-of-the-ten-ranked-teams-that-lost-this-past-weekend-either-dropping.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
9. [ Two Egyptian students at the University of South Florida are indicted for carrying explosive materials across state lines with one indicted for terrorism charges. ](/news/2007/08/31/two-egyptian-students-at-the-university-of-south-florida-are-indicted-for-carrying-explosive-materials-across-state-lines-with-one-indicted.md) _Context: University of South Florida_
10. [ Super Bowl XXXV at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida: Baltimore Ravens defeats the New York Giants, 34-7.](/news/2001/01/28/super-bowl-xxxv-at-raymond-james-stadium-in-tampa-florida-baltimore-ravens-defeats-the-new-york-giants-34-7.md) _Context: Tampa_
