### [2003-12-14](/news/2003/12/14/index.md)

# Jason White, quarterback of the University of Oklahoma Sooners, wins the Heisman Trophy, awarded to the best player in college football. [http://sports.yahoo.com/ncaaf/news;_ylc=X3oDMTBpNWZic251BF9TAzI1NjY0ODI1BHNlYwN0aA--?slug=ap-heismantrophy&prov=ap&type=lgns]




### Related:

1. [Texas A&M University quarterback Johnny Manziel becomes the first freshman ever to win the Heisman Trophy as the most outstanding player in U.S. college football. ](/news/2012/12/8/texas-a-m-university-quarterback-johnny-manziel-becomes-the-first-freshman-ever-to-win-the-heisman-trophy-as-the-most-outstanding-player-in.md) _Context: Heisman Trophy, quarterback_
2. [Robert Griffin III, the quarterback for the Baylor Bears wins the  Heisman Trophy, awarded to the best player in college football. ](/news/2011/12/10/robert-griffin-iii-the-quarterback-for-the-baylor-bears-wins-the-heisman-trophy-awarded-to-the-best-player-in-college-football.md) _Context: Heisman Trophy, quarterback_
3. [In American football, Auburn University quarterback Cam Newton wins the Heisman Trophy,  awarded to the best college football player of the year. ](/news/2010/12/11/in-american-football-auburn-university-quarterback-cam-newton-wins-the-heisman-trophy-awarded-to-the-best-college-football-player-of-the.md) _Context: Heisman Trophy, quarterback_
4. [2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season (American football) Lamar Jackson of the Louisville Cardinals wins the Heisman Trophy. At 19, Jackson is the youngest ever winner of the Trophy. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-ncaa-division-i-fbs-football-season-american-football-p-lamar-jackson-of-the-louisville-cardinals-wins-the-heisman-trophy-at-19-jack.md) _Context: Heisman Trophy_
5. [American football quarterback Peyton Manning retires after eighteen seasons in the National Football League with two Super Bowl championships, five MVP awards, and single-season and career league records for most passing yards and touchdown passes. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-football-quarterback-peyton-manning-retires-after-eighteen-seasons-in-the-national-football-league-with-two-super-bowl-championship.md) _Context: quarterback_
6. [Deflategate: In American football, the National Football League finds that two New England Patriots employees intentionally deflated footballs used in the American Football Conference game against the Indianapolis Colts and that quarterback Tom Brady was generally aware of the deflation. ](/news/2015/05/6/deflategate-in-american-football-the-national-football-league-finds-that-two-new-england-patriots-employees-intentionally-deflated-footbal.md) _Context: quarterback_
7. [The University of Oklahoma expels two students identified as ringleaders in the singing of a racist chant by the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity. ](/news/2015/03/10/the-university-of-oklahoma-expels-two-students-identified-as-ringleaders-in-the-singing-of-a-racist-chant-by-the-sigma-alpha-epsilon-fratern.md) _Context: University of Oklahoma_
8. [In American football, Marcus Mariota of the University of Oregon football team wins the 2014 Heisman trophy for the best player in college football. ](/news/2014/12/13/in-american-football-marcus-mariota-of-the-university-of-oregon-football-team-wins-the-2014-heisman-trophy-for-the-best-player-in-college-f.md) _Context: Heisman Trophy_
9. [In American football, the National Football League draft commences in New York City's Radio City Music Hall, with quarterbacks Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III the first two players chosen. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-draft-commences-in-new-york-city-s-radio-city-music-hall-with-quarterbacks-andrew-luck-a.md) _Context: quarterback_
10. [In American football, Drew Brees, the quarterback for the New Orleans Saints, breaks the 1984 National Football League record for yards passing in a single season. ](/news/2011/12/26/in-american-football-drew-brees-the-quarterback-for-the-new-orleans-saints-breaks-the-1984-national-football-league-record-for-yards-pass.md) _Context: quarterback_
