### [2003-12-14](/news/2003/12/14/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq:. Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. 




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq:. U.S.-appointed civil administrator of Iraq, L. Paul Bremer reveals that he survived an attack on his convoy on December 6. ](/news/2003/12/19/occupation-of-iraq-u-s-appointed-civil-administrator-of-iraq-l-paul-bremer-reveals-that-he-survived-an-attack-on-his-convoy-on-decembe.md) _Context: Iraq, L. Paul Bremer, U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ Saddam Hussein is captured and arrested by U.S. forces in Tikrit, Iraq.](/news/2003/12/13/saddam-hussein-is-captured-and-arrested-by-u-s-forces-in-tikrit-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein, Tikrit_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
4. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Salahuddin campaign. Islamic State militants counter-attack in Iraq's Saladin province and seize locations west, north and south of Baiji, home to Iraq's largest oil refinery. In addition, the militants attack oilfields west of Tikrit, capture parts of the town of Seiniyah, portions of Mak'houl Mountain, and an abandoned fertilizer plant. ](/news/2015/11/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-salahuddin-campaign-islamic-state-militants-counter-attack-in-iraq-s-saladin-province-and-seize-locations.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
6. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. 46 Indian nurses held hostage by the ISIS for almost a month in Tikrit, Iraq, arrive at Cochin airport, Kochi, India. ](/news/2014/07/5/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-46-indian-nurses-held-hostage-by-the-isis-for-almost-a-month-in-tikrit-iraq-arrive-at-cochin-airport-kochi.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
7. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. A suicide attacker blows up a tanker lorry at the police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, killing at least nine people. Three people are killed in a separate shooting in Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/1/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-a-suicide-attacker-blows-up-a-tanker-lorry-at-the-police-headquarters-in-the-iraqi-city-of-tikrit.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
9. [Twelve people die and dozens of inmates escape in a prison break in Tikrit, Iraq. ](/news/2012/09/28/twelve-people-die-and-dozens-of-inmates-escape-in-a-prison-break-in-tikrit-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
10. [In two bombing attacks in Iraq, 17 people are killed and 50 others wounded in a blast outside of the Presidential Palaces Mosque in central Tikrit, Iraq; and later by a suicide bomber in a Tikrit hospital treating the wounded from the first attack, killing six people and injuring ten at the hospital. ](/news/2011/06/3/in-two-bombing-attacks-in-iraq-17-people-are-killed-and-50-others-wounded-in-a-blast-outside-of-the-presidential-palaces-mosque-in-central.md) _Context: Iraq, Tikrit_
