### [2004-02-13](/news/2004/02/13/index.md)

#  Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announces alleged al-Qaida and Taliban fighters, who are being held at Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Cuba, may apply annually for release.




### Related:

1. [ One Dane and five of the nine Britons held without trial as terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay are to be released, probably within the next two weeks, according to British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw. The soon-to-be-released captives have been amongst the 660 detainees at the US base in Cuba, held for the past two years as suspected Al-Qaida or Taliban 'combatants'. ](/news/2004/02/19/one-dane-and-five-of-the-nine-britons-held-without-trial-as-terror-suspects-at-guantanamo-bay-are-to-be-released-probably-within-the-next.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Cuba, Taliban_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. Obama made similar statements during his first presidential campaign in 2007 and had previously stated that the camp would be closed by 2010. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-plans-to-close-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-in-cuba-obama-made-similar-state.md) _Context: Cuba, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
3. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
4. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates says the U.S. is "ready and willing" to send troops to Pakistan to combat al-Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2008/01/25/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-says-the-u-s-is-ready-and-willing-to-send-troops-to-pakistan-to-combat-al-qaeda-and-the.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Taliban_
5. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates meets with the Defense Ministers of the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Denmark as well as officials from Estonia and Romania to discuss progress in Afghanistan in expectation of a Taliban offensive. Two Canadian soldiers are killed when a roadside bomb explodes. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-m-gates-meets-with-the-defense-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-australia-canada-the-nethe.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Taliban_
6. [ U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates supports closing the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and moving dangerous inmates elsewhere. ](/news/2007/03/29/u-s-defense-secretary-robert-gates-supports-closing-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-and-moving-dangerous-inmates-elsewhere.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
7. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
8. [ Leaked Pentagon memo by United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld says US policy in Iraq is "not working well enough or fast enough." ](/news/2006/12/2/leaked-pentagon-memo-by-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-says-us-policy-in-iraq-is-not-working-well-enough-or-fast-enoug.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
9. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld likens Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez to Adolf Hitler. In retaliation, Venezuelan Vice President Jose Vicente Rangel refers to the US as the Third Reich. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-likens-venezuela-s-president-hugo-cha-vez-to-adolf-hitler-in-retaliation-venezuela.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
10. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
