### [2004-02-13](/news/2004/02/13/index.md)

#  Democratic presidential nomination: Former Democratic candidate for the U.S. presidency Gen. Wesley K. Clark endorses current Democratic favorite Senator John Kerry.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. Presidential Election, 2004: In the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, Senator John Kerry wins the caucuses in Michigan and Washington.](/news/2004/02/7/u-s-presidential-election-2004-in-the-race-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-senator-john-kerry-wins-the-caucuses-in-michigan.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Democratic presidential nomination, John Kerry_
2. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: Democratic Party, John Kerry_
3. [ The White House reserves judgement on the Federal Marriage Amendment, a proposed constitutional amendment to define marriage as a "union of a man and a woman", until Massachusetts legislature and San Francisco courts take further action. Media reports speculate that the White House will probably also keep their opinion quiet until Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry takes a stand on the issue. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-white-house-reserves-judgement-on-the-federal-marriage-amendment-a-proposed-constitutional-amendment-to-define-marriage-as-a-union-of.md) _Context: Democratic Party, John Kerry_
4. [ Democratic presidential nomination: Wisconsin held its primary election. John Kerry got 40% of the vote, followed by John Edwards with 34%, and Howard Dean with 18%.](/news/2004/02/17/democratic-presidential-nomination-wisconsin-held-its-primary-election-john-kerry-got-40-of-the-vote-followed-by-john-edwards-with-34.md) _Context: Democratic presidential nomination, John Kerry_
5. [ U.S. President hopeful John Kerry scores two more Democratic primary victories in the State of Nevada and the federally controlled District of Columbia.](/news/2004/02/14/u-s-president-hopeful-john-kerry-scores-two-more-democratic-primary-victories-in-the-state-of-nevada-and-the-federally-controlled-district.md) _Context: Democratic Party, John Kerry_
6. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: Democratic Party, John Kerry_
7. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: John Kerry_
8. [The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.](/news/2016/11/16/the-saudi-led-military-coalition-and-the-houthis-ansar-allah-arrive-at-a-ceasefire-agreement-effective-as-of-17-november-2016-as-a-result.md) _Context: John Kerry_
9. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry_
10. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry_
