### [2004-02-13](/news/2004/02/13/index.md)

#  Logging, conducted illegally, is destroying the equatorial rain forests of Indonesian Borneo.




### Related:

1. [Scientists report fires raging in Indonesia have hit Borneo's orangutans particularly hard. Borneo is home to about 30 percent of the world's wild orangutans, an endangered species. Smoke has already displaced many orangutans and caused health problems related to smoke inhalation, according to the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation (BOSF). ](/news/2015/11/3/scientists-report-fires-raging-in-indonesia-have-hit-borneo-s-orangutans-particularly-hard-borneo-is-home-to-about-30-percent-of-the-world.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
2. [ Indonesian forest fires have advanced into dense forest on Borneo and now threaten one third of the world's remaining wild orangutans, say conservationists. ](/news/2015/10/27/indonesian-forest-fires-have-advanced-into-dense-forest-on-borneo-and-now-threaten-one-third-of-the-worldas-remaining-wild-orangutans-sa.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
3. [Indonesian officials confirm that at least three bodies have been recovered from the Java Sea off Borneo. ](/news/2014/12/30/indonesian-officials-confirm-that-at-least-three-bodies-have-been-recovered-from-the-java-sea-off-borneo.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
4. [ At least 500 people are feared to have drowned after the ferry "Senopati Nusantara" travelling between the port of Kumai on the Indonesian island of Borneo to Semarang on Java sank during a storm. ](/news/2006/12/30/at-least-500-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-after-the-ferry-senopati-nusantara-travelling-between-the-port-of-kumai-on-the-indonesian.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
5. [ Malaysia and Indonesia agree to talks about the border dispute in Borneo over oil resources. Indonesia has deployed military units to the area ](/news/2005/03/7/malaysia-and-indonesia-agree-to-talks-about-the-border-dispute-in-borneo-over-oil-resources-indonesia-has-deployed-military-units-to-the-a.md) _Context: Borneo's, Indonesia_
6. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia_
