### [2004-02-13](/news/2004/02/13/index.md)

#  Scientists announce the possible discovery of a 10 billion trillion trillion (110<sup>34</sup>) carat diamond, 2,500 mi across and 50 light-years away from Earth in the core of the decayed star BPM 37093 in the constellation of Centaurus.




### Related:

1. [The Lesedi La Rona diamond, the largest uncut diamond in the world, went on sale at an auction in Mayfair with it expected to sell at GBP52 million, or US$70 million. However, the diamond only managed to draw a high bid of US$61 million, falling short of the reserve price to sell it. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-lesedi-la-rona-diamond-the-largest-uncut-diamond-in-the-world-went-on-sale-at-an-auction-in-mayfair-with-it-expected-to-sell-at-agbp52.md) _Context: diamond_
2. [Researchers at North Carolina State University discover a new diamond-like, solid phase of carbon, called Q-carbon, that can be attained at room temperature. The result is a uniquely crystalline material, harder than a real diamond and likely boasting a variety of new properties, most unknown or unstudied. ](/news/2015/11/30/researchers-at-north-carolina-state-university-discover-a-new-diamond-like-solid-phase-of-carbon-called-q-carbon-that-can-be-attained-at.md) _Context: diamond_
3. [An 18th-century pink Indian diamond worth at least $5 million and a Cartier diamond tiara are discovered in the jewelry recovered from Imelda Marcos. ](/news/2015/11/25/an-18th-century-pink-indian-diamond-worth-at-least-5-million-and-a-cartier-diamond-tiara-are-discovered-in-the-jewelry-recovered-from-imeld.md) _Context: diamond_
4. [Astronomers say they have observed bizarre light patterns using the Kepler Space Telescope from a star that appears old, but is shrouded in debris like a much younger star, roughly 1,500 light-years away. This has led to speculation that these are an "artificial extraterrestrial mega-structure", orbiting the star known as KIC 8462852 in the Cygnus constellation. KIC 8462852 lies just above the Milky Way between the constellations Cygnus and Lyra. It first attracted the attention of astronomers in 2009 when the Kepler Space Telescope identified it as a candidate for having orbiting Earth-like planets. ](/news/2015/10/15/astronomers-say-they-have-observed-bizarre-light-patterns-using-the-kepler-space-telescope-from-a-star-that-appears-old-but-is-shrouded-in.md) _Context: light-years_
5. [A blue diamond is found in Cullinan, Gauteng, South Africa. ](/news/2014/01/22/a-blue-diamond-is-found-in-cullinan-gauteng-south-africa.md) _Context: diamond_
6. [A 14.82-carat orange diamond sets a world record after it is sold at a Christie's auction in Geneva for $35.5 million. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-14-82-carat-orange-diamond-sets-a-world-record-after-it-is-sold-at-a-christie-s-auction-in-geneva-for-35-5-million.md) _Context: diamond_
7. [2013 Belgium diamond heist: Armed robbers steal a haul of diamonds worth $50 million during a raid at Brussels Airport in Belgium. ](/news/2013/02/18/2013-belgium-diamond-heist-armed-robbers-steal-a-haul-of-diamonds-worth-50-million-during-a-raid-at-brussels-airport-in-belgium.md) _Context: diamond_
8. [Diamonds worth millions are stolen from the BaselWorld Watch and Jewellery Fair in Basel, Switzerland. ](/news/2011/03/30/diamonds-worth-millions-are-stolen-from-the-baselworld-watch-and-jewellery-fair-in-basel-switzerland.md) _Context: diamond_
9. [San bushmen in Botswana lose a court case in which they requested the re-opening of their traditional Kalahari waterhole from which the government forced them out when diamonds were discovered there in the 1980s. ](/news/2010/07/21/san-bushmen-in-botswana-lose-a-court-case-in-which-they-requested-the-re-opening-of-their-traditional-kalahari-waterhole-from-which-the-gove.md) _Context: diamond_
10. [A Zimbabwe court frees human rights activist Farai Maguwu on bail after five weeks in detention, accused of providing false information about the diamond trade, charges he denies. ](/news/2010/07/13/a-zimbabwe-court-frees-human-rights-activist-farai-maguwu-on-bail-after-five-weeks-in-detention-accused-of-providing-false-information-abou.md) _Context: diamond_
