
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/02/13/the-united-states-in-a-major-shift-of-policy-on-the-middle-east-says-it-may-support-an-israeli-proposal-for-a-unilateral-partial-withdraw.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/02/13/the-united-states-in-a-major-shift-of-policy-on-the-middle-east-says-it-may-support-an-israeli-proposal-for-a-unilateral-partial-withdraw.json)  [XML](/news/2004/02/13/the-united-states-in-a-major-shift-of-policy-on-the-middle-east-says-it-may-support-an-israeli-proposal-for-a-unilateral-partial-withdraw.xml)  

### [2004-02-13](/news/2004/02/13/index.md)

##### Israel
#  The United States, in a major shift of policy on the Middle East, says it may support an Israeli proposal for a unilateral partial withdrawal from the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. Deputy Secretary of State Richard L. Armitage says that a pullout from Gaza would be "a step in the right direction." Administration official state "... negotiations were impossible because of Palestinian recalcitrance."




### Related:

1. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220914.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220300.stm (BBC)], [http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occupy.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [A Palestinian man in the occupied West Bank is arrested and questioned for a few hours by Israeli police after Facebook mistranslates his Arabic-language message saying "good morning" into Hebrew for "attack them". ](/news/2017/10/22/a-palestinian-man-in-the-occupied-west-bank-is-arrested-and-questioned-for-a-few-hours-by-israeli-police-after-facebook-mistranslates-his-ar.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
