### [2004-02-13](/news/2004/02/13/index.md)

#  The European Union anti-fraud office (OLAF) is studying documents suggesting that Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian Authority diverted tens of millions of dollars in EU funds to organizations involved in terrorism. "... some of the money reportedly went to the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, which has been involved in terror strikes." Their final report is expected in two months.




### Related:

1. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: EU, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: EU, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ The European Union and United States restore foreign aid to the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2007/06/18/the-european-union-and-united-states-restore-foreign-aid-to-the-palestinian-authority.md) _Context: EU, Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Palestinian Authority arrests eight Palestinians in connection with the previous day's killing of a Palestinian policeman, accusing Said Amin of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades of leading the killers. ](/news/2005/06/24/palestinian-authority-arrests-eight-palestinians-in-connection-with-the-previous-day-s-killing-of-a-palestinian-policeman-accusing-said-am.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Illness of Yasser Arafat: Officials of the Palestinian Authority travel to France to see Yasser Arafat. Suha Arafat, wife of Yasser Arafat, says, "They are trying to bury Abu Ammar (Arafat) alive". Israeli security officials believe Arafat is brain-dead or comatose, and is on life support equipment and will be disconnected on Tuesday, the Muslim holiday of Lailat-ul-Qadr so that he will be declared dead on that day. ](/news/2004/11/7/illness-of-yasser-arafat-officials-of-the-palestinian-authority-travel-to-france-to-see-yasser-arafat-suha-arafat-wife-of-yasser-arafat.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Illness of Yasser Arafat: Israel refuses to allow Yasser Arafat to be buried in Jerusalem. The ailing leader of the Palestinian Authority is still in a coma, which might be reversible; an aide rejects reports that Arafat is "brain dead". Palestinians claim they will only trust a successor who is "determined and steadfast on the fundamental Palestinian rights", some say who is less willing to compromise. ](/news/2004/11/5/illness-of-yasser-arafat-israel-refuses-to-allow-yasser-arafat-to-be-buried-in-jerusalem-the-ailing-leader-of-the-palestinian-authority-i.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2004/11/10/saeb-erakat-announces-that-palestinian-authority-leader-yasser-arafat-has-died-at-the-age-of-75-at-a-paris-hospital-rawhi-fattouh-becomes.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2004/10/29/yasser-arafat-is-flown-to-paris-france-for-medical-treatment-at-percy-military-hospital-which-specializes-in-blood-disorders-and-cancer.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat's health declines sharply, and a team of doctors is called in to treat him. Doctors performed a minor diagnostic procedure on Arafat on Monday, after he complained of stomach pains. ](/news/2004/10/27/palestinian-authority-president-yasser-arafat-s-health-declines-sharply-and-a-team-of-doctors-is-called-in-to-treat-him-doctors-performed.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ Both the European Union and the government of the United States express concern about Russian President Vladimir Putin's announcement that, as a means of responding to terrorism, he would significantly alter Russia's political system. The Russian government rejects the United States' concerns as inappropriate interference in Russia's internal affairs. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=583655&section=news 1], [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=PK1I2MCEA22IUCRBAE0CFEY?type=worldNews&storyID=583654&section=news 2])](/news/2004/09/15/both-the-european-union-and-the-government-of-the-united-states-express-concern-about-russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-announcement-that.md) _Context: EU, terrorism_
