### [2010-07-28](/news/2010/07/28/index.md)

# Around 300 Bedouins living in "illegal settlements" in Israel's Negev desert have been made homeless after police raided their village and razed their homes. They are to be resettled in Rahat. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10777040)

### Related:

1. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. ](/news/2012/10/11/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-confirms-that-the-drone-aircraft-shot-down-over-israel-s-negev-desert-on-6-october-belonged-to-the-organiz.md) _Context: Israel, Negev Desert_
2. [The Israeli Air Force launches an air strike east of Gaza City, killing a Hamas gunman, in response to a rocket launched at Israel which landed in the Negev Desert. ](/news/2011/08/16/the-israeli-air-force-launches-an-air-strike-east-of-gaza-city-killing-a-hamas-gunman-in-response-to-a-rocket-launched-at-israel-which-lan.md) _Context: Israel, Negev Desert_
3. [Israel police  fire tear gas and rubber bullets at residents trying to halt demolition of an illegal mosque in the southern Bedouin city of Rahat. ](/news/2010/11/7/israel-police-fire-tear-gas-and-rubber-bullets-at-residents-trying-to-halt-demolition-of-an-illegal-mosque-in-the-southern-bedouin-city-of.md) _Context: Israel, Rahat_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Israeli soldiers have claimed that they were ordered to kill Palestinian police officers following the deaths of six Israeli soldiers. ](/news/2005/06/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-two-israeli-soldiers-have-claimed-that-they-were-ordered-to-kill-palestinian-police-officers-following-the-d.md) _Context: Israel, police_
5. [ Police in Israel say they have uncovered an Industrial espionage plot involving 15 Israeli firms. Trojan horse computer viruses are believed to have been used to hack into rivals' systems and 20 people have so far been arrested. ](/news/2005/05/31/police-in-israel-say-they-have-uncovered-an-industrial-espionage-plot-involving-15-israeli-firms-trojan-horse-computer-viruses-are-believe.md) _Context: Israel, police_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
9. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
