### [2010-07-28](/news/2010/07/28/index.md)

# United States federal judge Susan Bolton issues a ruling blocking Arizona from implementing sections of Arizona SB 1070 requiring police to check a person's immigration status and requiring immigrants to carry their papers at all times. 

US judge blocks the most controversial parts of Arizona&#039;s new immigration laws, aimed at cracking down on illegal immigrants.


### Source:

1. [ABC Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/07/29/2967240.htm)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court rules that Arizona's immigration law is mostly unconstitutional, except for the part that allows for law enforcement officers, in the course of their duties, to ask about an illegal immigrant's legal status if they have actual reasons to believe that the person is an immigrant and is here illegally, especially if they are of relevance to a case. ](/news/2012/06/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-arizona-s-immigration-law-is-mostly-unconstitutional-except-for-the-part-that-allows-for-law-enf.md) _Context: Arizona, immigration law_
2. [People in the U.S. state of Arizona protest the introduction of state immigration laws with demonstrators being arrested outside the office of Maricopa County sheriff Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2010/07/29/people-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-protest-the-introduction-of-state-immigration-laws-with-demonstrators-being-arrested-outside-the-office.md) _Context: Arizona, immigration law_
3. [United States federal judge James Robart temporarily blocks the so-called travel ban nationwide pending a legal challenge by the government.  ](/news/2017/02/3/united-states-federal-judge-james-robart-temporarily-blocks-the-so-called-travel-ban-nationwide-pending-a-legal-challenge-by-the-government.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
4. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
5. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Arizona_
6. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all  election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-n.md) _Context: Arizona_
7. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
8. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona_
9. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the  UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." ](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hot.md) _Context: migrants_
10. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: migrants_
