### [2009-04-9](/news/2009/04/9/index.md)

#  Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. 

Tens of thousands of followers of anti-American Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr have gathered in Baghdad to mark the sixth anniversary of the city&#039;s fall to US troops.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2009/04/09/2540366.htm)

### Related:

1. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shi'ite_
2. [Iraqi Shia Muslim leader Muqtada al-Sadr urges a rejection of violence and peaceful resistance against the country's "occupiers" in his first public address since his return from exile. ](/news/2011/01/8/iraqi-shia-muslim-leader-muqtada-al-sadr-urges-a-rejection-of-violence-and-peaceful-resistance-against-the-country-s-occupiers-in-his-firs.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shi'ite, United States_
3. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, United States military_
4. [  Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
5. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
6. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, United States military_
7. [Iraqi insurgency (2011-present):A suicide bomber detonates his vest inside of a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, Iraq, killing 13 people. ](/news/2014/08/25/iraqi-insurgency-2011apresent-pa-suicide-bomber-detonates-his-vest-inside-of-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-13-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shi'ite_
8. [The United States flag is lowered in Baghdad marking the end of U.S. military operations in Iraq after eight years of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/15/the-united-states-flag-is-lowered-in-baghdad-marking-the-end-of-u-s-military-operations-in-iraq-after-eight-years-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, United States_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, United States military_
10. [The last United States brigade combat team leaves Iraq: there are still 56,000 members of the United States armed forces in the country. ](/news/2010/08/19/the-last-united-states-brigade-combat-team-leaves-iraq-there-are-still-56-000-members-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-in-the-country.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, United States military_
