### [2009-04-9](/news/2009/04/9/index.md)

#  The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency allegedly decommissions its black sites worldwide. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/7993087.stm)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
2. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
3. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
4. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody.  Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
5. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
6. [The United States Central Intelligence Agency website  and Alabama state websites go down with reports that Anonymous is responsible. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-website-and-alabama-state-websites-go-down-with-reports-that-anonymous-is-responsible.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
7. [An investigation by the Associated Press and German media uncovers a secret prison suspected of having been operated by the Central Intelligence Agency in Bucharest, Romania. ](/news/2011/12/8/an-investigation-by-the-associated-press-and-german-media-uncovers-a-secret-prison-suspected-of-having-been-operated-by-the-central-intellig.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, black site_
8. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
9. [The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) both sue the United States (US) after it bans lawyers from a case taken by the father of Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which has labelled him a "specially designated global terrorist". ](/news/2010/08/3/the-american-civil-liberties-union-aclu-and-the-center-for-constitutional-rights-ccr-both-sue-the-united-states-us-after-it-bans-lawye.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
10. [''The New York Times'' claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of  graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-unite.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
