### [2004-05-12](/news/2004/05/12/index.md)

#  The Mexican Air Force releases a video of eleven UFOs filmed over the state of Campeche. The lights were filmed on March 5 by pilots using infrared equipment. UNAM scientists say the phenomenon was probably caused by pockets of atmospheric gas. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=589&e=1&u=/ap/20040514/ap_on_re_la_am_ca/mexico_ufos)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/americas/05/11/mexico.ufos.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities says infrared thermography indicates a hidden chamber in the tomb of King Tutankhamen, findings consistent with early theories his tomb included two concealed doorways and with the theory presented in archaeologist Nicholas Reeves' paper this summer. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-says-infrared-thermography-indicates-a-hidden-chamber-in-the-tomb-of-king-tutankhamen-findings-consist.md) _Context: infrared_
2. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: infrared_
3. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.md) _Context: infrared_
4. [The UK Government releases 35 formerly classified files related to sightings of unidentified flying objects. ](/news/2011/03/3/the-uk-government-releases-35-formerly-classified-files-related-to-sightings-of-unidentified-flying-objects.md) _Context: unidentified flying object_
5. [A Bell 412 Mexican military helicopter crashes in Durango state in northern Mexico Saturday, killing all 11 people on board. ](/news/2010/06/20/a-bell-412-mexican-military-helicopter-crashes-in-durango-state-in-northern-mexico-saturday-killing-all-11-people-on-board.md) _Context: Mexican military helicopter_
6. [ Russian television news channels air repeated coverage of a UFO, shaped like a pyramid and similar to an Imperial Cruiser from "Star Wars". ](/news/2009/12/18/russian-television-news-channels-air-repeated-coverage-of-a-ufo-shaped-like-a-pyramid-and-similar-to-an-imperial-cruiser-from-star-wars.md) _Context: unidentified flying object_
7. [ Miyuki Hatoyama, Japan's new first lady, speaks of riding a UFO to Venus, calling it "a very beautiful place" and "really green". ](/news/2009/09/2/miyuki-hatoyama-japan-s-new-first-lady-speaks-of-riding-a-ufo-to-venus-calling-it-a-very-beautiful-place-and-really-green.md) _Context: unidentified flying object_
8. [ People in several parts of Germany report several fireballs in the sky, leading to speculation that they may be UFOs. Scientists report that the sightings are of the Taurid meteor shower. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20051104/od_nm/germany_fireballs_dc;_ylt=AjWQoG6SgP4bZ3_rwYhiSaGs0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3NW1oMDRpBHNlYwM3NTc- (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 20:57, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/11/6/people-in-several-parts-of-germany-report-several-fireballs-in-the-sky-leading-to-speculation-that-they-may-be-ufos-scientists-report-tha.md) _Context: unidentified flying object_
9. [ A major breakthrough in the study of ancient Greek and Roman texts may lead to the revelation of hundreds of lost comedies, tragedies and epic poems. Using an infrared technique originally developed for satellite imaging, classicists at Oxford University, in the past four days alone, have made a series of new discoveries from Oxyrhynchus, including writings by Sophocles, Euripides, Hesiod and other literary giants. It may also be used to reveal lost Christian gospels. ](/news/2005/04/17/a-major-breakthrough-in-the-study-of-ancient-greek-and-roman-texts-may-lead-to-the-revelation-of-hundreds-of-lost-comedies-tragedies-and-e.md) _Context: infrared_
