### [2006-05-2](/news/2006/05/2/index.md)

#  German hostages Ren Brunlich and Thomas Nitzschke are freed. Both were taken hostage in Iraq on January 24, 2006. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4966552.stm)

### Related:

1. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
2. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
3. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
4. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
5. [ A suicide car bomb at a market in Balad, Iraq kills 25. U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates also arrives in Iraq from a Germany security conference to meet with Iraqi leaders, General David Petraeus and U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker. ](/news/2008/02/10/a-suicide-car-bomb-at-a-market-in-balad-iraq-kills-25-u-s-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-also-arrives-in-iraq-from-a-germany-security.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: German archaeologist Susanne Osthoff is kidnapped in Iraq. ](/news/2005/11/25/conflict-in-iraq-german-archaeologist-susanne-osthoff-is-kidnapped-in-iraq.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
7. [ In Manchester, UK, 30 police raid a house at 5 a.m. and arrest a 40-year-old man on suspicion of involvement in suicide bombings in Iraq. Another man resident in the same house is believed to have gone to Iraq in February to carry out a bombing. Last week, police in Spain and Germany also made arrests in connection with bombings in Iraq, but it is not known if the cases are related. ](/news/2005/06/21/in-manchester-uk-30-police-raid-a-house-at-5-a-m-and-arrest-a-40-year-old-man-on-suspicion-of-involvement-in-suicide-bombings-in-iraq-a.md) _Context: Germany, Iraq_
8. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
