### [2006-05-2](/news/2006/05/2/index.md)

#  Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi officially hands in his resignation to President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi. Berlusconi was defeated by Romano Prodi in the April 9-10 elections, but Ciampi has asked him to remain in office, "for the handling of current affairs". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4963882.stm)
2. [Corriere](http://www.corriere.it/Primo_Piano/Politica/2006/05_Maggio/02/GOVERNO.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ In Italy, after three weeks of wrangling over a narrow election defeat, Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi finally says he will resign within a week, clearing the way for Romano Prodi and his L'Unione coalition to form a new government. ](/news/2006/04/29/in-italy-after-three-weeks-of-wrangling-over-a-narrow-election-defeat-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-finally-says-he-will-resign-within.md) _Context: April 9-10 elections, Romano Prodi, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [ The Italian Supreme Court has confirmed the victory of centre-left opposition candidate Romano Prodi in last week's contested Italian general election, 2006, dismissing complaints by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi that the vote was marred by irregularities. ](/news/2006/04/19/the-italian-supreme-court-has-confirmed-the-victory-of-centre-left-opposition-candidate-romano-prodi-in-last-week-s-contested-italian-gener.md) _Context: April 9-10 elections, Romano Prodi, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [ Italian general election, 2006: Romano Prodi declares victory in a tight election as preliminary results show L'Unione (The Union) ahead of Silvio Berlusconi's House of Freedoms by 0.1 percent in the Chamber of Deputies, but Berlusconi refuses to concede. ](/news/2006/04/10/italian-general-election-2006-romano-prodi-declares-victory-in-a-tight-election-as-preliminary-results-show-l-unione-the-union-ahead-of.md) _Context: April 9-10 elections, Romano Prodi, Silvio Berlusconi_
4. [Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is found guilty of abusing his power and having sex with an underage prostitute, and is sentenced to seven years in prison. ](/news/2013/06/24/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-is-found-guilty-of-abusing-his-power-and-having-sex-with-an-underage-prostitute-and-is-sent.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
5. [ Catania football violence: After calls from Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi to cancel all matches, Italian Football Federation commissioner Luca Pancalli indefinitely suspends all football matches in Italy while an investigation into riots on February 2, during which a 38-year-old police officer was killed and 71 people were injured, begins. [http://football.guardian.co.uk/continentalfootball/story/0,,2005154,00.html (The Guardian)] (Wikinews) ](/news/2007/02/3/catania-football-violence-after-calls-from-italian-prime-minister-romano-prodi-to-cancel-all-matches-italian-football-federation-commissi.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Romano Prodi_
6. [ Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi collapses while giving a speech in Tuscany and has to be carried from the podium by his aides. Doctors treating him afterwards blamed a sudden drop in blood pressure. ](/news/2006/11/26/former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-collapses-while-giving-a-speech-in-tuscany-and-has-to-be-carried-from-the-podium-by-his-aid.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [ The Italian parliament starts to vote in order to elect the successor of Carlo Azeglio Ciampi as President of the Italian Republic. Gianni Letta leads after the first round of balloting.](/news/2006/05/8/the-italian-parliament-starts-to-vote-in-order-to-elect-the-successor-of-carlo-azeglio-ciampi-as-president-of-the-italian-republic-gianni.md) _Context: Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, President_
8. [ Italian centre-left leader Romano Prodi is given the mandate to form a new government by President Giorgio Napolitano. Prodi is supposed to present his list of ministers on May 17. ](/news/2006/05/16/italian-centre-left-leader-romano-prodi-is-given-the-mandate-to-form-a-new-government-by-president-giorgio-napolitano-prodi-is-supposed-to.md) _Context: President, Romano Prodi_
9. [ On taking up the EU presidency, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi makes an embarrassing remark, causing an uproar of criticism from the 626-seat European Parliament and the European media, by insulting the German MEP Martin Schulz (SPD) with the words "Mr. Schulz, I know there is a producer in Italy who is making a film on the Nazi concentration camps. I will suggest you for the role of kapo. You'd be perfect."](/news/2003/07/2/on-taking-up-the-eu-presidency-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-makes-an-embarrassing-remark-causing-an-uproar-of-criticism-from.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
10. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial. An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: Silvio Berlusconi_
