### [2005-06-25](/news/2005/06/25/index.md)

#  A second case of mad cow disease has been confirmed in the United States. 




### Related:

1. [Indonesia suspends imports of beef from the United States after a dairy cow with mad cow disease is discovered in California. ](/news/2012/04/26/indonesia-suspends-imports-of-beef-from-the-united-states-after-a-dairy-cow-with-mad-cow-disease-is-discovered-in-california.md) _Context: United States, mad cow disease_
2. [South Korean retailers cease selling beef from the United States after a case of mad cow disease is reported. ](/news/2012/04/25/south-korean-retailers-cease-selling-beef-from-the-united-states-after-a-case-of-mad-cow-disease-is-reported.md) _Context: United States, mad cow disease_
3. [ South Korea renegotiates its beef import deal with the United States following widespread protests at the original deal due to concerns over mad cow disease. ](/news/2008/06/21/south-korea-renegotiates-its-beef-import-deal-with-the-united-states-following-widespread-protests-at-the-original-deal-due-to-concerns-ove.md) _Context: United States, mad cow disease_
4. [ Kim Jong-hoon, the South Korean Minister for Trade, heads to the United States to push for additional safeguards against mad cow disease in talks with Susan Schwab, the United States Trade Representative as protests continue in South Korea over the decision to resume importing beef from the United States. ](/news/2008/06/13/kim-jong-hoon-the-south-korean-minister-for-trade-heads-to-the-united-states-to-push-for-additional-safeguards-against-mad-cow-disease-in.md) _Context: United States, mad cow disease_
5. [ Beef from the United States goes on sale in Japan as a ban imposed due to mad cow disease in the U.S. is lifted. ](/news/2007/03/29/beef-from-the-united-states-goes-on-sale-in-japan-as-a-ban-imposed-due-to-mad-cow-disease-in-the-u-s-is-lifted.md) _Context: United States, mad cow disease_
6. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
