### [2007-07-30](/news/2007/07/30/index.md)

#  Agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Internal Revenue Service search the house of Senator Ted Stevens in Girdwood, Alaska. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://www.abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=3429531)

### Related:

1. [A de Havilland Canada DHC-3 Otter seaplane crashes near Aleknagik, Alaska, killing five people, including former U.S. Senator Ted Stevens. Former NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe and O'Keefe's son were aboard the plane, but survived. ](/news/2010/08/10/a-de-havilland-canada-dhc-3-otter-seaplane-crashes-near-aleknagik-alaska-killing-five-people-including-former-u-s-senator-ted-stevens-f.md) _Context: Ted Stevens, United States Senate_
2. [ FBI and IRS agents arrests 44 people, including five rabbis, two New Jersey state legislators, and three mayors in Operation Bid Rig. ](/news/2009/07/24/fbi-and-irs-agents-arrests-44-people-including-five-rabbis-two-new-jersey-state-legislators-and-three-mayors-in-operation-bid-rig.md) _Context: FBI, Internal Revenue Service_
3. [ United States District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan overturns the conviction of former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. ](/news/2009/04/7/united-states-district-judge-emmet-g-sullivan-overturns-the-conviction-of-former-alaska-senator-ted-stevens.md) _Context: Ted Stevens, United States Senate_
4. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: FBI, United States Senate_
5. [ Alaskan Senator Ted Stevens is found guilty on all seven counts of lying on United States Senate financial documents.  ](/news/2008/10/27/alaskan-senator-ted-stevens-is-found-guilty-on-all-seven-counts-of-lying-on-united-states-senate-financial-documents.md) _Context: Ted Stevens, United States Senate_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
