### [2007-07-30](/news/2007/07/30/index.md)

#  Papua New Guinea's Electoral Commission extends the counting period for the recent election due to polling and counting delays in some seats. 

Papua New Guinea&#039;s Electoral Commission has extended the counting period in the country&#039;s national elections by one week because of polling and counting delays.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/30/1991804.htm)

### Related:

1. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island.  No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
2. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and  the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
3. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
4. [A court in Papua New Guinea orders the closure of the facility housing migrants. ](/news/2016/08/3/a-court-in-papua-new-guinea-orders-the-closure-of-the-facility-housing-migrants.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
5. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
6. [Papua New Guinea student protestsPapua New Guinea student protest leader Noel Anjo says demonstrations  will continue despite the court order barring protests.  "The students are not going to give up until and unless the prime minister resigns or surrenders himself to police and is arrested and charged," Anjo said. ](/news/2016/06/9/papua-new-guinea-student-protestsppapua-new-guinea-student-protest-leader-noel-anjo-says-demonstrations-will-continue-despite-the-court-ord.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
7. [Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. ](/news/2016/05/6/head-of-australia-s-department-of-immigration-mike-pezzullo-denies-that-the-detention-centre-for-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-must-be-clos.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
8. [Anti-government protests erupt across Papua New Guinea against Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, calling on him to resign. Papua New Guinea has been in a state of political turmoil since 2014 when the Prime Minister was accused of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2016/05/28/anti-government-protests-erupt-across-papua-new-guinea-against-prime-minister-peter-o-neill-calling-on-him-to-resign-papua-new-guinea-has.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
9. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of the Vanuatu island of Malakula, prompting the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) to issue a tsunami warning for the coasts of New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, which was later cancelled. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-hits-off-the-coast-of-the-vanuatu-island-of-malakula-prompting-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-ptwc-to-issu.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
10. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
