### [2007-07-30](/news/2007/07/30/index.md)

#  The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. 

U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Defense Secretary Robert Gates headed for the Middle East on Monday, armed with big military aid plans for allies and seeking their help with Iraq.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN3043506420070730?feedType=RSS)

### Related:

1. [ The President of Russia Vladimir Putin threatens to renounce the Cold War-era INF Treaty while calling on the United States to abandon a proposed European missile shield in talks with the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defence Robert Gates. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-threatens-to-renounce-the-cold-war-era-inf-treaty-while-calling-on-the-united-states-to-abandon-a-pr.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Robert Gates, United States, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates meets with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal Al-Maliki and U.S. military leaders in Iraq to discuss the effectiveness of the current military campaign. ](/news/2007/06/15/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-meets-with-iraqi-prime-minister-nuri-kamal-al-maliki-and-u-s-military-leaders-in-iraq-to-d.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Iraq, Robert Gates, United States_
3. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East, United States_
4. [US Defense Secretary Robert Gates reviews allegations of misconduct in Afghanistan by the private military company formerly known as Blackwater, Xe Services LLC. ](/news/2010/03/6/us-defense-secretary-robert-gates-reviews-allegations-of-misconduct-in-afghanistan-by-the-private-military-company-formerly-known-as-blackwa.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Robert Gates, United States_
5. [U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates makes his first visit to Pakistan. ](/news/2010/01/21/u-s-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-makes-his-first-visit-to-pakistan.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Robert Gates, United States_
6. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, United States, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warns Iran that it should have no doubt that the United States will defend its allies including Israel. ](/news/2008/07/10/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-warns-iran-that-it-should-have-no-doubt-that-the-united-states-will-defend-its-allies.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, United States, United States Secretary of State_
8. [ Condoleezza Rice, the United States Secretary of State, criticises a planned expansion of Israeli housing in East Jerusalem as "not helpful" to the Middle East peace process. ](/news/2008/06/14/condoleezza-rice-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-criticises-a-planned-expansion-of-israeli-housing-in-east-jerusalem-as-not-helpful.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Middle East, United States Secretary of State_
9. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice announces that retired United States Marine Corps General James L. Jones will be a special envoy for Middle East security. ](/news/2007/11/28/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-announces-that-retired-united-states-marine-corps-general-james-l-jones-will-be-a-sp.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Middle East, United States Secretary of State_
10. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, United States, United States Secretary of State_
