### [2007-07-30](/news/2007/07/30/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown pledge to continue close relations in their first meeting. 

Prime Minister Gordon Brown of Britain indicated that he mostly shared President Bush’s views on terrorism and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/30/washington/30cnd-prexy.html?ex=1343448000&en=2221f8575b42f835&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [ Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown arrives in the United States for his first official meeting with President George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/07/29/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-arrives-in-the-united-states-for-his-first-official-meeting-with-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, United States President_
2. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, United States President_
3. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, United States President_
4. [ Tony Blair, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, meets with the President of the United States George W. Bush for the final time before his departure from politics. ](/news/2007/05/16/tony-blair-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-for-the-final-time-befor.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Prime Minister, United States President_
5. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Prime Minister, United States President_
6. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Prime Minister, United States President_
8. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
9. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
10. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
