### [2011-09-16](/news/2011/09/16/index.md)

# The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. 

A civil war has broken out in the Health Services Union after president Michael Williamson refused to step down as police investigate alleged &#034;inappropriate practices&#034;.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/nsw/health-union-chief-refuses-to-step-down-as-union-quits-alp-20110916-1kcwa.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Australian parliamentarian Craig Thomson is found guilty of theft and fraud during his time as national secretary of the Health Services Union. ](/news/2014/02/18/former-australian-parliamentarian-craig-thomson-is-found-guilty-of-theft-and-fraud-during-his-time-as-national-secretary-of-the-health-servi.md) _Context: Craig Thomson, Health Services Union, Lower House_
2. [ Australia:: New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/australia-new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Victoria_
3. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
4. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Labor Party, Lower House_
5. [Australian east coast low: The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales_
6. [Australian east coast low: Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/australian-east-coast-low-three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales_
7. [ Australian east coast low: New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
8. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Labor Party, Victoria_
9. [Australian House of Representatives member Craig Thomson is arrested to face at least 149 charges of fraud in relation to his former position as National Secretary of the Health Services Union. ](/news/2013/01/31/australian-house-of-representatives-member-craig-thomson-is-arrested-to-face-at-least-149-charges-of-fraud-in-relation-to-his-former-positio.md) _Context: Craig Thomson, Health Services Union_
10. [Filmmakers Mike deGruy of Santa Barbara, California and Andrew Wight of Victoria die in a helicopter crash in the Australian town of Berry, New South Wales. ](/news/2012/02/4/filmmakers-mike-degruy-of-santa-barbara-california-and-andrew-wight-of-victoria-die-in-a-helicopter-crash-in-the-australian-town-of-berry.md) _Context: New South Wales, Victoria_
