### [2011-09-16](/news/2011/09/16/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yusuf Raza Gilani, cancels a visit to the United States to address the United Nations General Assembly as a result of the 2011 Sindh floods. 

Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani has canceled a visit to the United States to attend the U.N. General Assembly session to direct relief efforts as floods devastate southern Pakistan, his office said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/16/us-pakistan-floods-gilani-idUSTRE78F0S620110916)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani warns the United States that it will defend its air space from incursions following the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound and denies collaborating with al-Qaeda. ](/news/2011/05/9/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yusuf-raza-gilani-warns-the-united-states-that-it-will-defend-its-air-space-from-incursions-following-the-rai.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yusuf Raza Gilani_
2. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani commences a state visit to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/05/17/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yusuf-raza-gilani-commences-a-state-visit-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yusuf Raza Gilani_
3. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrives for a working visit in Pakistan and meets with Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani. ](/news/2010/12/18/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-arrives-for-a-working-visit-in-pakistan-and-meets-with-pakistani-prime-minister-yusuf-raza-gilani.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yusuf Raza Gilani_
4. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-capital-islamabad-against.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres  its next Secretary-General. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-united-nations-general-assembly-officially-appoints-former-portuguese-prime-minister-anta3nio-guterres-its-next-secretary-general.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
7. [In his final speech as President of the United States to the United Nations General Assembly, Barack Obama calls for a renewed commitment to collaborative efforts in facing many of the challenges confronting "an integrated world" community. ](/news/2016/09/20/in-his-final-speech-as-president-of-the-united-states-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-barack-obama-calls-for-a-renewed-commitment-to.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
8. [Ali Haider Gilani, the son of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Yousaf Raza Gilani, is rescued in a joint operation by U.S. and Afghan forces three years after he was kidnapped by suspected Taliban militants. ](/news/2016/05/10/ali-haider-gilani-the-son-of-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yousaf-raza-gilani-is-rescued-in-a-joint-operation-by-u-s-and-afghan-force.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif bows to opposition demands that he ask Pakistan's chief justice to set up an independent commission to investigate offshore accounts linked to his family. Sharif said he would accept the commission's findings and even resign if called upon. ](/news/2016/04/23/prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-bows-to-opposition-demands-that-he-ask-pakistan-s-chief-justice-to-set-up-an-independent-commission.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
