### [2015-05-28](/news/2015/05/28/index.md)

# Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is indicted for allegedly trying to evade banking reporting requirements and lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigations. 

Dennis Hastert was charged with structuring cash withdrawals to evade currency transaction reporting requirements and lying to the FBI.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/id/102695146)

### Related:

1. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is sentenced to 15 months in prison for breaking banking laws in order to make payments to cover sexual misconduct from past decades. ](/news/2016/04/27/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-sentenced-to-15-months-in-prison-for-breaking-banking-laws-in.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [Dennis Hastert, former United States Speaker of the House of Representatives (1999-2007), pleaded guilty to a federal financial crime in a hush money case stemming from sexual misconduct allegations. The sentencing hearing is scheduled for February 29, 2016. The crime carries a sentence of up to five years in prison and $250,000 fine. Prosecutors recommend zero to six months imprisonment. ](/news/2015/10/28/dennis-hastert-former-united-states-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-1999-2007-pleaded-guilty-to-a-federal-financial-crime-in-a.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
3. [ Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert sits down with ethics investigators trying to determine when he and his staff learned about ex-Rep. Mark Foley's come-ons to former male pages and what they did to stop it. ](/news/2006/10/24/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-sits-down-with-ethics-investigators-trying-to-determine-when-he-and-hi.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [ The ABC News claims that Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is under investigation for corruption, but the Justice Department issues a denial. ](/news/2006/05/24/the-abc-news-claims-that-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-under-investigation-for-corruption-but-th.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
5. [ Dennis Hastert becomes Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.](/news/1999/01/6/dennis-hastert-becomes-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Dennis Hastert, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
6. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash. Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: indicted_
7. [2016 South Korean political scandal. An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal.md) _Context: indicted_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2016. Paul Ryan, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, rules out seeking or accepting the Republican Party nomination in 2016. ](/news/2016/04/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-paul-ryan-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-rules-out-seeking-or-accepting.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
9. [G7 foreign ministers meeting. John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meeting-john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peac.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
10. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
