### [2015-05-28](/news/2015/05/28/index.md)

# Independent lawmaker Catherine Murphy raises fresh allegations in Ireland's Dail against billionaire Denis O'Brien, prompting criticism over the silence of the country's media (much of it owned by O'Brien). 

Independent TD Catherine Murphy has spoken in the Dáil about the business relationship between Denis O&#39;Brien and the Irish Bank Resolution Corporation (IBRC) - the former Anglo Irish Bank - including alleged details of his loans.


### Source:

1. [Broadsheet](http://www.broadsheet.ie/2015/05/28/redacteds-1-25-interest-rate/)
2. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2015/0528/704498-dail-leaders/)
3. [UP Report](http://theupreport.org/2015/05/28/catherine-murphy-td-exposes-what-rte-wont/)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Denis O'Brien, Dáil Éireann_
2. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
3. [Denis O'Brien receives EUR150,000 in his case against the ''Irish Daily Mail'', marking the first time the defence of honest opinion was used in a defamation case in Ireland after its introduction as part of the Defamation Act 2009. ](/news/2013/02/14/denis-o-brien-receives-a-150-000-in-his-case-against-the-irish-daily-mail-marking-the-first-time-the-defence-of-honest-opinion-was-use.md) _Context: Denis O'Brien_
4. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
5. [John Logue, President of the Union of Students in Ireland, is arrested and taken from Dail Eireann in handcuffs after turning his back on legislators while peacefully protesting against budget cuts. ](/news/2012/11/14/john-logue-president-of-the-union-of-students-in-ireland-is-arrested-and-taken-from-da-il-aireann-in-handcuffs-after-turning-his-back-on.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
6. [Leslie Buckley, a close associate of Denis O'Brien, is elected chairman of Independent News & Media. ](/news/2012/08/27/leslie-buckley-a-close-associate-of-denis-o-brien-is-elected-chairman-of-independent-news-media.md) _Context: Denis O'Brien_
7. [Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/6/irish-government-lawmaker-denis-naughten-votes-against-his-own-government-over-cuts-to-a-hospital-amid-protests-by-hundreds-of-people-outsi.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
8. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
9. [Irish senator Ned O'Sullivan admits making "around a dozen" of the thousands of phone calls originating from Dail Eireann to help TD Michael Healy-Rae win a charity reality TV show four years ago. Taxpayers then picked up the bill. ](/news/2011/06/29/irish-senator-ned-o-sullivan-admits-making-around-a-dozen-of-the-thousands-of-phone-calls-originating-from-da-il-aireann-to-help-td-micha.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
10. [Ireland's parliament is involved in controversy amid newspaper reports that thousands of phone calls were made from Dail Eireann to help TD Michael Healy-Rae win a charity reality TV show four years ago. Taxpayers then picked up the bill. ](/news/2011/06/28/ireland-s-parliament-is-involved-in-controversy-amid-newspaper-reports-that-thousands-of-phone-calls-were-made-from-da-il-aireann-to-help-t.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
