### [2015-05-28](/news/2015/05/28/index.md)

# Tornadoes of 2015 and The death toll from the recent storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma rises to 21 with 11 people missing. Fourteen more people have been killed in northern Mexico. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/punishing-storms-texas-test-government-emergency-response-31328110)

### Related:

1. [Dozens of people are rescued in the US state of Texas. The death toll from floods in Texas and Oklahoma has reached 24 dead with 13 missing with another 15 people dead from tornadoes in northern Mexico and Texas. ](/news/2015/05/29/dozens-of-people-are-rescued-in-the-us-state-of-texas-the-death-toll-from-floods-in-texas-and-oklahoma-has-reached-24-dead-with-13-missing.md) _Context: 2015 Texas-Oklahoma flood and tornado outbreak, Mexican, Oklahoma!, Texas_
2. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
3. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
5. [Ethan Couch, the so-called "affluenza" teen who violated probation for killing four people when driving while intoxicated when he disappeared from Tarrant County, Texas, is taken into custody in Mexico.  Mexican officials will remand Couch and his mother, with whom he fled, to the U.S. Marshals Service. ](/news/2015/12/29/ethan-couch-the-so-called-aaffluenzaa-teen-who-violated-probation-for-killing-four-people-when-driving-while-intoxicated-when-he-disapp.md) _Context: Mexican, Texas_
6. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: Texas, Tornadoes of 2015_
7. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Texas, Tornadoes of 2015_
8. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
9. [Tornadoes of 2015: Tornadoes are reported across several states in the Great Plains region of the United States including Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska. ](/news/2015/05/6/tornadoes-of-2015-tornadoes-are-reported-across-several-states-in-the-great-plains-region-of-the-united-states-including-oklahoma-kansas-a.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Tornadoes of 2015_
10. [A tornado kills at least thirteen people in the Mexican city of Ciudad Acuna and injures 88. ](/news/2015/05/25/a-tornado-kills-at-least-thirteen-people-in-the-mexican-city-of-ciudad-acua-a-and-injures-88.md) _Context: Mexican, Tornadoes of 2015_
