
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/08/15/during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastructure-policy-presi.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/08/15/during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastructure-policy-presi.json)  [XML](/news/2017/08/15/during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastructure-policy-presi.xml)  

### [2017-08-15](/news/2017/08/15/index.md)

##### Unite the Right rally
# During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. 

President Trump told reporters the counter-protesters demonstrating against white nationalists are also to blame for violence in Charlottesville Saturday. 


### Sources:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/trump-lashes-alt-left-charlottesville-fine-people-sides/story?id=49235032)
2. [CNBC](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/14/intel-ceo-quit-trumps-manufacturing-council.html)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/trump-defends-all-sides-comment-n793001)
4. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/15/business/trump-councils-ceos.html)
4. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_33/2121071/170815-donald-trump-se-421p_437c115b70c0b0109c098d53c4a135be.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally: During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executi.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (First version)_
2. [Aftermath of the During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastruct.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
3. [ Aftermath of the During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastru.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
4. [Aftermath of the During a flying press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-during-a-flying-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infr.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
4. [During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastructure-policy-presi.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump Tower_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump meets with Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales. Trump thanks Morales for having supported the decision of the United States to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. They discuss various issues about the crisis in Venezuela, drug trafficking and the UN anti-corruption commission. ](/news/2018/02/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-meets-with-guatemalan-president-jimmy-morales-trump-thanks-morales-for-having-supported-the-decision-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump authorizes Congress to release the Nunes memo, against the wishes of the FBI, Department of Justice, and lawmakers from both sides, all of whom say that the document's release poses a risk to national security. ](/news/2018/02/2/u-s-president-donald-trump-authorizes-congress-to-release-the-nunes-memo-against-the-wishes-of-the-fbi-department-of-justice-and-lawmake.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump's former chief strategist Steve Bannon is interviewed over two days this week as part of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. ](/news/2018/02/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-former-chief-strategist-steve-bannon-is-interviewed-over-two-days-this-week-as-part-of-the-investigation-into.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Michael D. Cohen, the private lawyer of U.S. President Donald Trump, says he made a "lawful" US$130,000 payment to porn star Stephanie Clifford, aka Stormy Daniels, from his own private funds. The statement to "The New York Times" comes after the Common Cause organization on January 22, 2018, filed a complaint about the payment with the Federal Election Commission. ](/news/2018/02/14/michael-d-cohen-the-private-lawyer-of-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-made-a-lawful-us-130-000-payment-to-porn-star-stephanie-cliff.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
