### [2004-04-29](/news/2004/04/29/index.md)

#  President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney meet in private with all 10 members of the 9/11 Commission. 




### Source:

1. [PolitInfo](http://www.politinfo.com/articles/article_2004_04_29_3603.html)

### Related:

1. [ US President George W. Bush signs a bill to implement recommendations of the 9-11 Commission. ](/news/2007/08/3/us-president-george-w-bush-signs-a-bill-to-implement-recommendations-of-the-9-11-commission.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, George W. Bush_
2. [ Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, a top aide to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, accused Vice-President Dick Cheney of ignoring a decision by President Bush on the treatment of prisoners in the war on terror. ](/news/2005/11/29/colonel-lawrence-wilkerson-a-top-aide-to-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-accused-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-ignoring-a-decision.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, George W. Bush_
3. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5941189/ (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http://www.misleader.org/daily_mislead/Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/B/BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean/AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, George W. Bush_
4. [ More than 400,000 demonstrators march in New York City, protesting U.S. President George W. Bush and the policies of the Republican Party on the eve of the 2004 Republican National Convention. Republican delegates and politicians, including Vice President Dick Cheney, also begin to arrive in the city. ](/news/2004/08/29/more-than-400-000-demonstrators-march-in-new-york-city-protesting-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-the-policies-of-the-republican-party-o.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, George W. Bush_
5. [ US Congress passes a $350 billion tax cut plan. The plan is less than half the size of President Bush's original proposal. Vice President Dick Cheney casts the deciding vote, breaking the 50-50 tie in the Senate ](/news/2003/05/23/us-congress-passes-a-350-billion-tax-cut-plan-the-plan-is-less-than-half-the-size-of-president-bush-s-original-proposal-vice-president-d.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, George W. Bush_
6. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
