### [2017-06-4](/news/2017/06/4/index.md)

# All major parties suspend their campaigns following last night's terror attack in London. The general election, scheduled for June 8, is not expected to be postponed. 

Britain&#039;s political parties have suspended national general election campaigning in the wake of the London Bridge attack, which killed six people. Labour, Conservatives, Lib Dem, Green and SNP spokespeople announced on Sunday morning that they would temporarily stand down.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/london-bridge-borough-market-attack-general-election-campaign-suspended-conservatives-labour-latest-a7771711.html)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia provokes outrage for failing to observe a minutes silence at a World Cup qualifier at Adelaide Oval. The minute silence was in commemoration of the two Australian victims of the June 2017 London attack. The incident received condemnation from Australia's political leaders.](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabia-provokes-outrage-for-failing-to-observe-a-minutes-silence-at-a-world-cup-qualifier-at-adelaide-oval-the-minute-silence-was-in.md) _Context: June 2017 London attack_
2. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliament majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliament-major.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [  In the early hours of Sunday morning, explosions are heard around London Bridge, believed to be controlled explosions carried out by the police. ](/news/2017/06/4/in-the-early-hours-of-sunday-morning-explosions-are-heard-around-london-bridge-believed-to-be-controlled-explosions-carried-out-by-the-p.md) _Context: June 2017 London attack_
5. [A van travelling at approximately 50&nbsp;mph ploughs into pedestrians on London Bridge; the three occupants then abandon the van and embark on a stabbing spree in Borough Market before being shot dead by officers of the Metropolitan Police. At least six civilians are killed. ](/news/2017/06/3/a-van-travelling-at-approximately-50-nbsp-mph-ploughs-into-pedestrians-on-london-bridge-the-three-occupants-then-abandon-the-van-and-embark.md) _Context: June 2017 London attack_
6. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-the-death-toll-is-22-with-59-inju.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-allegedly-planned-on-reducing-social-welfa.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
