### [2017-06-4](/news/2017/06/4/index.md)

# The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". 

U.S.-backed Syrian militias said they seized a major dam on the Euphrates river from Islamic State on Sunday, their latest gain as they push towards Raqqa city.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-raqqa-idUSKBN18V0EX?il=0)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170604&t=2&i=1187490962&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED530BT)

### Related:

1. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIL, Raqqa, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
3. [The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) backed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, seize control of the strategic Tishrin Dam on the Euphrates in eastern Aleppo from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/12/27/the-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-backed-by-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-seize-control-of-the-strategic-tishrin-dam-on-the-euphrates-in-e.md) _Context: Euphrates, ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
4. [A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches-an-offensive-against-islamic-state-forces-in-the-nort.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
5. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: ISIL, Raqqa, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Euphrates, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, United States_
8. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [A U.S.-led coalition airstrike on a school west of Raqqa, kills at least 33 people. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-u-s-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-school-west-of-raqqa-kills-at-least-33-people.md) _Context: Raqqa, Syrian Civil War, United States_
10. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, United States_
