### [2003-11-30](/news/2003/11/30/index.md)

#  In tennis, Australia wins the Davis Cup by three rubbers to one when Mark Philippoussis defeats Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain in the first reverse singles match, played in Melbourne. It is the 28th time Australia has won the trophy, the most prestigious title in men's team tennis.




### Related:

1. [ Robin Soderling of Sweden defeats world-number-one, four-time French Open and defending champion Rafael Nadal of Spain in tennis's 2009 French Open. ](/news/2009/05/31/robin-sapderling-of-sweden-defeats-world-number-one-four-time-french-open-and-defending-champion-rafael-nadal-of-spain-in-tennis-s-2009-fr.md) _Context: Spanish, tennis_
2. [ Tennis: Andy Roddick defeated Spain's Juan Carlos Ferrero in straight sets (6-3, 7-6, 6-3) in the Men's Singles Final at the U.S. Open. This marks the first Grand Slam victory for the 21-year-old American.](/news/2003/09/7/tennis-andy-roddick-defeated-spain-s-juan-carlos-ferrero-in-straight-sets-6a3-7a6-6a3-in-the-men-s-singles-final-at-the-u-s-ope.md) _Context: Juan Carlos Ferrero, tennis_
3. [The government of Catalonia holds a public referendum on whether their region should gain independence from Spain, despite the Spanish courts and government declaring the vote illegal and deploying police to deter voters. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." ](/news/2017/10/1/the-government-of-catalonia-holds-a-public-referendum-on-whether-their-region-should-gain-independence-from-spain-despite-the-spanish-court.md) _Context: Spanish_
4. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Spanish_
5. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
6. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Spanish_
7. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Spanish_
8. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Spanish_
9. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
10. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spanish_
