### [2003-11-30](/news/2003/11/30/index.md)

#  Nathaniel Jones, a 41-year-old, 350 lb unarmed black man dies after being clubbed by police with metal truncheons in Cincinnati, Ohio. Six police officers are suspended from duty afterwards. A video of the beating, captured by the video camera mounted in an officer's cruiser, is released to the public, stoking racial tensions in Cincinnati nearly three years after the city was rocked by riots. Preliminary autopsy results show that Jones had an enlarged heart, and his blood contained cocaine and PCP, Hamilton County Coroner Carl Parrott says.




### Related:

1. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
2. [A shooting in Cincinnati, Ohio, kills one person and injures fourteen others. ](/news/2017/03/26/a-shooting-in-cincinnati-ohio-kills-one-person-and-injures-fourteen-others.md) _Context: Cincinnati, Ohio_
3. [The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Oklahoma City reports that an unarmed black man, Terence Crutcher, shot dead on September 16, by a white police officer, Betty Jo Shelby, had acute PCP intoxication. Authorities charged her with first-degree manslaughter. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-office-of-the-chief-medical-examiner-in-oklahoma-city-reports-that-an-unarmed-black-man-terence-crutcher-shot-dead-on-september-16-by.md) _Context: acute PCP intoxication_
4. [Colombian, Italian, and U.S. police seize 11 tonnes of cocaine smuggled to various countries and arrest 33 people across Colombia and Italy after the discovery of seven laboratories in the Colombian jungle run by local organized criminal groups and 'Ndrangheta. ](/news/2016/06/30/colombian-italian-and-u-s-police-seize-11-tonnes-of-cocaine-smuggled-to-various-countries-and-arrest-33-people-across-colombia-and-italy.md) _Context: cocaine_
5. [An autopsy finds that American musician Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, an opioid painkiller 50 times more powerful than heroin. ](/news/2016/06/2/an-autopsy-finds-that-american-musician-prince-died-of-an-overdose-of-fentanyl-an-opioid-painkiller-50-times-more-powerful-than-heroin.md) _Context: autopsy_
6. [ Colombian police announce the seizure of about 8 tonne of cocaine in an operation targeting the Clan Usuga gang. This would make it the biggest seizure of drugs in the history of Colombia. ](/news/2016/05/16/colombian-police-announce-the-seizure-of-about-8-tonne-of-cocaine-in-an-operation-targeting-the-clan-asuga-gang-this-would-make-it-the-bi.md) _Context: cocaine_
7. [The Carver County, Minnesota Sheriff's office conducts an autopsy on Prince to determine cause of death. ](/news/2016/04/22/the-carver-county-minnesota-sheriff-s-office-conducts-an-autopsy-on-prince-to-determine-cause-of-death.md) _Context: autopsy_
8. [Two nephews of Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for-c.md) _Context: cocaine_
9. [A member of the Saudi Royal Family and four other people are detained in Lebanon for attempting to smuggle about two tons of Captagon pills and some cocaine on a private jet. This is the largest drug seizure in the history of Beirut's Rafik Hariri International Airport, according to Lebanon's state-run National News Agency. ](/news/2015/10/26/a-member-of-the-saudi-royal-family-and-four-other-people-are-detained-in-lebanon-for-attempting-to-smuggle-about-two-tons-of-captagon-pills.md) _Context: cocaine_
10. [Six current and former Gold Coast Titans players are charged with supplying cocaine including Greg Bird, Dave Taylor, Beau Falloon, Jamie Dowling and Kalifa Faifai Loa with all players stood down for the coming Australian National Rugby League season. ](/news/2015/02/22/six-current-and-former-gold-coast-titans-players-are-charged-with-supplying-cocaine-including-greg-bird-dave-taylor-beau-falloon-jamie-do.md) _Context: cocaine_
