### [2003-11-30](/news/2003/11/30/index.md)

#  "The Observer" newspaper reports that a deal is imminent to repatriate British men being held in Guantanamo Bay.




### Related:

1. [At the Leveson Inquiry into media standards Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond claims that "The Observer" accessed his bank account records in the run up to the 1999 Scottish Parliament election. ](/news/2012/06/13/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-standards-scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-claims-that-the-observer-accessed-his-bank-account-record.md) _Context: The Observer_
2. [Writing in "The Observer", British Prime Minister David Cameron defends his vision for a Big Society, dismissing claims that it is a "cover" for spending cuts. ](/news/2011/02/13/writing-in-the-observer-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-defends-his-vision-for-a-big-society-dismissing-claims-that-it-is-a-cover.md) _Context: The Observer_
3. [Prime Minister Gordon Brown battles a book published in "The Observer" which makes claims of bullying, including grabbing a secretary, stabbing with a pen and shouting expletives as members of his own staff contact the National Bullying Helpline to express their "concerns". ](/news/2010/02/21/prime-minister-gordon-brown-battles-a-book-published-in-the-observer-which-makes-claims-of-bullying-including-grabbing-a-secretary-stabb.md) _Context: The Observer_
4. [ Apparel manufacturer Gap Inc. convenes all of its Indian suppliers to "forcefully reiterate" its prohibition on child labor after "The Observer" found children young as 10 making clothing for it in a New Delhi sweatshop. ](/news/2007/10/28/apparel-manufacturer-gap-inc-convenes-all-of-its-indian-suppliers-to-forcefully-reiterate-its-prohibition-on-child-labor-after-the-obse.md) _Context: The Observer_
5. [ A report by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation reveals that twenty-six of their employees witnessed abuse at the Guantnamo Bay detainment camp in Cuba. ](/news/2007/01/2/a-report-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-reveals-that-twenty-six-of-their-employees-witnessed-abuse-at-the-guantanamo.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
6. [ The US government has rebuffed UK calls to close its controversial detention centre at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-us-government-has-rebuffed-uk-calls-to-close-its-controversial-detention-centre-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
7. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
8. [ The United States government agrees to apply parts of the Geneva Convention to detainees held at the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp, but does not change their status from enemy combatants to POWs. ](/news/2006/07/11/the-united-states-government-agrees-to-apply-parts-of-the-geneva-convention-to-detainees-held-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-but-do.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
9. [ The Supreme Court of the United States rules in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld" that the Bush Administration has no authority to try detained prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay by military tribunal, and that the proceedings violate the Geneva Convention as well as the US constitution. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-rules-in-hamdan-v-rumsfeld-that-the-bush-administration-has-no-authority-to-try-detained-prisoner.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
10. [ Three prisoners commit suicide at Guantanamo Bay detainment camp in protest against the internationally criticized conditions at the camp. Human rights organizations express concern.](/news/2006/06/10/three-prisoners-commit-suicide-at-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-in-protest-against-the-internationally-criticized-conditions-at-the-camp.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
