### [2003-11-30](/news/2003/11/30/index.md)

#  There is evidence that the tuberculosis drug D-cycloserine may be the first effective agent for the treatment of phobias.




### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death-d.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
2. [Sun Sea, a cargo ship carrying around 490 Tamil migrants, refugees and suspected human smugglers and Tamil Tigers as well as reports of tuberculosis outbreaks is scheduled to arrive in Esquimalt, British Columbia. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Canadian Navy are escorting and boarding the ship, and the ship's captain is suspected by the Sri Lankan Government of being a gun runner. ](/news/2010/08/13/sun-sea-a-cargo-ship-carrying-around-490-tamil-migrants-refugees-and-suspected-human-smugglers-and-tamil-tigers-as-well-as-reports-of-tube.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
3. [Researchers use X-ray techniques to discover that Rose of Viterbo died from thrombus in her heart, not tuberculosis as originally thought. ](/news/2010/06/11/researchers-use-x-ray-techniques-to-discover-that-rose-of-viterbo-died-from-thrombus-in-her-heart-not-tuberculosis-as-originally-thought.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
4. [ The Moscow City Court rules that former Yukos Oil Company vice president Vasily Aleksanyan, who is suffering from lymphoma, tuberculosis, and AIDS, will be freed on bail of 50 million rubles (US$1.78 million). ](/news/2008/12/8/the-moscow-city-court-rules-that-former-yukos-oil-company-vice-president-vasily-aleksanyan-who-is-suffering-from-lymphoma-tuberculosis-a.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
5. [ The United States House of Representatives votes to provide $50 billion over five years to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria in Africa and other third world areas. ](/news/2008/04/2/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-provide-50-billion-over-five-years-to-fight-aids-tuberculosis-and-malaria-in-africa-a.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
6. [ Clinical trials for MVA85A, a new vaccine against tuberculosis, are started in South Africa. ](/news/2007/07/27/clinical-trials-for-mva85a-a-new-vaccine-against-tuberculosis-are-started-in-south-africa.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
7. [ After a couple of days of delay, Zimbabwe frees 61 alleged mercenaries accused of connection to coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea and allows them return to South Africa. The men say they were told they were hired to guard mines in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. One man remains in Zimbabwe due to tuberculosis. ](/news/2005/05/15/after-a-couple-of-days-of-delay-zimbabwe-frees-61-alleged-mercenaries-accused-of-connection-to-coup-attempt-in-equatorial-guinea-and-allow.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
8. [ The World Health Organization states that tuberculosis cases in some African countries have tripled since 1990. There are also resistant strains of tuberculosis in Russia. ](/news/2005/03/24/the-world-health-organization-states-that-tuberculosis-cases-in-some-african-countries-have-tripled-since-1990-there-are-also-resistant-st.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
9. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: phobia_
10. [ WTO deal to allow poor countries to bypass drug patents and import cheap copies to treat AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis.](/news/2003/08/30/wto-deal-to-allow-poor-countries-to-bypass-drug-patents-and-import-cheap-copies-to-treat-aids-malaria-and-tuberculosis.md) _Context: tuberculosis_
