### [2008-05-22](/news/2008/05/22/index.md)

#  California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Cruz County for the ongoing Summit Fire burning in the Santa Cruz Mountains. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/US/05/22/summit.wildfire/?iref=mpstoryview)
2. [KSBW](http://www.ksbw.com/news/16361951/detail.html)

### Related:

1. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency, due to severe drought. ](/news/2009/02/28/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-severe-drought.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California, states of emergency_
2. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in Santa Barbara County, California with hundreds of people ordered to evacuate due to wildfire. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-santa-barbara-county-california-with-hundreds-of-people.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California, states of emergency_
3. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency in San Luis Obispo County, following an earthquake in that county on the previous day. [http://www.cnn.com/2003/US/West/12/23/ca.earthquake/index.html]](/news/2003/12/23/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-san-luis-obispo-county-following-an-earthquake-in-that-county-o.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California, states of emergency_
4. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: California, Governor of California, states of emergency_
5. [Governor of the U.S. state of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a "fiscal state of emergency" requiring most state employees to take three days a month of unpaid leave until a new budget is enacted. ](/news/2010/07/28/governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-fiscal-state-of-emergency-requiring-most-state-employees-to-take.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California, states of emergency_
6. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger delivers a speech regarding the state's financial crisis, favoring state spending cuts rather than the issuing of bonds. ](/news/2009/06/13/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-delivers-a-speech-regarding-the-state-s-financial-crisis-favoring-state-spending-cuts-rather-tha.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
7. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger acts to end a budget crisis by firing 22,000 California state workers and cutting the pay of 200,000 more. ](/news/2008/07/31/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-acts-to-end-a-budget-crisis-by-firing-22-000-california-state-workers-and-cutting-the-pay.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
8. [ The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger declares a state of emergency to clean up an oil spill in San Francisco Bay caused by a container ship hitting the San Francisco Bay Bridge on Wednesday. ](/news/2007/11/9/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-clean-up-an-oil-spill-in-san-francisco-bay-caused-by-a-co.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of California, states of emergency_
9. [ Arnold Schwarzenegger, Governor of the U.S. state of California, declares a state of emergency, and a reward of USD $500,000 is offered for the capture of the arsonist responsible for the wildfires started in the Twin Pines area of the state.](/news/2006/10/27/arnold-schwarzenegger-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-california-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-a-reward-of-usd-500-000-is-offered-for.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, states of emergency_
10. [ California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger announced he would veto a bill allowing same-sex marriage citing the March 2000 Proposition 22 ballot initiative that stated "Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California". [http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-marriage8sep08,0,7314785.story?coll=la-home-headlines (LA Times)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/california-governor-arnold-schwarzenegger-announced-he-would-veto-a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-citing-the-march-2000-proposition-22-ba.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger, California, Governor of California_
