### [2004-09-10](/news/2004/09/10/index.md)

#  Hindu hardliners, the VHP, announce plans to pull down the controversial tomb of Afzalkhan on Sunday, in a grim echo of the 1992 razing of the Babri Mosque in Ayodhya that sparked some of India's worst religious riots. 




### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/articleshow/846500.cms)

### Related:

1. [ 57 people die in Godhra when a Muslim mob sets fire to a carriage on the Sabarmati Express filled with Vishwa Hindu Parishad activists returning from Ayodhya en route to Ahmedabad. After detaching the burned carriage, the train continues to Vadodara, where Hindus beat and stab people leaving the train, killing one. A 17-year-old is later killed in Godhra by police trying to disrupt mobs.](/news/2002/02/27/57-people-die-in-godhra-when-a-muslim-mob-sets-fire-to-a-carriage-on-the-sabarmati-express-filled-with-vishwa-hindu-parishad-activists-retu.md) _Context: Ayodhya, VHP_
2. [Three senior figures in the Bharatiya Janata Party, L.K. Advani, Uma Bharati and Murli Manohar Joshi, will be tried for their alleged role in the destruction of the Babri Masjid Mosque in the northern Indian town of Ayodhya. ](/news/2017/04/19/three-senior-figures-in-the-bharatiya-janata-party-l-k-advani-uma-bharati-and-murli-manohar-joshi-will-be-tried-for-their-alleged-role-i.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
3. [ India's main opposition BJP party condemns a leaked Liberhan Commission report that implicated opposition figures in the destruction of the Babri Mosque in 1992 by Hindu nationalists. ](/news/2009/11/23/india-s-main-opposition-bjp-party-condemns-a-leaked-liberhan-commission-report-that-implicated-opposition-figures-in-the-destruction-of-the.md) _Context: Babri Mosque_
4. [ In India, the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party calls for a nationwide strike in protest of the Tuesday attack on the Ayodhya site. The police are on high alert in case of religious violence. ](/news/2005/07/6/in-india-the-opposition-bharatiya-janata-party-calls-for-a-nationwide-strike-in-protest-of-the-tuesday-attack-on-the-ayodhya-site-the-pol.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
5. [ In India 1000 demonstrators protesting attack in Ayodhya clash with riot police in New Delhi. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack. There are small protests in other cities as well but police state that disturbances are minor compared to clashes in previous years. Congress president Sonia Gandhi warns that opposition should not "politicize" the incident ](/news/2005/07/6/in-india-1000-demonstrators-protesting-attack-in-ayodhya-clash-with-riot-police-in-new-delhi-no-group-has-claimed-responsibility-for-the-a.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
6. [ In India, militants attack and try to storm a makeshift temple of Ram in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh; most of them die in a firefight with the security forces. There are differing reports about the number of attackers and how many were killed. The temple site is a source of dispute between Muslims and Hindus. ](/news/2005/07/5/in-india-militants-attack-and-try-to-storm-a-makeshift-temple-of-ram-in-ayodhya-uttar-pradesh-most-of-them-die-in-a-firefight-with-the-s.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
7. [ In India, Lal Krishna Advani of the Bharatiya Janata Party and seven others are charged with inciting riots in Ayodhya in 1992 ](/news/2005/07/28/in-india-lal-krishna-advani-of-the-bharatiya-janata-party-and-seven-others-are-charged-with-inciting-riots-in-ayodhya-in-1992.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
8. [ India proposes to Pakistan that India grant Kashmir a large amount of autonomy, in order to end the state of war between the two countries, but that the current border can not be modified. Pakistan recently proposed that Kashmir be demilitarized, split along ethnic/religious lines and granted independence or transferred to United Nations control. [//en.wikipedia.org/w/wiki.phtml?title=Current_events&action=edit&section=9 (Reuters)]](/news/2004/11/25/india-proposes-to-pakistan-that-india-grant-kashmir-a-large-amount-of-autonomy-in-order-to-end-the-state-of-war-between-the-two-countries.md) _Context: religious_
9. [ The Iraqi government blames Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for a series of church bombings that killed at least 11 people, saying the aim was to spark religious strife and drive Christians out of the country. ](/news/2004/08/2/the-iraqi-government-blames-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-for-a-series-of-church-bombings-that-killed-at-least-11-people-saying-the-a.md) _Context: religious_
10. [Pope John Paul II meets with American cardinals at the Vatican through April 24 regarding sexual abuse of children by priests and religious workers.](/news/2002/04/23/pope-john-paul-ii-meets-with-american-cardinals-at-the-vatican-through-april-24-regarding-sexual-abuse-of-children-by-priests-and-religious.md) _Context: religious_
