### [2004-09-10](/news/2004/09/10/index.md)

#  Questions are raised about the authenticity of memos obtained by the CBS television network and broadcast on its September 7 issue of 60 Minutes. The memos were purportedly written by Lt. Col. Jerry B. Killian, one of George W. Bush's commanding officers in the Texas Air National Guard. One of the memos which was supposed to have been written in 1973, uses a proportional font, kerning, and superscripts which were unlikely to have been available in typewriters of the period. See Killian memos. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/09/10/bush.guard.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [CBS terminates its contract with Scott Pelley as anchor, managing editor and reporter of "CBS Evening News". Pelley will remain with "CBS News" as a correspondent in "60 Minutes". ](/news/2017/05/31/cbs-terminates-its-contract-with-scott-pelley-as-anchor-managing-editor-and-reporter-of-cbs-evening-news-pelley-will-remain-with-cbs-ne.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, CBS_
2. [CBS suspends Lara Logan and her producer after she admitted that portions of her "60 Minutes" report on the death of U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens were false. ](/news/2013/11/26/cbs-suspends-lara-logan-and-her-producer-after-she-admitted-that-portions-of-her-60-minutes-report-on-the-death-of-u-s-ambassador-j-chri.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, CBS_
3. [ The CBS television program "60 Minutes" airs a story on a lawsuit against the hedge fund SAC, alleging that it orchestrated a fall in the stock price of Canadian drug company Biovail.](/news/2006/03/26/the-cbs-television-program-60-minutes-airs-a-story-on-a-lawsuit-against-the-hedge-fund-sac-alleging-that-it-orchestrated-a-fall-in-the-s.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, CBS_
4. [ Four CBS News staffers are fired following the release of an independent investigation of a 60 Minutes story about U.S. President George W. Bush's military service that relied on forged documents. ](/news/2005/01/10/four-cbs-news-staffers-are-fired-following-the-release-of-an-independent-investigation-of-a-60-minutes-story-about-u-s-president-george-w.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, George W. Bush_
5. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http:--www.msnbc.msn.com-id-5941189- (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-americas-3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http:--www.misleader.org-daily_mislead-Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http:--hosted.ap.org-dynamic-stories-B-BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean-AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Killian memos_
