### [2015-01-2](/news/2015/01/2/index.md)

# Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. 

Terror suspect Abu Anas al-Libi has died in New York while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/suspected-plotter-u-s-embassy-attacks-abu-anas-al-libi-n278866)

### Related:

1. [Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, mastermind of the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania, is killed in Somalia. ](/news/2011/06/11/fazul-abdullah-mohammed-mastermind-of-the-1998-united-states-embassy-bombings-in-kenya-and-tanzania-is-killed-in-somalia.md) _Context: 1998 United States embassy bombings, Kenya, Tanzania_
2. [Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani is convicted on one count of conspiracy in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for his role in the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Tanzania and Kenya. ](/news/2010/11/17/ahmed-khalfan-ghailani-is-convicted-on-one-count-of-conspiracy-in-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-for.md) _Context: 1998 United States embassy bombings, Kenya, Tanzania_
3. [The first civilian trial of a person formerly imprisoned by the United States in Guantanamo Bay begins in New York. According to his lawyers Ahmed Ghailani of Tanzania was tortured. ](/news/2010/10/6/the-first-civilian-trial-of-a-person-formerly-imprisoned-by-the-united-states-in-guanta-namo-bay-begins-in-new-york-according-to-his-lawyer.md) _Context: New York, Tanzania, U.S._
4. [ A United States Navy destroyer, the USS ''Chafee'', fires on suspected terrorists staying in Puntland, in northern Somalia. The three suspects are accused in taking part in the 1998 bombings of the United States embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2007/06/1/a-united-states-navy-destroyer-the-uss-chafee-fires-on-suspected-terrorists-staying-in-puntland-in-northern-somalia-the-three-suspe.md) _Context: 1998 United States embassy bombings, Kenya, Tanzania_
5. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Kenya, Tanzania_
6. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, U.S._
7. [The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-millennium-challenge-corporation-a-united-states-foreign-aid-agency-pulls-472m-of-funding-for-a-tanzanian-electricity-project-after-c.md) _Context: Tanzania, U.S._
8. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: New York, U.S._
9. [Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow.  Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s-election-for-the-presidency-before.md) _Context: Tanzania, U.S._
10. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, alleged spokesman for al-Qaeda and said to be the son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, is captured in Jordan and faces criminal charges in the United States. ](/news/2013/03/7/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-alleged-spokesman-for-al-qaeda-and-said-to-be-the-son-in-law-of-osama-bin-laden-is-captured-in-jordan-and-faces-crimin.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, U.S._
