### [2015-01-2](/news/2015/01/2/index.md)

# Boko Haram militants attack a bus in Waza, Cameroon, killing eleven people and injuring six. 




### Source:

1. [CNN via WLKY](http://www.wlky.com/national/boko-harm-attack-in-cameroon-kills-11/30501694)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pfollowing-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-hara.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Gunmen believed to be members of Boko Haram abduct the wife of Deputy Prime Minister of Cameroon Amadou Ali. ](/news/2014/07/27/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pgunmen-believed-to-be-members-of-boko-haram-abduct-the-wife-of-deputy-prime-minister-of-cameroon-amadou-ali.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
3. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Seven French tourists are kidnapped by gunmen near Waza National Park in northern Cameroon, near the border with Nigeria.  President of France Francois Hollande states that the Islamist group Boko Haram may be responsible. ](/news/2013/02/19/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pseven-french-tourists-are-kidnapped-by-gunmen-near-waza-national-park-in-northern-cameroon-near-the-border-with-n.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Waza_
4. [A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-least-90-people-and-injur.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon_
5. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
6. [More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage,  Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF's West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeastern-nigeria-and-its-neighboring.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
7. [Cameroon's army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country's defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/cameroonas-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-members-of-the-militant-islamist-boko-haram-group-and-freed-900-p.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
8. [At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
9. [At least eight people are killed following a suicide bomb attack in northern Cameroon's Sangueleri region near the Nigerian border. Boko Haram have previously carried out attacks in the region. ](/news/2015/10/11/at-least-eight-people-are-killed-following-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-northern-cameroon-s-sangueleri-region-near-the-nigerian-border-boko-har.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon_
10. [Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari visits neighboring Cameroon to bolster support for a multinational army to fight Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/07/29/nigerian-president-muhammadu-buhari-visits-neighboring-cameroon-to-bolster-support-for-a-multinational-army-to-fight-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon_
