### [2013-05-30](/news/2013/05/30/index.md)

# Nigeria soldiers uncover a large stock of weapons that they believe belonged to Hezbollah. 

Soldiers in northern Nigeria uncovered a hidden arms cache that authorities believe belonged to members of the Lebanese political party and militant movement Hezbollah, the military and secret police said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/05/30/nigeria-military-secret-police-say-discovered-hezbollah-arms-cache-in-northern/)

### Related:

1. [Hezbollah. U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/hezbollah-u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-b.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
2. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
3. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourt.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
4. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
5. [Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-ter.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
6. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict. Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
7. [ Syrian civil war. Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-in.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Hezbollah says Mustafa Badreddine, one of Hezbollah's highest ranking officials believed responsible for military operations in Syria, has been killed by artillery fire from the Syrian rebels. ](/news/2016/05/13/syrian-civil-war-hezbollah-says-mustafa-badreddine-one-of-hezbollah-s-highest-ranking-officials-believed-responsible-for-military-operatio.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
9. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [Lebanese daily newspaper "As-Safir" ("The Ambassador" in Arabic) is to cease print and online operations after over 40 years, citing falling revenues and Lebanon's political environment and sectarian problems as reasons for its closure. The newspaper has close ties to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/03/24/lebanese-daily-newspaper-as-safir-the-ambassador-in-arabic-is-to-cease-print-and-online-operations-after-over-40-years-citing-falling.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
