### [2013-05-30](/news/2013/05/30/index.md)

# U.S. president Barack Obama appoints James Comey, a former member of the Bush administration, as the new director of the FBI. 

President Obama is expected to nominate James Comey, a widely respected former federal prosecutor and deputy Attorney General during the George W Bush administration, as the next director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the country’s most important law enforcement agency.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/may/30/obama-james-comey-fbi-director)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/blast-from-the-george-w-bush-past-obama-to-name-james-comey-as-next-fbi-director-8638406.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: James Comey_
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama_
3. [''The New York Times'' reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-memo-from-james-comey-read-in-part-to-a-reporter-by-a-comey-associate-revealed-that-president-donald.md) _Context: James Comey_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Obama_
5. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Obama_
6. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama_
7. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Obama_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Obama_
9. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: Obama_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Obama_
