### [2013-05-6](/news/2013/05/6/index.md)

# Seven-time Prime Minister of Italy Giulio Andreotti dies in Rome at the age of 94 years. 

Giulio Andreotti, who served seven times as Christian Democrat prime minister, and was dogged by corruption allegations, dies at the age of 94.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22426199)

### Related:

1. [Hundreds of thousands of people attend a rally in support of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in Rome ahead of this month's elections. ](/news/2010/03/20/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-attend-a-rally-in-support-of-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-in-rome-ahead-of-this-month-s-election.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Rome_
2. [ Hundreds of thousands of left wing Italians march in Rome putting increased pressure on the Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi. ](/news/2007/10/20/hundreds-of-thousands-of-left-wing-italians-march-in-rome-putting-increased-pressure-on-the-prime-minister-of-italy-romano-prodi.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Rome_
3. [An Italian court sentences former Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti to 24 years in prison for complicity in the 1979 contract killing murder of journalist Mino Pecorelli.](/news/2002/11/17/an-italian-court-sentences-former-prime-minister-giulio-andreotti-to-24-years-in-prison-for-complicity-in-the-1979-contract-killing-murder-o.md) _Context: Giulio Andreotti, Italian Prime Minister_
4. [Two million to three million trade union members rally in Rome in protest both of labor legislation filed by Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi and of the assassination of Marco Biagi, an advisor to the Labor Minister, by the re-formed Red Brigades. Labor leaders threaten a general strike if the legislation is passed.](/news/2002/03/23/two-million-to-three-million-trade-union-members-rally-in-rome-in-protest-both-of-labor-legislation-filed-by-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister, Rome_
5. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely -a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done-. ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
6. [Democratic Party (Italy) leadership election, 2017: Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/democratic-party-italy-leadership-election-2017-former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democrat.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
7. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
8. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial: An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
9. [Italian constitutional referendum, 2016: Following the result of the constitutional referendum, Matteo Renzi will resign from his office as Prime Minister of Italy. With most ballots counted, the "No" vote leads with 60%. ](/news/2016/12/5/italian-constitutional-referendum-2016-following-the-result-of-the-constitutional-referendum-matteo-renzi-will-resign-from-his-office-as.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
10. [Italian constitutional referendum, 2016: Italians go to the polls to for a referendum on whether to approve a constitutional law that amends the Constitution of Italy to reform the powers of the Italian Parliament. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who introduced the referendum bill, resigns after exit polls show that the no case is likely to be successful. ](/news/2016/12/4/italian-constitutional-referendum-2016-italians-go-to-the-polls-to-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-approve-a-constitutional-law-that-amends.md) _Context: Italian Prime Minister_
