### [2013-05-6](/news/2013/05/6/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Rebels shoot down a Syrian Military helicopter in Deir ez-Zor Governorate killing all eight soldiers on board. 

United Nations human rights investigators have gathered testimony from casualties of Syria’s civil war and medical workers indicating that rebel forces have used the nerve agent.


### Source:

1. [AP via Anchorage Daily News](http://www.adn.com/2013/05/05/2891260/syrian-rebels-enter-northern-air.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22428496)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/06/world/middleeast/syrian-rebels-may-have-used-sarin.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike: Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-tow.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-leb.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Siege of Wadi Barada: The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
8. [Syrian peace process: Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/syrian-peace-process-peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragil.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Airstrikes reportedly kill at least 82 people, including 58 civilians, in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/06/26/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-reportedly-kill-at-least-82-people-including-58-civilians-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-accordi.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. ](/news/2016/04/18/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-launch-new-offensives-against-government-forces-in-the-country-s-latakia-governorate-and-hama-governorate-s.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
