### [2013-05-6](/news/2013/05/6/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Rebels shoot down a Syrian Military helicopter in Deir ez-Zor Governorate killing all eight soldiers on board. 

United Nations human rights investigators have gathered testimony from casualties of Syria’s civil war and medical workers indicating that rebel forces have used the nerve agent.


### Source:

1. [AP via Anchorage Daily News](http://www.adn.com/2013/05/05/2891260/syrian-rebels-enter-northern-air.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22428496)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/06/world/middleeast/syrian-rebels-may-have-used-sarin.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
2. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
3. [Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-town.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
4. [  The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the  Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing  in the Qalamoun Mountains,   in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-lebanon-syria-bord.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
5. [The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-from-rebel-forces.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
6. [Peace talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, between the Syrian opposition and the Syrian Government, meant to build on a fragile ceasefire currently in effect in the Syrian Civil War, end with no breakthrough reported. ](/news/2017/01/23/peace-talks-in-astana-kazakhstan-between-the-syrian-opposition-and-the-syrian-government-meant-to-build-on-a-fragile-ceasefire-currently.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
7. [Airstrikes reportedly kill at least 82 people, including 58 civilians, in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/06/26/airstrikes-reportedly-kill-at-least-82-people-including-58-civilians-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-according-to-the-syrian-o.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian rebels launch new offensives against government forces in the country's Latakia Governorate and Hama Governorate. Several rebel groups earlier announced they were launching a new battle against government forces in response to claimed violations of the cease-fire agreement, further putting a strain on the Syrian peace process. ](/news/2016/04/18/syrian-rebels-launch-new-offensives-against-government-forces-in-the-country-s-latakia-governorate-and-hama-governorate-several-rebel-group.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
9. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian opposition_
