### [2013-05-6](/news/2013/05/6/index.md)

# Three women missing for more than a decade are found alive in the U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, while a 52-year-old man, Ariel Castro, is taken into custody. 

THREE women have emerged from a house in Cleveland, Ohio, claiming to have spent years in captivity.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world-news/who-were-the-three-women-set-free-from-captivity-in-cleveland/story-fndir2ev-1226636654710)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/may/07/missing-women-found-cleveland-ohio-live)

### Related:

1. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
2. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
3. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
4. [The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-by-the-family-of-tamir-ri.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
5. [The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition demanding Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on open carrying of firearms. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-secret-service-says-only-law-enforcement-officers-will-be-allowed-to-have-guns-inside-the-republican-national-convention-t.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
7. [The Oklahoma Department of Corrections says a drone carrying mobile phones, drugs, and hacksaw blades crashed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester before inmates could grab the contraband. This is fourth reported drone-attempt in the United States; the others were at prisons in Ohio, Maryland, and South Carolina. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-oklahoma-department-of-corrections-says-a-drone-carrying-mobile-phones-drugs-and-hacksaw-blades-crashed-at-the-oklahoma-state-penitent.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
8. [Ariel Castro is sentenced to life plus a thousand years for kidnapping three women and holding them hostage for a decade in Cleveland, Ohio. ](/news/2013/08/1/ariel-castro-is-sentenced-to-life-plus-a-thousand-years-for-kidnapping-three-women-and-holding-them-hostage-for-a-decade-in-cleveland-ohio.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
9. [Ariel Castro, a 53-year-old man charged with the kidnappings of three women from Cleveland, Ohio, between 2002 and 2004, is sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole after accepting a plea deal with prosecutors. ](/news/2013/07/26/ariel-castro-a-53-year-old-man-charged-with-the-kidnappings-of-three-women-from-cleveland-ohio-between-2002-and-2004-is-sentenced-to-lif.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
10. [Two members of the Steubenville High School football team have been found guilty of raping a sixteen-year-old girl in the U.S. town of Steubenville, Ohio. ](/news/2013/03/17/two-members-of-the-steubenville-high-school-football-team-have-been-found-guilty-of-raping-a-sixteen-year-old-girl-in-the-u-s-town-of-steub.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
