### [2011-09-15](/news/2011/09/15/index.md)

# Senior NATO leaders including the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy fly to Libya to meet with Mustafa Abdul Jalil, the leader of the National Transitional Council, and other leaders. 

UK Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy are in Libya, the most senior Western leaders to visit since Muammar Gaddafi was ousted.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-14926308)

### Related:

1. [ President Nicolas Sarkozy announces that France will rejoin NATO's military command. ](/news/2009/03/11/president-nicolas-sarkozy-announces-that-france-will-rejoin-nato-s-military-command.md) _Context: NATO, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
2. [ President Nicolas Sarkozy announces that France intends to return to the military structure of NATO for the first time since Charles de Gaulle led it out of the organisation in 1966. ](/news/2008/06/17/president-nicolas-sarkozy-announces-that-france-intends-to-return-to-the-military-structure-of-nato-for-the-first-time-since-charles-de-gau.md) _Context: NATO, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [ The President of France Nicolas Sarkozy travels to Libya following the release of the medical workers sentenced to death in the HIV trial in Libya. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-travels-to-libya-following-the-release-of-the-medical-workers-sentenced-to-death-in-the-hiv-trial-i.md) _Context: Libya, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [ Cecilia Sarkozy, the wife of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, flies to Libya and visits the Bulgarian medics condemned to death for allegedly infecting children with HIV and also the families of the infected children. She will also meet Colonel Muammar al-Gaddafi, the President of Libya. ](/news/2007/07/12/ca-c-cilia-sarkozy-the-wife-of-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-flies-to-libya-and-visits-the-bulgarian-medics-condemned-to-death-for-alleg.md) _Context: Libya, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016: Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [French presidential election, 2017: Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Libya, President of France_
9. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
