### [2011-09-15](/news/2011/09/15/index.md)

# Stock markets in the United States and Europe rally after major banks, including the European Central Bank and the United States Federal Reserve, initiate a plan to help end the European sovereign debt crisis. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2011/09/15/markets/markets_newyork/index.htm?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [Ben Bernanke, the Chairman of the United States Federal Reserve, gives a keynote address at a central banks conference at the US resort of Jackson Hole, Wyoming as statistics show that the US economy grew by 1%. ](/news/2011/08/26/ben-bernanke-the-chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-reserve-gives-a-keynote-address-at-a-central-banks-conference-at-the-us-resort-of-j.md) _Context: United States Federal Reserve, economy of the United States_
2. [ The United States Federal Reserve cuts federal funds rates and discount rates by a quarter of a percentage point to 4.25% and 4.75% respectively, signaling its concerns about the impact of the subprime mortgage financial crisis on the United States economy. ](/news/2007/12/11/the-united-states-federal-reserve-cuts-federal-funds-rates-and-discount-rates-by-a-quarter-of-a-percentage-point-to-4-25-and-4-75-respect.md) _Context: United States Federal Reserve, economy of the United States_
3. [The Bank of Italy says in a statement that the country's treasury will have to put up around 6.6 billion euros to rescue Monte dei Paschi given the European Central Bank's estimate of Monte dei Paschi's capital shortfall. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-bank-of-italy-says-in-a-statement-that-the-country-s-treasury-will-have-to-put-up-around-6-6-billion-euros-to-rescue-monte-dei-paschi-gi.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
4. [The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds   as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-regular-loans-for-t.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
5. [A member of the board of the Bundesbank in Germany says that the European Central Bank ought to crack down on the political practice, in EU's member states, by which banks that are no longer viable are nonetheless kept in business, as so-called Zombie banks. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-member-of-the-board-of-the-bundesbank-in-germany-says-that-the-european-central-bank-ought-to-crack-down-on-the-political-practice-in-eu.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
6. [The new 20 euro note, the third in the Europa series, enters into circulation today. The European Central Bank says the banknote has a "refreshed look and more vibrant colours," and includes a new kind of security feature: a "portrait window" near the top of the hologram stripe which becomes transparent when seen against the light.     ](/news/2015/11/25/the-new-20-euro-note-the-third-in-the-europa-series-enters-into-circulation-today-the-european-central-bank-says-the-banknote-has-a-are.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
7. [Mario Draghi, head of the European Central Bank, tells the European parliament in prepared testimony that the outlook for inflation is "weakening." The comment was taken to suggest the ECB will soon take a more stimulative stance on interest rates or money quantity. ](/news/2015/11/12/mario-draghi-head-of-the-european-central-bank-tells-the-european-parliament-in-prepared-testimony-that-the-outlook-for-inflation-is-weak.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
8. [The United States Federal Reserve decides to leave interest rates at a record low. ](/news/2015/09/17/the-united-states-federal-reserve-decides-to-leave-interest-rates-at-a-record-low.md) _Context: United States Federal Reserve_
9. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
10. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
