### [2003-09-3](/news/2003/09/3/index.md)

#  California recall: Five candidates (Lt. Governor Cruz Bustamante, California state senator Tom McClintock, Peter Camejo, Peter Ueberroth and Arianna Huffington) attended the first debate held for the recall election. Arnold Schwarzenegger was criticized for not turning up at the debate. Issues such as tax and campaign finance were brought up.




### Related:

1. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Cruz Bustamante_
2. [ 2003 California recall: California Secretary of State Kevin Shelley officially certifies the recall election and he declares Arnold Schwarzenegger the Governor-Elect. The swearing-in is set to take at 11:00 am PST on Monday November 17 on the steps of the State Capitol in Sacramento, California.](/news/2003/11/14/2003-california-recall-california-secretary-of-state-kevin-shelley-officially-certifies-the-recall-election-and-he-declares-arnold-schwarz.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
3. [ California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger denies admiring Hitler. Arnold Schwarzenegger's denial comes days before the vote for the next governor of California.](/news/2003/10/3/california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-denies-admiring-hitler-arnold-schwarzenegger-s-denial-comes-days-before-the-vote-for-the-next-gov.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
4. [ 2003 California recall: Arnold Schwarzenegger announces he will run for Governor of California in the recall election of Gray Davis.](/news/2003/08/6/2003-california-recall-arnold-schwarzenegger-announces-he-will-run-for-governor-of-california-in-the-recall-election-of-gray-davis.md) _Context: 2003 California recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger_
5. [Arianna Huffington leaves "The Huffington Post". ](/news/2016/08/11/arianna-huffington-leaves-the-huffington-post.md) _Context: Arianna Huffington_
6. [Former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger admits to fathering the child of a longterm member of his household staff. ](/news/2011/05/17/former-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-admits-to-fathering-the-child-of-a-longterm-member-of-his-household-staff.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger_
7. [Former Governor of California and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger and journalist Maria Shriver announce their separation after 25 years of marriage. ](/news/2011/05/10/former-governor-of-california-and-actor-arnold-schwarzenegger-and-journalist-maria-shriver-announce-their-separation-after-25-years-of-marri.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger_
8. [The former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger returns to acting in an animated television series. ](/news/2011/03/30/the-former-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-returns-to-acting-in-an-animated-television-series.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger_
9. [George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. ](/news/2011/02/8/george-osborne-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-announces-that-the-tax-on-bank-profits-will-become-permanent.md) _Context: tax_
10. [The Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger files a motion calling for same-sex marriages to resume in the U.S. state immediately. ](/news/2010/08/6/the-governor-of-california-arnold-schwarzenegger-files-a-motion-calling-for-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-u-s-state-immediately.md) _Context: Arnold Schwarzenegger_
