### [2014-08-12](/news/2014/08/12/index.md)

# War in Donbass:. Ukrainian government forces recapture control of the city of Vuhlehirsk, Donetsk Oblast, from pro-Russian insurgents. 




### Source:

1. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/poroshenko-ukrainian-soldiers-liberate-vuhlehirsk-town-in-donetsk-region-from-terrorists-360341.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/war-in-donbass-donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass. Four people are killed after a minibus hit a landmine near a Ukrainian military checkpoint in the Donetsk Oblast. ](/news/2016/02/10/war-in-donbass-four-people-are-killed-after-a-minibus-hit-a-landmine-near-a-ukrainian-military-checkpoint-in-the-donetsk-oblast.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast, War in Donbass_
3. [War in Donbass:. Russia says that the 10 armed Russian paratroopers captured during the night in the village of Dzerkalne, Donetsk Oblast, roughly 20 kilometers from the Russian border, only entered Ukraine by "mistake". ](/news/2014/08/26/war-in-donbass-russia-says-that-the-10-armed-russian-paratroopers-captured-during-the-night-in-the-village-of-dzerkalne-donetsk-oblast-r.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast, War in Donbass_
4. [War in Donbass. Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
5. [War in Donbass. Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
6. [War in Donbass. A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/war-in-donbass-a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-ne.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
7. [A Ukrainian military Mi-2 transport helicopter crashes after hitting a power line near Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast, killing all five people aboard. ](/news/2017/03/26/a-ukrainian-military-mi-2-transport-helicopter-crashes-after-hitting-a-power-line-near-kramatorsk-donetsk-oblast-killing-all-five-people-a.md) _Context: Donetsk Oblast_
8. [War in Donbass. A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/war-in-donbass-a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-leas.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
9. [Ukraine-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-streng.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
10. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
