### [2007-10-15](/news/2007/10/15/index.md)

#  The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7044418.stm)
2. [Xinhua](http://www.chinaview.cn/17thcpc/)

### Related:

1. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Beijing, China, Communist Party general secretary, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
2. [The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. ](/news/2012/11/8/the-18th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-is-opened-in-beijing-during-which-current-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-expected.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
3. [ July 2009 rmqi riots. Chinese President Hu Jintao returns to Beijing and chairs Politburo Meeting, vowing "severe punishment" on culprits as the social order in rmqi is being restored. ](/news/2009/07/9/july-2009-urumqi-riots-chinese-president-hu-jintao-returns-to-beijing-and-chairs-politburo-meeting-vowing-severe-punishment-on-culprits.md) _Context: Beijing, China, Hu Jintao_
4. [ July 2009 Urumqi riots. Chinese President Hu Jintao leaves the 35th G8 Summit and returns to Beijing to deal with the ongoing riots in Urumqi. ](/news/2009/07/8/july-2009-ara1-4mqi-riots-chinese-president-hu-jintao-leaves-the-35th-g8-summit-and-returns-to-beijing-to-deal-with-the-ongoing-riots-in-a.md) _Context: Beijing, China, Hu Jintao_
5. [ Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Zhao Ziyang's secret memoirs about the 1989 protests in Tiananmen Square are published. ](/news/2009/05/14/chinese-communist-party-general-secretary-zhao-ziyang-s-secret-memoirs-about-the-1989-protests-in-tiananmen-square-are-published.md) _Context: China, Communist Party general secretary, Communist Party of China_
6. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and Chinese President Hu Jintao meet in Beijing. ](/news/2009/04/8/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-and-chinese-president-hu-jintao-meet-in-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, China, Hu Jintao_
7. [ After an official 3-day visit to Pyongyang, North Korea, President Hu Jintao of the People's Republic of China returns to Beijing, having reached new directions in Sino-DPRK relations. This comes after North Korean Leader Kim Jong-il called Hu the "most respected guest". ](/news/2005/10/30/after-an-official-3-day-visit-to-pyongyang-north-korea-president-hu-jintao-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-to-beijing-having-r.md) _Context: Beijing, China, Hu Jintao_
8. [ General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Jiang Zemin announced several key policies at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Beijing. Although Marxism-Leninism would remain the official ideology of China, entrepreneurs and people in unconventional occupations, who are building "socialism with Chinese characteristics", would have a voice in establishing Communist Party ideology. Mr. Jiang is preparing to yield the position of General Secretary of the Party to Hu Jintao, but will maintain the presidency.](/news/2002/11/8/general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-jiang-zemin-announced-several-key-policies-at-the-16th-national-congress-of-the-communist.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
9. [The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.](/news/2002/11/15/the-communist-party-of-china-names-former-secretary-of-the-secretariat-hu-jintao-as-its-general-secretary-replacing-jiang-zemin-jiang-will.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
10. [Censorship in China. Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/censorship-in-china-chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-co.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China_
