### [2015-08-9](/news/2015/08/9/index.md)

# An arrest warrant is issued for the cousin of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Suleiman Hilal Al-Assad, who is accused of shooting and killing Colonel Hassan Al-Sheikh of the Syrian Armed Forces at what can be described as a traffic dispute. 

Dozens&#x20;of&#x20;Syrians&#x20;staged&#x20;a&#x20;rare&#x20;protest&#x20;in&#x20;the&#x20;coastal&#x20;city&#x20;of&#x20;Latakia&#x20;Saturday&#x20;night,&#x20;calling&#x20;for&#x20;the&#x20;execution&#x20;of&#x20;a&#x20;relative&#x20;of&#x20;President&#x20;Bashar&#x20;al-Assad&#x20;who&#x20;has&#x20;been&#x20;accused&#x20;of&#x20;killing&#x20;an&#x20;army&#x20;officer&#x20;over&#x20;a&#x20;traffic&#x20;dispute,&#x20;monitors&#x20;said.


### Source:

1. [The News Hub](https://www.the-newshub.com/international/close-cousin-of-syrian-president-will-be-arrested-for-the-murder)
2. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150809-syria-protesters-road-rage-assad-relative-accused-civil-war-alawite-latakia)

### Related:

1. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
2. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
3. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
4. [Canada-Iran relations:Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canadaairan-relations-pcanada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
5. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. ](/news/2007/10/20/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-criticizes-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-his-support-of-a-possible-turkish-attack-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
6. [ President Bashar al-Assad states that Syria will not cooperate with a United Nations tribunal to try suspects in the suspected assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq al-Hariri. ](/news/2007/05/10/president-bashar-al-assad-states-that-syria-will-not-cooperate-with-a-united-nations-tribunal-to-try-suspects-in-the-suspected-assassinatio.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
7. [ United States Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi travels to Syria for talks with President Bashar al-Assad as she continues a visit to the Middle East disregarding the objections of the Bush administration. ](/news/2007/04/3/united-states-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-nancy-pelosi-travels-to-syria-for-talks-with-president-bashar-al-assad-as-she-continu.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
8. [ Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has said his country can play a major role in international efforts to end the Civil war in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/5/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-said-his-country-can-play-a-major-role-in-international-efforts-to-end-the-civil-war-in-iraq.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian President_
9. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
10. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
