### [2015-08-9](/news/2015/08/9/index.md)

# Japan commemorates the 70th anniversary of the atomic bomb dropped over the Japanese city of Nagasaki during World War II. 

The Japanese city of Nagasaki holds an emotional service to mark 70 years since the US atomic bomb attack amid a row over its military.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-33839055)

### Related:

1. [Commemoration of the atomic bombing of Nagasaki:: Japan marks the 65th anniversary of the 1945 atomic bombing of Nagasaki. The United States, which perpetrated the attack, upsets survivors by not sending an ambassador due to "scheduling reasons" this time, though France and the UK send representatives for the first time. ](/news/2010/08/9/commemoration-of-the-atomic-bombing-of-nagasaki-japan-marks-the-65th-anniversary-of-the-1945-atomic-bombing-of-nagasaki-the-united-states.md) _Context: Japan, Nagasaki, dropped_
2. [Japan-Russia relations: NATO-Russia relations: Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
3. [Japan-South Korea relations: Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
4. [Kuril Islands dispute: Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/kuril-islands-dispute-russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-gr.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
5. [A South Korean man is seriously injured after self-immolation during a protest against Japan's use of South Korean women as sex slaves during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-south-korean-man-is-seriously-injured-after-self-immolation-during-a-protest-against-japan-s-use-of-south-korean-women-as-sex-slaves-durin.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
6. [Japan's lower house of parliament passes a pair of bills changing the country's security laws, allowing Japanese soldiers to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II under certain conditions, over strong protests from opposition lawmakers, who walked out of the vote.](/news/2015/07/16/japan-s-lower-house-of-parliament-passes-a-pair-of-bills-changing-the-country-s-security-laws-allowing-japanese-soldiers-to-fight-overseas.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
7. [A South Korean court rules that South Korea is not obliged to pay compensation to its nationals who were victims of the Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki who have not been compensated by Japan. ](/news/2015/06/26/a-south-korean-court-rules-that-south-korea-is-not-obliged-to-pay-compensation-to-its-nationals-who-were-victims-of-the-atomic-bombings-of-h.md) _Context: Japan, dropped_
8. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
9. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
10. [The Government of Japan apologizes to Canada over the treatment of Canadian POWs during World War II. ](/news/2011/12/8/the-government-of-japan-apologizes-to-canada-over-the-treatment-of-canadian-pows-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
