### [2006-09-17](/news/2006/09/17/index.md)

#  A global day of action, dubbed the 'International Day for Darfur' by Amnesty International, takes place with prayer vigils and demonstrations in 30 of the world's cities to highlight the plight of refugees and victims of genocide in the region. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/5353332.stm)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Darfur_
2. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
3. [Rwanda withdraws a threat to remove its peacekeepers from Darfur after a United Nations report accused the Rwandan army of genocide in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2010/09/27/rwanda-withdraws-a-threat-to-remove-its-peacekeepers-from-darfur-after-a-united-nations-report-accused-the-rwandan-army-of-genocide-in-the-d.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
4. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
5. [ A United Nations report makes accusations of killings, torture and rape of civilians in Sudan's Darfur area, and calls for those accused of carrying out war crimes to be put on trial. The report stops short of calling the events a genocide. ](/news/2005/02/1/a-united-nations-report-makes-accusations-of-killings-torture-and-rape-of-civilians-in-sudan-s-darfur-area-and-calls-for-those-accused-of.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
6. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
7. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell declares that the actions of the Janjaweed Arab militia in Darfur constitute genocide. Powell holds the government of Sudan responsible. Up to 50,000 ethnic Africans have been killed and 2.2 million displaced into refugee camps in neighboring Chad by ethnic Arab militias. ](/news/2004/09/9/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-declares-that-the-actions-of-the-janjaweed-arab-militia-in-darfur-constitute-genocide-powell.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
8. [ Darfur Conflict: The United Nations Security Council passes a resolution threatening Sudan with sanctions if it does not act to control the Arab militias accused of genocide in Darfur. The resolution passes 11&ndash;0, with the People's Republic of China, Russia, Pakistan, and Algeria abstaining. ](/news/2004/09/18/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-passes-a-resolution-threatening-sudan-with-sanctions-if-it-does-not-act-to-control-the.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
9. [ Darfur conflict: Peace talks between the Sudanese government and Darfurian rebels, which began three weeks ago, collapse. Sudan accuses the United States of prolonging the conflict by describing the actions of Arab militias in Darfur as genocide. Rebels will meet with Nigerian president Olusegun Obasanjo Friday evening to give their version of the story. ](/news/2004/09/17/darfur-conflict-peace-talks-between-the-sudanese-government-and-darfurian-rebels-which-began-three-weeks-ago-collapse-sudan-accuses-the.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
10. [ The United States Senate and House of Representatives pass a joint resolution declaring the armed conflict in the Sudanese region of Darfur to be genocide. ](/news/2004/07/23/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-pass-a-joint-resolution-declaring-the-armed-conflict-in-the-sudanese-region-of-darfur.md) _Context: Darfur, genocide_
