### [2006-09-17](/news/2006/09/17/index.md)

#  Swedish general election, 2006 is held to elect 349 members to the Riksdag. Elections to County and Municipal councils are on the same day. Voting is between 08:00 - 20:00. CEST (UTC+2)  Sweden's center-right opposition alliance Alliance for Sweden declares victory after nearly complete official election results showed it narrowly defeating the governing Swedish Social Democratic Party. The Prime Minister of Sweden, Gran Persson, conceded defeat. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2455832&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)

### Related:

1. [Swedish general election, 2014:Voters in Sweden go to the polls for a general election with a leftist coalition led by the Swedish Social Democratic Party set to form government. Incumbent Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt announces that he will step aside as PM and as leader of the Moderate Party. ](/news/2014/09/14/swedish-general-election-2014-pvoters-in-sweden-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-a-leftist-coalition-led-by-the-swedish-social-d.md) _Context: Swedish Social Democratic Party, prime minister_
2. [Authorities add a leap second on December 31 to bring UTC more inline with mean solar time. ](/news/2016/12/31/authorities-add-a-leap-second-on-december-31-to-bring-utc-more-inline-with-mean-solar-time.md) _Context: UTC_
3. [European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announce-sweden-will-ask-to-tra.md) _Context: prime minister_
4. [Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country. Sweden expects up to 190,000 asylum seekers to reach its borders this year and says its reception system cannot cope. "The situation is untenable", according to Swedish prime minister Stefan Lofven who told reporters, "to put it bluntly, more people will have to seek asylum and get protection in other European countries". ](/news/2015/11/24/sweden-will-introduce-tighter-border-controls-and-asylum-rules-in-a-bid-to-reduce-the-number-of-asylum-seekers-entering-the-country-sweden.md) _Context: prime minister_
5. [Less than three months after winning the general election, Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Lfven calls a snap general election after parliament rejected his government's budget proposal. ](/news/2014/12/3/less-than-three-months-after-winning-the-general-election-prime-minister-of-sweden-stefan-lofven-calls-a-snap-general-election-after-parlia.md) _Context: prime minister_
6. [The last transit of Venus of the 21st century begins at 22:09 UTC on June 5, and ends at 04:49 UTC on June 6. ](/news/2012/06/5/the-last-transit-of-venus-of-the-21st-century-begins-at-22-09-utc-on-june-5-and-ends-at-04-49-utc-on-june-6.md) _Context: UTC_
7. [A SpaceX Dragon becomes the first commercial spacecraft ever to dock with the International Space Station, completing docking at 12:02 pm EDT (16:02 UTC). ](/news/2012/05/25/a-spacex-dragon-becomes-the-first-commercial-spacecraft-ever-to-dock-with-the-international-space-station-completing-docking-at-12-02-pm-ed.md) _Context: UTC_
8. [Sweden's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt and his wife, Stockholm county council chair Filippa Reinfeldt, separate after two decades of marriage. ](/news/2012/03/7/sweden-s-prime-minister-fredrik-reinfeldt-and-his-wife-stockholm-county-council-chair-filippa-reinfeldt-separate-after-two-decades-of-marr.md) _Context: prime minister_
9. [Hkan Juholt resigns as the head of the Swedish Social Democratic Party, after less than a year in the post. ](/news/2012/01/21/hakan-juholt-resigns-as-the-head-of-the-swedish-social-democratic-party-after-less-than-a-year-in-the-post.md) _Context: Swedish Social Democratic Party_
10. [Israel expels Riksdag member Mehmet Kaplan, a veteran of the Gaza flotilla raid, moments after his arrival, claiming he had "failed to follow procedure". Ex-Israeli artist Dror Feiler, who is also currently based in Sweden, is expelled with him. ](/news/2010/11/7/israel-expels-riksdag-member-mehmet-kaplan-a-veteran-of-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-moments-after-his-arrival-claiming-he-had-failed-to-follo.md) _Context: Riksdag_
