### [2009-08-13](/news/2009/08/13/index.md)

#  On an official visit to Colombia, Mexican President Felipe Calderon offers his country's mediation in the conflict between that country, Ecuador and Venezuela. 

Mexican president Felipe Calder&oacute;n on an official visit to Colombia offered his country&rsquo;s mediation in the conflict between Bogot&aacute; and neighbouring Ecuador and Venezuela.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/14/mexico-offers-to-mediate-between-colombia-and-venezuela-and-ecuador)

### Related:

1. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! ... you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Colombia, Mexico, Venezuela_
2. [ In Montevideo, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and President of Uruguay Tabare Vazquez sign a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations. ](/news/2009/08/14/in-montevideo-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-president-of-uruguay-tabara-c-va-zquez-sign-a-strategic-association-accord-to-streng.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, Mexico, President_
3. [ President Felipe Calderon partially closes Mexico's economy for five days. ](/news/2009/04/30/president-felipe-caldera3n-partially-closes-mexico-s-economy-for-five-days.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, Mexico, President_
4. [ 2008 Andean diplomatic crisis: Interpol confirms that Colombia did not tamper with computer files in hardware seized from Raul Reyes. This alleged that Venezuela and Ecuador provided funding, assistance and drug routes to the terrorist group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. However, Interpol stated that they had not looked at the content of the files, only their authenticity. ](/news/2008/05/15/2008-andean-diplomatic-crisis-interpol-confirms-that-colombia-did-not-tamper-with-computer-files-in-hardware-seized-from-raul-reyes-this.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela_
5. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez calls for a cooling of tensions with Colombia at a summit of the Rio Group presidents in the Dominican Republic. The Rio Group later approves a declaration aimed at reducing tensions between, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia. ](/news/2008/03/7/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-calls-for-a-cooling-of-tensions-with-colombia-at-a-summit-of-the-rio-group-presidents-in-the-dominic.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela_
6. [ South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. ](/news/2008/03/2/south-american-diplomatic-crisis-president-hugo-chavez-orders-the-closure-of-the-venezuelan-embassy-in-colombia-and-moves-ten-battalions-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Venezuela_
7. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wher.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
10. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
