### [2009-08-13](/news/2009/08/13/index.md)

#  Ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya praises Chile for its "great image" as he meets its President Michelle Bachelet in Santiago and says he expects the United States to take "more drastic actions" against the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti. 

Ousted Honduran president Manuel Zelaya said he expects the US administration to take more drastic actions against the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti. Zelaya held a three and a half hour meeting on Thursday with Chilean president Michelle Bachelet in Santiago as part of his round of visits to drum support for his reinstatement.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/14/zelaya-calls-for-more-us-drastic-measures-against-honduras-usurpers)

### Related:

1. [ Ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya says a deal to resolve the political crisis in the country is "dead", after interim leader Roberto Micheletti announced a unity government without him. ](/news/2009/11/6/ousted-honduran-president-manuel-zelaya-says-a-deal-to-resolve-the-political-crisis-in-the-country-is-dead-after-interim-leader-roberto.md) _Context: Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, President, Roberto Micheletti, political crisis in the country_
2. [ Honduras' de facto leader Roberto Micheletti and ousted President Manuel Zelaya agree a deal to end the political crisis, reinstating Zelaya as President. ](/news/2009/10/30/honduras-de-facto-leader-roberto-micheletti-and-ousted-president-manuel-zelaya-agree-a-deal-to-end-the-political-crisis-reinstating-zelay.md) _Context: Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, President, Roberto Micheletti, political crisis in the country_
3. [ Negotiators in Honduras reach a deal to restore President Manuel Zelaya to office to end the political crisis in the country. ](/news/2009/10/14/negotiators-in-honduras-reach-a-deal-to-restore-president-manuel-zelaya-to-office-to-end-the-political-crisis-in-the-country.md) _Context: Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, President, political crisis in the country_
4. [ Ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya returns to his country, almost three months after the coup which overthrew him. He seeks shelter in the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa. Interim president Roberto Micheletti orders a 26 hour curfew and shuts down the airport as a result of the demonstrations sparked by Zelaya's return. ](/news/2009/09/21/ousted-honduran-president-manuel-zelaya-returns-to-his-country-almost-three-months-after-the-coup-which-overthrew-him-he-seeks-shelter-in.md) _Context: Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, President, Roberto Micheletti_
5. [ Exiled Honduran President Manuel Zelaya and interim President Roberto Micheletti agree to talks under mediation by Costa Rica. ](/news/2009/07/8/exiled-honduran-president-manuel-zelaya-and-interim-president-roberto-micheletti-agree-to-talks-under-mediation-by-costa-rica.md) _Context: Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, President, Roberto Micheletti_
6. [ Ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya is to meet with United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2009/07/7/ousted-honduran-president-manuel-zelaya-is-to-meet-with-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton.md) _Context: Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, President, U.S._
7. [The Chilean government says  President Michelle Bachelet voluntarily testified this week  as part of a probe into alleged tax crimes by her daughter-in-law Natalia Compagnon. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-chilean-government-says-president-michelle-bachelet-voluntarily-testified-this-week-as-part-of-a-probe-into-alleged-tax-crimes-by-her.md) _Context: Chile, Michelle Bachelet, President_
8. [2014 Iquique earthquake:The President of Chile Michelle Bachelet declares the northern part of Chile to be a disaster zone including the regions of Arica y Parinacota, and Tarapaca. ](/news/2014/04/2/2014-iquique-earthquake-pthe-president-of-chile-michelle-bachelet-declares-the-northern-part-of-chile-to-be-a-disaster-zone-including-the-re.md) _Context: Chile, Michelle Bachelet, President_
9. [The center-left candidate Michelle Bachelet is elected as president of Chile for the second time. She is the first leader in Chile to be elected to serve two terms since military rule ended in 1990. ](/news/2013/12/16/the-center-left-candidate-michelle-bachelet-is-elected-as-president-of-chile-for-the-second-time-she-is-the-first-leader-in-chile-to-be-ele.md) _Context: Chile, Michelle Bachelet, President_
10. [Voters in Chile go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election with former President Michelle Bachelet elected again. ](/news/2013/12/15/voters-in-chile-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-former-president-michelle-bachelet-elected-again.md) _Context: Chile, Michelle Bachelet, President_
