### [2003-10-20](/news/2003/10/20/index.md)

#  Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that during an informal meeting between him and Vladimir Putin, the Russian president indicated that he was tentatively in favour of signing the Kyoto Protocol. Russia's signature is absolutely necessary for the protocol to acquire the force of law.




### Related:

1. [ In Canada, former prime minister Jean Chrtien defends his government's actions in an inquiry into the misuse of government advertising and sponsorship funds. ](/news/2005/02/9/in-canada-former-prime-minister-jean-chretien-defends-his-government-s-actions-in-an-inquiry-into-the-misuse-of-government-advertising-and.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
2. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a bill approving parliament's ratification of the Kyoto protocol bringing the number of countries bound by the treaty to 126. ](/news/2004/11/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-bill-approving-parliament-s-ratification-of-the-kyoto-protocol-bringing-the-number-of-countries-bo.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that his country will pursue ratification of the Kyoto Protocol. Ratification will make the protocol take effect and impose trade restrictions on non-participating countries, such as Australia and the United States. ](/news/2004/05/21/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-his-country-will-pursue-ratification-of-the-kyoto-protocol-ratification-will-make-the-prot.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ Andrei Illarionov, economic advisor to President Vladimir Putin, indicates Russia will not ratify the Kyoto Protocol in its current form, a decision that would kill the accord. Some observers speculate that this is purely domestic posturing for forthcoming elections. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/3256604.stm]](/news/2003/12/2/andrei-illarionov-economic-advisor-to-president-vladimir-putin-indicates-russia-will-not-ratify-the-kyoto-protocol-in-its-current-form-a.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol, Vladimir Putin_
5. [ Politics of Canada: Paul Martin is elected leader of the Liberal Party. He becomes Prime Minister-designate and will assume office upon Jean Chrtien's retirement by the end of February 2004.](/news/2003/11/14/politics-of-canada-paul-martin-is-elected-leader-of-the-liberal-party-he-becomes-prime-minister-designate-and-will-assume-office-upon-jea.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
6. [ Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, visiting Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai, is whisked out of Kabul owing to reports of a rocket attack. The reports turn out to be unfounded.](/news/2003/10/18/canadian-prime-minister-jean-chretien-visiting-afghanistan-s-president-hamid-karzai-is-whisked-out-of-kabul-owing-to-reports-of-a-rocket.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
7. [ 90% of the delegates elected to the November 15 convention of the Liberal Party of Canada support Paul Martin, thereby assuring that he will win the leadership of the party and thereby become Prime Minister of Canada after Jean Chrtien retires in February 2004.](/news/2003/09/22/90-of-the-delegates-elected-to-the-november-15-convention-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-support-paul-martin-thereby-assuring-that-he-wil.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
8. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
9. [ Government of Canada: Jean Chrtien, the Prime Minister of Canada, announces he will step down in February 2004.](/news/2002/08/22/government-of-canada-jean-chretien-the-prime-minister-of-canada-announces-he-will-step-down-in-february-2004.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin dismisses Nizhny Novgorod Oblast governor Valery Shantsev from his post, the second governor to lose his job in a week after Putin dismissed Samara Oblast governor Nikolay Merkushkin the day before. ](/news/2017/09/26/russian-president-vladimir-putin-dismisses-nizhny-novgorod-oblast-governor-valery-shantsev-from-his-post-the-second-governor-to-lose-his-jo.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
