### [2017-08-12](/news/2017/08/12/index.md)

# Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. 

A car rams into a crowd after clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters in Virginia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-40912509)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/08/12/us/charlottesville-white-nationalists-rally/index.html)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/2-virginia-officers-killed-helicopter-crash-near-charlottesville-are-mourned-n792146)
4. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/violence-clashes-far-right-rally-charlottesville-virginia-latest-unite-the-right-a7890096.html)
4. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/1024x576/p05c796v.jpg)

### Related:

1. [3M CEO Inge Thulin and Campbell CEO Denise Morrison resign from the American Manufacturing Council in protest of Trump's reaction to the alt-right's actions at Charlottesville, Virginia, bringing the total number of resignations this week to 8. ](/news/2017/08/16/3m-ceo-inge-thulin-and-campbell-ceo-denise-morrison-resign-from-the-american-manufacturing-council-in-protest-of-trump-s-reaction-to-the-alt.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
2. [Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-for-neo-nazi-white.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
3. [During a protest in Durham, North Carolina, to show solidarity with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Confederate monument was pulled down and destroyed; a woman has been arrested and charged in connection with the event. ](/news/2017/08/14/during-a-protest-in-durham-north-carolina-to-show-solidarity-with-the-events-in-charlottesville-virginia-a-confederate-monument-was-pull.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
4. [A white nationalist rally called "Unite the Right" takes place in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/11/a-white-nationalist-rally-called-unite-the-right-takes-place-in-charlottesville-virginia.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
5. [Catalan police in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. ](/news/2017/08/18/catalan-police-in-the-coastal-town-of-cambrils-kill-five-suspected-terrorists-in-a-counter-terror-operation-to-stop-a-second-van-attack-the.md) _Context: van attack_

### Changes:

1. [Clashes break out between white supremacists and counter protestors in Charlottesville, Virginia over the removal of a Confederate statue. ](/news/2017/08/12/clashes-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counter-protestors-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-a-confederate-statue.md) _2017-08-12 18:30:04 (First version)_
2. [Clashes break out between white supremacists and counter protestors in Charlottesville, Virginia over the removal of a Confederate statue. Several people are injured after a car drives into a crowd of protesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/clashes-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counter-protestors-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-a-confederate-statue-s.md) _2017-08-12 20:30:05 (Update)_
3. [Fights break out between white supremacists and counter protestors in Charlottesville, Virginia over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person dies and several people are injured after a car drives into a crowd of protesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counter-protestors-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-edward-lee-sc.md) _2017-08-12 21:30:06 (Update)_
4. [Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a car drives into a crowd of protesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-edward-lee-scu.md) _2017-08-12 22:30:05 (Update)_
5. [2017 Unite the Right Rally; Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a car drives into a crowd of protesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-unite-the-right-rally-fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal.md) _2017-08-12 23:30:04 (Update)_
6. [Fights break out between alt-right protestors and left-wing counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-alt-right-protestors-and-left-wing-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-e.md) _2017-08-22 03:48:21 (Update)_
7. [Unite the Right rally: Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/unite-the-right-rally-fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-t.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:48 (Update)_
7. [Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-edward-lee-sc.md) _(Current version)_
