### [2006-02-9](/news/2006/02/9/index.md)

#  Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy: administration at the University of Prince Edward Island, Canada, ordered a halt to the on-campus distribution of the student newspaper Cadre after the cartoons were re-printed in the newspaper. Campus authorities also attempted to seize all 2,000 copies of the edition containing the cartoons. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/pei/story/pei-apology060213.html)

### Related:

1. [Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, pays tribute to freedom of speech at a ceremony to honour Kurt Westergaard, the cartoonist at the centre of the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. ](/news/2010/09/9/angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-pays-tribute-to-freedom-of-speech-at-a-ceremony-to-honour-kurt-westergaard-the-cartoonist-at-the.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
2. [Police in Denmark shoot a 28-year-old male Somali after he breaks into the Viby J home of Kurt Westergaard, the cartoonist at the centre of the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy in 2005, and threatens his family with an axe. ](/news/2010/01/2/police-in-denmark-shoot-a-28-year-old-male-somali-after-he-breaks-into-the-viby-j-home-of-kurt-westergaard-the-cartoonist-at-the-centre-of.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
3. [ Al-Qaeda claims responsibility for the 2008 Danish embassy bombing stating it was revenge for the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy. ](/news/2008/06/4/al-qaeda-claims-responsibility-for-the-2008-danish-embassy-bombing-stating-it-was-revenge-for-the-jyllands-posten-muhammad-cartoons-controv.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
4. [ Five arrests are made over the UK Islamist demonstration outside the Danish Embassy in London against the cartoons depicting the prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2006/03/15/five-arrests-are-made-over-the-uk-islamist-demonstration-outside-the-danish-embassy-in-london-against-the-cartoons-depicting-the-prophet-mu.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
5. [ Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy: in Afghanistan, four people are killed and eleven others are wounded by police firing on hundreds of protesters attempting to storm US military base. ](/news/2006/02/8/jyllands-posten-muhammad-cartoons-controversy-in-afghanistan-four-people-are-killed-and-eleven-others-are-wounded-by-police-firing-on-hun.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
6. [ Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy: An Iranian newspaper, ''Hamshahri'', has announced a competition for the best cartoon of the Holocaust "as a test of the boundaries of free speech". ](/news/2006/02/7/jyllands-posten-muhammad-cartoons-controversy-p-an-iranian-newspaper-hamshahri-has-announced-a-competition-for-the-best-cartoon-of-th.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
7. [ The Danish embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, is set on fire by protesters because of the continued controversy over the cartoons depicting the Muhammad, and rumors of Qur'an burnings in Denmark. ](/news/2006/02/5/the-danish-embassy-in-beirut-lebanon-is-set-on-fire-by-protesters-because-of-the-continued-controversy-over-the-cartoons-depicting-the-mu.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
8. [ The Danish, and as a consequence of sharing the same building, the Chilean and Swedish embassies in Damascus, are firebombed by protestors denouncing the publication of what they consider sacrilegious cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad. The Norwegian embassy is also burned. ](/news/2006/02/4/the-danish-and-as-a-consequence-of-sharing-the-same-building-the-chilean-and-swedish-embassies-in-damascus-are-firebombed-by-protestors.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
9. [ Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy: A Finnish editor of the paper ''Kaltio'', Jussi Vilkuna, was fired after refusing to remove a Muhammed-cartoon on the online version of the paper. This cartoon featured a westerner in the grips of Muhammad (who was masked), and Finnish politicians burning Danish flags. ](/news/2006/02/24/jyllands-posten-muhammad-cartoons-controversy-a-finnish-editor-of-the-paper-kaltio-jussi-vilkuna-was-fired-after-refusing-to-remove.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
10. [ Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy: Italian reform minister Roberto Calderoli resigns after criticism for wearing a T-shirt depicting the cartoons. The incident triggered yesterday's rioting outside the Italian consulate in Benghazi, Libya, in which at least 10 people died. ](/news/2006/02/18/jyllands-posten-muhammad-cartoons-controversy-p-italian-reform-minister-roberto-calderoli-resigns-after-criticism-for-wearing-a-t-shirt-dep.md) _Context: Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy_
