### [2010-03-25](/news/2010/03/25/index.md)

# The lawyer for Dennis Hopper admits for the first time that the actor is terminally ill and unable to undergo chemotherapy treatment for his prostate cancer. 

American actor Dennis Hopper is terminally ill and unable to undergo chemotherapy as he battles prostate cancer, his lawyer has said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/8586552.stm)
2. [Montreal Gazette](http://www.montrealgazette.com/health/Actor+Dennis+Hopper+dying+lawyer+states/2726177/story.html)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/celebritynews/7517137/Dennis-Hopper-too-sick-to-attend-divorce-proceedings.html)
4. [USA Today](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/entertainment/post/2010/03/ailing-dennis-hopper-to-get-walk-of-fame-star-/1)

### Related:

1. [Because of a nationwide shortage of intravenous sodium bicarbonate (i.e., baking soda solution), United States hospitals are rationing its use in heart surgery, chemotherapy, for patients whose blood is too acidic, and as an antidote to certain poisons. The two primary producers, Amphastar and Pfizer, indicate that supplies will not increase until late June. ](/news/2017/05/22/because-of-a-nationwide-shortage-of-intravenous-sodium-bicarbonate-i-e-baking-soda-solution-united-states-hospitals-are-rationing-its-u.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
2. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
4. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
5. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
6. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
7. [Research from the "Science Translational Medicine" suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
8. [Billionaire investor Warren Buffett admits he has prostate cancer. ](/news/2012/04/17/billionaire-investor-warren-buffett-admits-he-has-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
9. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez arrives back in Cuba for chemotherapy treatment. ](/news/2011/07/16/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-arrives-back-in-cuba-for-chemotherapy-treatment.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
10. [Movember wraps up with over $50 million raised for prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/11/30/movember-wraps-up-with-over-50-million-raised-for-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
