### [2010-03-25](/news/2010/03/25/index.md)

# The United States weakens proposed sanctions against Iran in a bid to win broader support on the UN Security Council as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismisses the impact of any new measures to stop Iran's nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [The Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Middle-East/2010/0325/Iran-nuclear-sanctions-Ahmadinejad-says-they-won-t-bite)

### Related:

1. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: Iran and weapons of mass destruction, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
2. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran and weapons of mass destruction, U.S._
3. [Representatives of the United States and European nations walk out of the General Assembly of the United Nations during an accusatory speech by the President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2011/09/22/representatives-of-the-united-states-and-european-nations-walk-out-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-during-an-accusatory-speech.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
4. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
5. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asks that the United States stop using what he describes as "cowboy logic" if it wants to engage in dialogue with Iran over its nuclear programme, adding that he would support negotiations. ](/news/2010/07/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-asks-that-the-united-states-stop-using-what-he-describes-as-cowboy-logic-if-it-wants-to-engage-in-di.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
6. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has applied for a visa to visit the United States next week for the Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference, and State Department spokesman Philip Crowley has said they will likely be approved, although "a face-to-face meeting between a US diplomat and an Iranian diplomat is highly unlikely" ](/news/2010/04/28/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-has-applied-for-a-visa-to-visit-the-united-states-next-week-for-the-non-proliferation-treaty-review-co.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
7. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
8. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses the United States of plotting to kidnap and assassinate him during a visit to Iraq. ](/news/2008/06/19/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-the-united-states-of-plotting-to-kidnap-and-assassinate-him-during-a-visit-to-iraq.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
9. [ The United States National Intelligence Estimate of November 2007 reports with "high confidence" that Iran stopped its nuclear weapons program in the fall of 2003 and has probably not restarted it since. ](/news/2007/12/3/the-united-states-national-intelligence-estimate-of-november-2007-reports-with-high-confidence-that-iran-stopped-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: Iran and weapons of mass destruction, U.S._
10. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks at Columbia University stating that Americans should look into "who was truly involved" in the September 11, 2001 attacks, defending his right to denial of the Holocaust, and denying the existence of gay Iranians. ](/news/2007/09/24/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-speaks-at-columbia-university-stating-that-americans-should-look-into-who-was-truly-involved-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, U.S._
