### [2003-10-27](/news/2003/10/27/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: More than 40 people are killed and over 200 are injured in a wave of coordinated bomb attacks on the Red Cross compound and several local police stations in Baghdad. George W. Bush states that the bombings are a sign of desperation by the insurgents.




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 47 people, mostly Iraqi army recruits, are killed by a car bomb in Baghdad in the second major bomb attack in two days.](/news/2004/02/11/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-47-people-mostly-iraqi-army-recruits-are-killed-by-a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-in-the-second-major-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: A large car bomb explodes in the central Iraqi town of Iskandariya, 25 mi south of Baghdad, killing at least 50 people.](/news/2004/02/10/occupation-of-iraq-a-large-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-central-iraqi-town-of-iskandariya-25-mi-south-of-baghdad-killing-at-least-50-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
4. [ Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.](/news/2004/01/18/occupation-of-iraq-at-around-8-am-local-time-5-am-gmt-in-baghdad-iraq-an-insurgent-suicide-bomber-driving-a-car-filled-with-explosives.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: A fuel tanker explodes in downtown Baghdad, killing 10 and wounding 15. Initially believed to be caused by a bomb, officials later conclude that a traffic accident was responsible. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3326499.stm]](/news/2003/12/17/occupation-of-iraq-a-fuel-tanker-explodes-in-downtown-baghdad-killing-10-and-wounding-15-initially-believed-to-be-caused-by-a-bomb-offi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Attacks consisting of six explosions, reportedly coordinated, occur (one in Kirkuk, five in Baghdad). The series of explosions in Baghdad, which may have come from mortar shells, is in an area that is home to several coalition headquarters buildings. The Kirkuk bomb blast northeast of Baghdad kills one Iraqi and wounds 15. The target of this explosion was the deputy governor of the northern Diyala province Aqil al-Hamid, who was in a convoy driving near the city of Baquba. He escapes uninjured. Also, another blast occurs near a holy Shiite Muslim shrine in the city of Karbala kills three people and injured 12.](/news/2003/11/3/occupation-of-iraq-attacks-consisting-of-six-explosions-reportedly-coordinated-occur-one-in-kirkuk-five-in-baghdad-the-series-of-exp.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: A team of eight Spanish intelligence agents is attacked south of Baghdad; seven are killed and one wounded. Two Japanese diplomats are killed near Tikrit. Two U.S. soldiers and a Colombian civilian contractor are killed in Baghdad.](/news/2003/11/29/occupation-of-iraq-a-team-of-eight-spanish-intelligence-agents-is-attacked-south-of-baghdad-seven-are-killed-and-one-wounded-two-japanes.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Baghdad to visit the American troops on Thanksgiving Day. The visit is not announced publicly until after Bush has left.](/news/2003/11/27/president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-baghdad-to-visit-the-american-troops-on-thanksgiving-day-the-visit-is-not-announced-pub.md) _Context: Baghdad, George W. Bush_
9. [ An audio-tape, purportedly from Saddam Hussein, airs on the Dubai station al-Arabiya. The CIA later informs that it is probably not the voice of Saddam Hussein. At least two loud blasts echo across Baghdad after dark on Sunday night. Top Iraqi scientist Dr. Modher Sadeq-Saba al-Tamimi flees to Iran. After eight months without work, and with no clear plans from the occupying Coalition, the scientist seeks work abroad. Iranian officials deny the claims. In the United Kingdom, Tony Blair faces the "electoral poison" of U.S. President George W. Bush's state visit next week.](/news/2003/11/16/an-audio-tape-purportedly-from-saddam-hussein-airs-on-the-dubai-station-al-arabiya-the-cia-later-informs-that-it-is-probably-not-the-voi.md) _Context: Baghdad, George W. Bush_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: Twin attacks in Baghdad killed a Spanish diplomat (by gunshot) and, in the other, at least ten people following an attack on a police station in Baghdad's main Shi'ite neighbourhood, exactly half a year since Coalition troops occupied the Iraqi city.](/news/2003/10/9/occupation-of-iraq-twin-attacks-in-baghdad-killed-a-spanish-diplomat-by-gunshot-and-in-the-other-at-least-ten-people-following-an-atta.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
