### [2017-01-20](/news/2017/01/20/index.md)

# Search continues for missing firefighters in Tehran's Plasco Building site after the building's deadly fire and collapsing last day. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/01/20/middleeast/iran-tehran-building-fire-collapse/)

### Related:

1. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Plasco Building, Tehran_
2. [2017 Tehran attacks. Gunmen attack the Islamic Consultative Assembly and Mausoleum of Ruhollah Khomeini in Tehran, Iran. Eighteen civilians are killed in the attack on the Parliament and one in the attack on the mausoleum. ](/news/2017/06/7/2017-tehran-attacks-gunmen-attack-the-islamic-consultative-assembly-and-mausoleum-of-ruhollah-khomeini-in-tehran-iran-eighteen-civilians.md) _Context: Tehran_
3. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Tehran Mayor Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf and First Vice President Eshaq Jahangiri submit their candidacies as registration closes. The final list of approved candidates will be announced on April 27. ](/news/2017/04/15/iranian-presidential-election-2017-tehran-mayor-mohammad-bagher-ghalibaf-and-first-vice-president-eshaq-jahangiri-submit-their-candidacies.md) _Context: Tehran_
4. [Death and state funeral of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. Hundreds of thousands of Iranians gather in Tehran for the funeral of former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. ](/news/2017/01/10/death-and-state-funeral-of-akbar-hashemi-rafsanjani-hundreds-of-thousands-of-iranians-gather-in-tehran-for-the-funeral-of-former-president.md) _Context: Tehran_
5. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Tehran_
6. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Tehran_
7. [OIC and Iran-Saudi relations. Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister has left Tehran for Saudi Arabia for participation in the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ministerial meeting in Jeddah which was called for by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to discuss the consequence of attack at Saudi Embassy in Tehran following the execution of Shia Muslim cleric Sheikh Nimr. ](/news/2016/01/19/oic-and-iran-saudi-relations-iranian-deputy-foreign-minister-has-left-tehran-for-saudi-arabia-for-participation-in-the-organization-of-isla.md) _Context: Tehran_
8. [Iran-Saudi Arabia relations. Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/iran-saudi-arabia-relations-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-te.md) _Context: Tehran_
9. [2016 United States federal budget. Iran hostage crisis. The 53 Americans taken hostage in Tehran, Iran, in 1979, or their families, will receive compensation of $4.4 million each from the United States government as a result of a provision in the spending deal signed into law last week. ](/news/2015/12/24/2016-united-states-federal-budget-iran-hostage-crisis-the-53-americans-taken-hostage-in-tehran-iran-in-1979-or-their-families-will-rec.md) _Context: Tehran_
10. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Tehran_
