### [2017-01-20](/news/2017/01/20/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: ISIL militants destroy part of Palmyra's ancient Roman theatre. 

An air strike killed more than 40 members of the jihadist group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham in northwestern Syria on Thursday night, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38689131)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/01/20/more-than-100-core-al-qaeda-fighters-killed-in-u-s-strike-in-syria.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-raid-idUSKBN1540RV)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/syrian-civil-war-isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): The Syrian Army takes full control of Palmyra after heavy fighting with ISIL forces, according to a Syrian military source. ](/news/2016/03/27/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-the-syrian-army-takes-full-control-of-palmyra-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil-forces-accor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/syrian-civil-war-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-ex.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War:: About 100 soldiers, guards and employees are killed as insurgents belonging to the Islamic State (ISIS) seize control of the Shaer gas field in Palmyra, central Syria. The United Kingdom-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 115 people were killed in total. ](/news/2014/07/18/syrian-civil-war-about-100-soldiers-guards-and-employees-are-killed-as-insurgents-belonging-to-the-islamic-state-isis-seize-control-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
