### [2017-01-20](/news/2017/01/20/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump nominates New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the next United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. 

The heir to the Johnson &amp; Johnson pharmaceutical empire originally supported Jeb Bush in the Republican primaries.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/new-york-jets-owner-woody-johnson-set-to-be-us-ambassador-to-uk-10735264)

### Related:

1. ["The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-said.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
2. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
3. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
4. [British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-by.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
5. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
