### [2010-07-19](/news/2010/07/19/index.md)

# A former British Army commanding officer is accused of lying to a public inquiry into the death of Baha Mousa, an Iraqi civilian in his soldiers' custody. 

A former Army commanding officer is accused of lying to a public inquiry into the 2003 death of Iraqi Baha Mousa in Basra.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-10686417)

### Related:

1. [ General Sir Richard Dannatt, the head of the British Army, confirms that Prince Harry will deploy with the Blues and Royals regiment on a six-month tour of duty in Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/30/general-sir-richard-dannatt-the-head-of-the-british-army-confirms-that-prince-harry-will-deploy-with-the-blues-and-royals-regiment-on-a-s.md) _Context: British Army, Iraq_
2. [ Iraqi insurgency: Soldiers from the British Army storm a police headquarters in Basra, Iraq, arresting allegedly corrupt officers, transferring prisoners thought to have been subject to torture, and demolishing the building. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6208535.stm]](/news/2006/12/25/iraqi-insurgency-soldiers-from-the-british-army-storm-a-police-headquarters-in-basra-iraq-arresting-allegedly-corrupt-officers-transfer.md) _Context: British Army, Iraq_
3. [ British tabloid The "News of the World" releases a video shot in 2004 by a British soldier showing the repeated kicking and beating of four Iraqi teenagers with batons by other British soldiers. The video contains a commentary by the cameraman urging the soldiers on. The Ministry of Defence began an investigation. One man was arrested on 13 February and two more on 14 February. ](/news/2006/02/12/british-tabloid-the-news-of-the-world-releases-a-video-shot-in-2004-by-a-british-soldier-showing-the-repeated-kicking-and-beating-of-four.md) _Context: British Army, Iraq_
4. [Deportation from the United States: U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Castlemartin Training Area: Two British Army soldiers are killed and two others are injured in an incident involving a tank at Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire, Wales. ](/news/2017/06/14/castlemartin-training-area-two-british-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-in-an-incident-involving-a-tank-at-castlemartin.md) _Context: British Army_
7. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Battle of Mosul: The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Battle of Mosul: The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq_
