### [2010-07-19](/news/2010/07/19/index.md)

# An undiscovered painting by Caravaggio is discovered in Rome, according to ''l'Osservatore Romano''. 

An undiscovered Caravaggio painting may have been discovered in Rome, according to the Vatican newspaper.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-10682743)
2. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/From-the-news-wires/2010/0719/Caravaggio-painting-of-man-being-barbecued-possibly-found-in-Rome?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+feeds%2Fcsm+%28Christian+Science+Monitor+%7C+All+Stories%29)

### Related:

1. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
2. [Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-with-exit-polls-showing-virginia-r.md) _Context: Rome_
3. [ A painting, ''Judith Beheading Holofernes'', believed to be from Italian painter Caravaggio, is discovered in an attic in the French city of Toulouse. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-painting-judith-beheading-holofernes-believed-to-be-from-italian-painter-caravaggio-is-discovered-in-an-attic-in-the-french-city-o.md) _Context: Caravaggio_
4. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Rome_
5. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that  would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights  they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-le.md) _Context: Rome_
6. [Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Rome_
7. [Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. ](/news/2015/06/27/pope-francis-in-an-apostolic-letter-done-motu-proprio-latin-on-his-own-initiative-creates-the-secretariat-for-communications-the.md) _Context: L'Osservatore Romano_
8. [Scores of flights are cancelled after a fire devastates part of terminal three at Rome's Fiumicino Airport. The fire was triggered by an electrical fault. ](/news/2015/05/7/scores-of-flights-are-cancelled-after-a-fire-devastates-part-of-terminal-three-at-rome-s-fiumicino-airport-the-fire-was-triggered-by-an-ele.md) _Context: Rome_
9. [Several hundred hooligans supporting the Dutch football club Feyenoord clash with the police in Rome, before the club's Europa League contest with local side Roma. In the clashes several people are injured and a large fragment of the 17th century Barcaccia fountain by Gianlorenzo Bernini is smashed. ](/news/2015/02/19/several-hundred-hooligans-supporting-the-dutch-football-club-feyenoord-clash-with-the-police-in-rome-before-the-club-s-europa-league-contes.md) _Context: Rome_
10. [Pope Francis creates 19 new cardinals in a ceremony at St Peter's Basilica in Rome. In addition, the Pope emeritus Benedict XVI makes his first public appearance at the Vatican since his resignation in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/22/pope-francis-creates-19-new-cardinals-in-a-ceremony-at-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-addition-the-pope-emeritus-benedict-xvi-makes-his-fi.md) _Context: Rome_
