### [2010-07-19](/news/2010/07/19/index.md)

# President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asks that the United States stop using what he describes as "cowboy logic" if it wants to engage in dialogue with Iran over its nuclear programme, adding that he would support negotiations. 

The US must stop using &quot;cowboy logic&quot; if it wants dialogue with Iran over its nuclear programme, the Iranian president says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10683549)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
2. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls Israel "nothing more than a mosquito" and downplays the idea of war between the two countries, ahead of talks regarding Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/05/12/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-israel-nothing-more-than-a-mosquito-and-downplays-the-idea-of-war-between-the-two-countries-a.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
3. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says that Iran is willing to talk about Iran's nuclear program with other leaders. ](/news/2012/01/25/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-that-iran-is-willing-to-talk-about-iran-s-nuclear-program-with-other-leaders.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
4. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report-is-based-on-empty-claims-and-that-iran-would-not.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
5. [The Parliament of Iran gives a vote of confidence to Ali Akbar Salehi, who has led the Atomic Energy Organisation of Iran since July 2009 and Iran's nuclear program, and is President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's candidate to become Minister of Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2011/01/30/the-parliament-of-iran-gives-a-vote-of-confidence-to-ali-akbar-salehi-who-has-led-the-atomic-energy-organisation-of-iran-since-july-2009-an.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
6. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, U.S._
7. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has applied for a visa to visit the United States next week for the Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference, and State Department spokesman Philip Crowley has said they will likely be approved, although "a face-to-face meeting between a US diplomat and an Iranian diplomat is highly unlikely" ](/news/2010/04/28/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-has-applied-for-a-visa-to-visit-the-united-states-next-week-for-the-non-proliferation-treaty-review-co.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, U.S._
8. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the government is ready for a deal on its nuclear program. ](/news/2009/10/29/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-government-is-ready-for-a-deal-on-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects U.S. President Barack Obama's accusation about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2009/09/26/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-rejects-u-s-president-barack-obama-s-accusation-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, nuclear program_
10. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, U.S._
