### [2016-11-6](/news/2016/11/6/index.md)

# Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. 

An FBI investigation finds no evidence of criminality in the latest batch of Hillary Clinton emails.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-37892138#)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/06/politics/comey-tells-congress-fbi-has-not-changed-conclusions/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-clinton-over-her-emails.md) _Context: FBI, Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clinton-for-possible-crimes-relat.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [ James Comey informs Congress that "the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation." He says the FBI has not yet assessed the importance or significance of these emails. ](/news/2016/10/28/james-comey-informs-congress-that-the-fbi-has-learned-of-the-existence-of-emails-that-appear-pertinent-to-the-investigation-he-says-the.md) _Context: James Comey, email server_
4. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s-use-of-a-personal-email-system-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
5. [The American Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating claims that the Hillary Clinton campaign has been hacked as part of recent cyber-attacks on the Democrats. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-american-federal-bureau-of-investigation-is-investigating-claims-that-the-hillary-clinton-campaign-has-been-hacked-as-part-of-recent-cyb.md) _Context: FBI, Hillary Clinton_
6. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
8. [The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-closely-guarded-information-rated-as-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
9. [The U.S.'s Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director, James Comey, announces an increased reward of $5 million (up from $1 million, issued in 2012) for information leading to the return of a former FBI agent Robert Levinson (who disappeared March 9, 2007, in Iran and who was paid by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to gather information about Iran's nuclear program). ](/news/2015/03/9/the-u-s-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-director-james-comey-announces-an-increased-reward-of-5-million-up-from-1-million-iss.md) _Context: FBI, James Comey_
10. [U.S. Secretary of State Clinton notifies Congress of her intent to include the Haqqani network on the government's terror list. An attache at the Embassy of Pakistan in Washington dismisses the decision as an "internal matter" of the United States and reaffirms Pakistan's commitment to "combating extremism and terrorism." Haqqani senior commanders say the decision will not help in bringing peace to Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/09/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-clinton-notifies-congress-of-her-intent-to-include-the-haqqani-network-on-the-government-s-terror-list-an-attacha-c.md) _Context: Congress, Hillary Clinton_
