### [2016-11-6](/news/2016/11/6/index.md)

# In an apparent rebuke against United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, Pope Francis speaks a sermon in Spanish warning against "fear" and the "walls" that divide. 

&ldquo;No tyranny can be sustained without exploiting our fears,&rdquo; the pope said.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/acts-of-faith/wp/2016/11/06/as-election-nears-pope-francis-warns-against-fear-building-walls/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
3. [Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign-for-her-in-the-district.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Tens of thousands of people march in dozens of U.S. cities and at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, to demand that Trump release his tax returns and to show the public cares about the issue. There were clashes between Trump supporters and protesters at some locations, with 11 people injured and 21 arrested at a riot in Berkeley, California. ](/news/2017/04/15/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-dozens-of-u-s-cities-and-at-president-donald-trump-s-mar-a-lago-resort-in-palm-beach-florida-to-dema.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/presidency-of-donald-trump-pu-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
