### [2016-11-6](/news/2016/11/6/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. 

Explosives-laden ambulances are used to kill 21 people in the Iraqi cities of Tikrit and Samarra.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-37888028)
2. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3909882/Suicide-bombers-strike-two-Iraqi-cities-killing-11--officials.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-blasts-idUSKBN13107V)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra, Tikrit_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Two suicide bombers kill 70 people and injure more than 100 others at a crowded market in Sadr City, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-suicide-bombers-kill-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-at-a-crowded-market-in-sadr-city-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Suicide bombers_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Salahuddin campaign. Islamic State militants counter-attack in Iraq's Saladin province and seize locations west, north and south of Baiji, home to Iraq's largest oil refinery. In addition, the militants attack oilfields west of Tikrit, capture parts of the town of Seiniyah, portions of Mak'houl Mountain, and an abandoned fertilizer plant. ](/news/2015/11/22/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-salahuddin-campaign-islamic-state-militants-counter-attack-in-iraq-s-saladin-province-and-seize-locations.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Tikrit_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Tikrit_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). At least 21 people are killed after two suicide bombers attack a wedding party near Tikrit. ](/news/2017/03/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-21-people-are-killed-after-two-suicide-bombers-attack-a-wedding-party-near-tikrit.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Tikrit_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A triple suicide bomb attack north of Tikrit kills at least 11 and injures another 34 members of Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/09/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-triple-suicide-bomb-attack-north-of-tikrit-kills-at-least-11-and-injures-another-34-members-of-iraqi-sec.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Tikrit_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
