### [2016-11-6](/news/2016/11/6/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Syrian Democratic Forces begin a campaign to recapture Al-Raqqah from ISIL. 

BEIRUT (AP) — Kurdish-led Syrian forces began an offensive Sunday to liberate the Islamic State group&#039;s de facto capital of Raqqa, clashing with the extremists north of the Syrian city and warning neighboring Turkey not…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5d2818fec6864288933e4b29e2b1abb4/syria-kurds-announce-start-campaign-retake-raqqa)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
3. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-captu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [Syrian Civil War: U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Manbij offensive (2016): The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/syrian-civil-war-manbij-offensive-2016-the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, airstrikes on ISIL-held Al-Raqqah kill at least 18 civilians. The group was unable to determine who carried out the airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/22/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-airstrikes-on-isil-held-al-raqqah-kill-at-least-18-civilians-the-gr.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Manbij offensive: Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/manbij-offensive-kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-c.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [Syrian Civil War: According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, -most likely operated by the US-led coalition,- kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-most-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-kills.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
