### [2016-11-6](/news/2016/11/6/index.md)

# Syrian Democratic Forces begin a campaign to recapture Al-Raqqah from ISIL. 

BEIRUT (AP) — Kurdish-led Syrian forces began an offensive Sunday to liberate the Islamic State group&#039;s de facto capital of Raqqa, clashing with the extremists north of the Syrian city and warning neighboring Turkey not…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5d2818fec6864288933e4b29e2b1abb4/syria-kurds-announce-start-campaign-retake-raqqa)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
3. [The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-capturing-territory-fro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
4. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, airstrikes on ISIL-held Al-Raqqah kill at least 18 civilians. The group was unable to determine who carried out the airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/22/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-airstrikes-on-isil-held-al-raqqah-kill-at-least-18-civilians-the-group-was-unable-to.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-closer-to-isil-s-de.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syrian Democratic Forces_
8. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack,  "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hi.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
