### [2013-08-6](/news/2013/08/6/index.md)

# 2013 embassy closures:. The United States Department of State evacuates staff from the United States Embassy in Yemen due to an al-Qaida threat. 




### Source:

1. [AP via NPR](http://www.npr.org/2013/08/06/209415598/state-department-orders-u-s-citizens-out-of-yemen)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni War. Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Yakla raid. A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yakla-raid-a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medic.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
4. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippine Drug War. United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: United States, United States State Department_
5. [Yemeni Crisis. The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Crisis. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
7. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). War on Terror. At least 50 militants are reportedly killed in a U.S. air strike on an Al-Qaeda training camp in southern Yemen. ](/news/2016/03/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-war-on-terror-at-least-50-militants-are-reportedly-killed-in-a-u-s-air-strike-on-an-al-qaeda-training-c.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
9. [Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen. Drone strikes in Yemen. A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle in Yemen's Shabwah Governorate kills three suspected Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) militants. ](/news/2016/01/16/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-drone-strikes-in-yemen-a-u-s-drone-strike-on-a-vehicle-in-yemen-s-shabwah-governorate-kills-three-suspected.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. ](/news/2015/12/1/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-major-push-by-yemen-based-houthi-forces-into-the-kingdom-s-southern-najran-region-kills-dozens-of.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
