### [2003-07-10](/news/2003/07/10/index.md)

#  Former International Development Secretary Clare Short urges that British Prime Minister Tony Blair voluntarily leave the premiership. Blair, dining with Bill Clinton in London's Guildhall, makes no comment.




### Related:

1. [Tony Blair is to receive a prestigious medal and $100,000 from the United States, presented by Bill Clinton, for his "steadfast" efforts in "the resolution of conflicts rooted in religion around the world". ](/news/2010/06/30/tony-blair-is-to-receive-a-prestigious-medal-and-100-000-from-the-united-states-presented-by-bill-clinton-for-his-steadfast-efforts-in.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, Tony Blair_
2. [ Clare Short resigns from the UK cabinet, saying that Tony Blair had reneged on promises about the role of the United Nations in the future of Iraq. Her successor as International Development Secretary, the Baroness Amos, is the UK's first black woman cabinet minister.](/news/2003/05/12/clare-short-resigns-from-the-uk-cabinet-saying-that-tony-blair-had-reneged-on-promises-about-the-role-of-the-united-nations-in-the-future.md) _Context: Clare Short, Tony Blair_
3. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: In an interview on BBC Radio 4, Clare Short, a member of Tony Blair's cabinet, describes his stance on Iraq as "deeply reckless", and says she would resign if he committed the UK to war without an unambiguous mandate from the United Nations.](/news/2003/03/9/iraq-disarmament-crisis-in-an-interview-on-bbc-radio-4-clare-short-a-member-of-tony-blair-s-cabinet-describes-his-stance-on-iraq-as-de.md) _Context: Clare Short, Tony Blair_
4. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
5. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
6. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair agrees to become Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's economic adviser as part of a program funded by the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2014/07/2/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-agrees-to-become-egyptian-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-s-economic-adviser-as-part-of-a-program-fu.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
7. [Monica Lewinsky releases a book recalling her affair with then United States President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2014/05/6/monica-lewinsky-releases-a-book-recalling-her-affair-with-then-united-states-president-bill-clinton.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
8. [Former U.S. president Bill Clinton is paid $500,000 to give a speech in honour of Israeli president Shimon Peres. ](/news/2013/06/3/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-is-paid-500-000-to-give-a-speech-in-honour-of-israeli-president-shimon-peres.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
9. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
10. [Aung San Suu Kyi and Thein Sein are ranked first on Foreign Policy's 2012 Top 100 Global Thinkers list ahead of Moncef Marzouki, Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. Also, Malala Yousafzai is ranked sixth behind Bill Gates and Melinda Gates, but ahead of Barack Obama. ](/news/2012/11/27/aung-san-suu-kyi-and-thein-sein-are-ranked-first-on-foreign-policyas-2012-top-100-global-thinkers-list-ahead-of-moncef-marzouki-bill-clin.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
