### [2003-07-10](/news/2003/07/10/index.md)

#  The Diana, Princess of Wales Memorial Fund announces that on legal advice it has frozen its funds as it faces a demand for GBP15&nbsp;million ($25&nbsp;million) damages for alleged "malicious prosecution" from the "Franklin Mint" in the US. The Mint had won a courtcase over its right to manufacture a Diana, Princess of Wales lookalike doll. Hundreds of charities are expected face financial difficulties as a result of the freeze. Arc Charity Chief Executive James Churchill says "I hope that the Franklin Mint Corporation is aware of the damage that their action is causing to groups of vulnerable young people all over the world."




### Related:

1. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: grandmother_
2. [ Paul Burrell, Princess Diana's butler, refuses to be questioned about whether he lied to the inquest into her death in 1997. ](/news/2008/03/6/paul-burrell-princess-diana-s-butler-refuses-to-be-questioned-about-whether-he-lied-to-the-inquest-into-her-death-in-1997.md) _Context: grandmother_
3. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: grandmother_
4. [ DNA testing confirms that blood with a high blood alcohol content did indeed belong to Henri Paul, the driver in the crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales, Dodi al Fayed and Paul himself in 1997. ](/news/2006/12/9/dna-testing-confirms-that-blood-with-a-high-blood-alcohol-content-did-indeed-belong-to-henri-paul-the-driver-in-the-crash-that-killed-dian.md) _Context: grandmother_
5. [ Operation Paget, the inquiry into the death in 1997 of Diana, Princess of Wales headed by Lord Stevens, a former chief of London's Metropolitan Police, concludes that there were no suspicious circumstances and that the fatal car crash in which she died was a 'tragic accident'. ](/news/2006/12/14/operation-paget-the-inquiry-into-the-death-in-1997-of-diana-princess-of-wales-headed-by-lord-stevens-a-former-chief-of-london-s-metropol.md) _Context: grandmother_
6. [ Three paparazzi who were pursuing Diana and Dodi Al-Fayed when they died face a new trial in France. ](/news/2005/04/14/three-paparazzi-who-were-pursuing-diana-and-dodi-al-fayed-when-they-died-face-a-new-trial-in-france.md) _Context: grandmother_
7. [ The "Daily Mirror", a British tabloid, publishes the blacked out portion of a letter wherein Diana, Princess of Wales alleged that someone was trying to kill her. The relevant portion reads: "[M]y husband is planning 'an accident' in my car, brake failure & serious head injury in order to make the path clear for him to marry." The part "my husband" (referring to Charles, Prince of Wales) had been previously blacked out, and the word "him" replaced with "Charles" in transcripts of the letter released by Diana's butler, Paul Burrell. The revelation comes on the same day the inquest into the death of Diana and her lover Dodi Al-Fayed is officially opened.](/news/2004/01/6/the-daily-mirror-a-british-tabloid-publishes-the-blacked-out-portion-of-a-letter-wherein-diana-princess-of-wales-alleged-that-someone.md) _Context: grandmother_
8. [ A senior French police source claims Diana, Princess of Wales was pregnant when she was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997. A Clarence House spokesperson for The Prince of Wales refuses to comment on the issue. Mohamed Al-Fayed, the father of Diana's partner Dodi Al-Fayed had long insisted that Diana was pregnant with Dodi's baby and that she was murdered to stop her from giving birth. ](/news/2003/12/21/a-senior-french-police-source-claims-diana-princess-of-wales-was-pregnant-when-she-was-killed-in-a-car-crash-in-paris-in-1997-a-clarence.md) _Context: grandmother_
