### [2007-02-16](/news/2007/02/16/index.md)

#  An Italian judge has ordered 26 U.S. citizens, most of them CIA agents, to stand trial over the kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in Milan in 2003. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/6368269.stm)

### Related:

1. [ An Italian court convicts 22 CIA agents and 2 Italian agents over the kidnap of Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in Milan in 2003, in the first court case challenging the CIA's "extraordinary rendition" programme. ](/news/2009/11/4/an-italian-court-convicts-22-cia-agents-and-2-italian-agents-over-the-kidnap-of-muslim-cleric-hassan-mustafa-osama-nasr-in-milan-in-2003-i.md) _Context: Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, Italian, Milan_
2. [ An Italian judge ordering the arrest of 13 people linked to the CIA on charges of kidnapping terrorism suspect Abu Omar allegedly in order to have him tortured in Egypt dramatizes a growing rift between the U.S. and its allies in the War on Terrorism. ](/news/2005/06/24/an-italian-judge-ordering-the-arrest-of-13-people-linked-to-the-cia-on-charges-of-kidnapping-terrorism-suspect-abu-omar-allegedly-in-order.md) _Context: Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr, Italian, United States_
3. [Vault 7: WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
4. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
5. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: Italian, United States_
6. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
7. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: Italian, Milan_
9. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: CIA, United States_
10. [A Ghanaian national goes on a spree attack with a pickaxe in Milan, Italy killing a passerby and wounding four others in an apparently random attack. ](/news/2013/05/11/a-ghanaian-national-goes-on-a-spree-attack-with-a-pickaxe-in-milan-italy-killing-a-passerby-and-wounding-four-others-in-an-apparently-rando.md) _Context: Italian, Milan_
