### [2008-11-27](/news/2008/11/27/index.md)

#  A Polish ABW secret service report says the shooting incident in Georgia involving Polish President Lech Kaczynski and Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili was most likely "a provocation" staged by the Georgians 




### Source:

1. [The Warsaw Voice](http://www.warsawvoice.pl/newsX.php/7352/4661322043)

### Related:

1. [ Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mikheil-saakashvili-and-polish-president-lech.md) _Context: Georgian, Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
2. [Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili resigns as governor of the Ukrainian region of Odessa, citing corruption in Odessa as the main reason. ](/news/2016/11/7/former-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili-resigns-as-governor-of-the-ukrainian-region-of-odessa-citing-corruption-in-odessa-as-the-main.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
3. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
4. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
5. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
6. [Poland announces the date of its presidential election &mdash; June 20 &mdash; to elect plane crash victim Lech Kaczynski's successor. ](/news/2010/04/21/poland-announces-the-date-of-its-presidential-election-mdash-june-20-mdash-to-elect-plane-crash-victim-lech-kaczyaski-s-successor.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
7. [Controversy arises over the decision to bury Polish President Lech Kaczynski in Wawel Cathedral in Krakow--a place reserved for Poland's kings and heroes. Hundreds of people have taken to the streets in protest, and thousands have joined an internet campaign objecting to the plan. ](/news/2010/04/14/controversy-arises-over-the-decision-to-bury-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-wawel-cathedral-in-kraka3waa-place-reserved-for-poland-s.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
8. [The body of Poland's First Lady, Maria Kaczynska, is flown to Warsaw to lie in state alongside that of her husband, President Lech Kaczynski. Poland has seen an outpouring of grief since the couple and scores of other senior Polish officials died in a plane crash in western Russia on Saturday. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-body-of-poland-s-first-lady-maria-kaczyaska-is-flown-to-warsaw-to-lie-in-state-alongside-that-of-her-husband-president-lech-kaczyas.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
9. [Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning-and-poland-appoints-an-acting-head-of-the-central.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
10. [The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/the-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north-of-smolensk-russia-is-flown-back-to-poland.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
