### [2010-10-28](/news/2010/10/28/index.md)

# American International Group says that if chief executive Robert Benmosche needs to step aside for treatment of his cancer, the chairman of the board, Steve Miller, will serve as interim CEO "for as long as it takes to identify" a permanent replacement. 




### Source:

1. [AIG Release](http://www.aigcorporate.com/newsroom/index.html)

### Related:

1. [American International Group CEO Robert Benmosche has cancer, the company said, and he is receiving "aggressive chemotherapy," but his prognosis is not clear. ](/news/2010/10/25/american-international-group-ceo-robert-benmosche-has-cancer-the-company-said-and-he-is-receiving-aggressive-chemotherapy-but-his-progn.md) _Context: AIG, Robert Benmosche, cancer_
2. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: cancer_
3. [Proceedings begin in the trial of Maurice "Hank" Greenberg, former chairman of the giant insurance company AIG, on charges of accounting fraud. The 2005 indictment accuses Greenberg and  AIG's former CFO of setting up bogus reinsurance transactions to conceal the insurer's financial difficulties in 2000 and 2001. ](/news/2016/09/13/proceedings-begin-in-the-trial-of-maurice-hank-greenberg-former-chairman-of-the-giant-insurance-company-aig-on-charges-of-accounting-fra.md) _Context: AIG_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
6. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [Research from the ''Science Translational Medicine'' suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: cancer_
9. [After a two-year research project conducted by scientists at the National Chemistry Institute of the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Vietnam becomes the world's tenth country to successfully apply nanotechnology to produce nano curcumin, a substance that can help treat cancer. ](/news/2013/10/31/after-a-two-year-research-project-conducted-by-scientists-at-the-national-chemistry-institute-of-the-vietnam-academy-of-science-and-technolo.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [American Pulitzer Prize-winning film reviewer Roger Ebert dies at the age of 70 following a battle with cancer which initially cost him his voice. ](/news/2013/04/4/american-pulitzer-prize-winning-film-reviewer-roger-ebert-dies-at-the-age-of-70-following-a-battle-with-cancer-which-initially-cost-him-his.md) _Context: cancer_
