### [2013-03-17](/news/2013/03/17/index.md)

# An Albanian hitman serving time in Greece takes six people hostage in an apparent escape attempt. 

A hostage drama at a Greek prison ends peacefully with the surrender of an Albanian killer who previously escaped twice from a high-security jail.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21822775)

### Related:

1. [ Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans.  It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. ](/news/2007/07/24/republic-of-macedonia-albania-and-serbian-autonomous-province-of-kosovo-are-experiencing-blackouts-as-a-result-of-the-2007-european-heatwa.md) _Context: Albania, Greece_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
3. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
4. [Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama dismisses four cabinet ministers, including Minister of Internal Affairs Saimir Tahiri and Minister of Health Ilir Beqaj, in a bid to make the government more technocratic following opposition Democratic Party protests. ](/news/2017/03/12/albanian-prime-minister-edi-rama-dismisses-four-cabinet-ministers-including-minister-of-internal-affairs-saimir-tahiri-and-minister-of-heal.md) _Context: Albania_
5. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greece_
6. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Greece_
7. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Greece_
8. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: Greece_
9. [The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds   as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-regular-loans-for-t.md) _Context: Greece_
10. [A gathering of Eastern Orthodox Churches, the first of its kind in a millennium, opens on the Greek island of Crete. However, the Russian, Bulgarian, Georgian and the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch refused to attend after a dispute. The gathering will last until June 27. ](/news/2016/06/19/a-gathering-of-eastern-orthodox-churches-the-first-of-its-kind-in-a-millennium-opens-on-the-greek-island-of-crete-however-the-russian-b.md) _Context: Greece_
