### [2013-03-17](/news/2013/03/17/index.md)

# Following a train derailment, Amtrak temporarily suspends service along the busy New York-to-Boston route. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jOEoomtY7ULhNrJzjDTZd9ni1Kjw)

### Related:

1. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Boston_
2. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: New York_
3. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York_
4. [New York authorities charge a man with second-degree murder in the deaths of a New York Muslim imam and his assistant. ](/news/2016/08/15/new-york-authorities-charge-a-man-with-second-degree-murder-in-the-deaths-of-a-new-york-muslim-imam-and-his-assistant.md) _Context: New York_
5. [A crane collapses across the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York. No vehicles are hit, but several contractors suffer minor injuries. ](/news/2016/07/19/a-crane-collapses-across-the-tappan-zee-bridge-in-new-york-no-vehicles-are-hit-but-several-contractors-suffer-minor-injuries.md) _Context: New York_
6. [Five people are killed in the American state of Colorado after an Amtrak train collides with a minivan carrying six people near the town of Trinidad, Colorado. ](/news/2016/06/26/five-people-are-killed-in-the-american-state-of-colorado-after-an-amtrak-train-collides-with-a-minivan-carrying-six-people-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Amtrak_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: New York_
8. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Boston_
9. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material.  All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line.  ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: Amtrak_
10. [Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmetto-route-traveling-from-new-york-city-to-savan.md) _Context: Amtrak_
