### [2013-03-17](/news/2013/03/17/index.md)

# In tennis, Rafael Nadal wins men's singles and Maria Sharapova wins women's singles at the 2013 BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, California, United States. 

Sharapova put her foot on the gas early with a break in the first game and didn&#39;t let up, firing winners off both wings and peppering Wozniacki with four aces. Wozniacki, a former world No. 1 who owns 20 WTA titles -- including an Indian Wells win in 2011 -- has still never beaten a top-three player in a final.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/tennis/21825356)
2. [NDTV](http://sports.ndtv.com/tennis/news/item/205061-maria-sharapova-routs-caroline-wozniacki-for-indian-wells-title)

### Related:

1. [The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: California, U.S._
2. [In tennis, Andy Murray of Scotland defeats Canadian Milos Raonic in the finals of the men's singles to win his second Wimbledon championship. It is the first time that a men's Wimbledon final has not featured Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic since 2002. ](/news/2016/07/10/in-tennis-andy-murray-of-scotland-defeats-canadian-milos-raonic-in-the-finals-of-the-men-s-singles-to-win-his-second-wimbledon-championship.md) _Context: Rafael Nadal, tennis_
3. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, U.S._
4. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, U.S._
5. [Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova tests positive for meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open tennis championship. She has taken the drug since 2006 on prescription for health issues. World Anti-Doping Agency President Craig Reedie says an athlete found guilty of using meldonium would normally face a one-year suspension. ](/news/2016/03/7/russian-tennis-star-maria-sharapova-tests-positive-for-meldonium-at-the-2016-australian-open-tennis-championship-she-has-taken-the-drug-sin.md) _Context: Maria Sharapova, tennis_
6. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, U.S._
7. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, U.S._
8. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, U.S._
9. [Six people are wounded during a drive-by shooting outside a McDonald's restaurant in East Palo Alto, California, United States. ](/news/2013/05/5/six-people-are-wounded-during-a-drive-by-shooting-outside-a-mcdonald-s-restaurant-in-east-palo-alto-california-united-states.md) _Context: California, U.S._
10. [A limousine catches fire on the San Mateo Bridge in Hayward, California, United States killing five women and injuring four trapped inside. ](/news/2013/05/5/a-limousine-catches-fire-on-the-san-mateo-bridge-in-hayward-california-united-states-killing-five-women-and-injuring-four-trapped-inside.md) _Context: California, U.S._
