### [2011-03-24](/news/2011/03/24/index.md)

# A U.S. federal district court in Delaware rules in favor of Cephalon, a phamaceutical company, in a patent infringement lawsuit it had brought against a manufacturer of generic drugs. 

A U.S. Court upheld aCephalon Inc CEPH.O patent protecting its Fentora painmedicine in a dispute with generic drugmaker WatsonPharmaceuticals Inc WPI.N, Cephalon said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/24/cephalon-watson-idUSN2419136720110324)

### Related:

1. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [Energy Future Holdings, a Texas electric utility, asks a bankruptcy court in Delaware to confirm a plan that would allow it to exit Chapter 11 after more than two years. ](/news/2016/08/17/energy-future-holdings-a-texas-electric-utility-asks-a-bankruptcy-court-in-delaware-to-confirm-a-plan-that-would-allow-it-to-exit-chapter.md) _Context: Delaware_
4. [In the United States, a Delaware court rules Michael Dell and Silver Lake Partners underpriced their 2013 $24.9 billion buyout of Dell Inc. by about 22 percent, and may have to pay tens of millions to investors who opposed the deal. ](/news/2016/05/31/in-the-united-states-a-delaware-court-rules-michael-dell-and-silver-lake-partners-underpriced-their-2013-24-9-billion-buyout-of-dell-inc.md) _Context: Delaware_
5. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Delaware_
7. [Germany's BASF SE, the largest chemical producer in the world, is pursuing a counterbid for DuPont that could short circuit the Delaware-based company's announced merger with fellow American firm, Dow Chemical Company. ](/news/2016/03/7/germany-s-basf-se-the-largest-chemical-producer-in-the-world-is-pursuing-a-counterbid-for-dupont-that-could-short-circuit-the-delaware-bas.md) _Context: Delaware_
8. [U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-and-kill-29-militants.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [This potentially record storm, which is predicted to generate blizzard conditions through a third day on Sunday, has caused at least 10 deaths, knocked out power to hundreds of thousands, led to more than 8,300 canceled flights, stranded many travelers on major highways and, with up to 70 mph winds, produced record-high tides along the Delaware and New Jersey shores. ](/news/2016/01/23/this-potentially-record-storm-which-is-predicted-to-generate-blizzard-conditions-through-a-third-day-on-sunday-has-caused-at-least-10-deat.md) _Context: Delaware_
10. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: U.S._
