### [2011-03-24](/news/2011/03/24/index.md)

# Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. 

Irish billionaire businessman Denis O&#039;Brien and a former Irish government minister have been accused of being involved in a &#034;cynical and venal abuse of power&#034; in negotiations for a substantial mobile telephone licence.


### Source:

1. [Irish Central](http://www.irishcentral.com/story/roots/the_american_in_ireland/from-little-corrupt-acts-do-big-corrupt-acts-grow-118499624.html)
2. [Irish Examiner](http://www.examiner.ie/ireland/lowry-refuses-to-resign-as-dpp-receives-findings-149203.html)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/mediatechnologyandtelecoms/media/8399790/Denis-OBrien-paid-minister-to-help-secure-Irish-phone-licence.html)
4. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/ireland/2011/0324/1224292956367.html)
5. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/opinion/2011/0324/1224292954590.html)
6. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/opinion/2011/0324/1224292954595.html)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal:Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-with.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Michael Lowry, Moriarty Tribunal, Taoiseach_
2. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
3. [Moriarty Tribunal:The Moriarty Tribunal, which yesterday found former government minister Michael Lowry guilty "beyond doubt" of assisting billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal, is referred to the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP). ](/news/2011/03/23/moriarty-tribunal-pthe-moriarty-tribunal-which-yesterday-found-former-government-minister-michael-lowry-guilty-beyond-doubt-of-assisting.md) _Context: Denis O'Brien, Esat Digifone, Michael Lowry, Moriarty Tribunal_
4. [The Moriarty Tribunal, in investigating links between businessman Denis O'Brien and then government minister Michael Lowry, finds "beyond doubt" that Lowry assisted O'Brien in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, and concludes that Lowry's actions were "disgraceful and insidious." ](/news/2011/03/22/the-moriarty-tribunal-in-investigating-links-between-businessman-denis-o-brien-and-then-government-minister-michael-lowry-finds-beyond-do.md) _Context: Denis O'Brien, Esat Digifone, Michael Lowry, Moriarty Tribunal_
5. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
6. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
8. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
9. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen promises to dissolve Dail Eireann next Tuesday and to announce the date of the Irish general election, 2011. ](/news/2011/01/28/taoiseach-brian-cowen-promises-to-dissolve-da-il-aireann-next-tuesday-and-to-announce-the-date-of-the-irish-general-election-2011.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
10. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
