### [2011-03-24](/news/2011/03/24/index.md)

# The European Commission is hit by a cyberattack. 

The European Commission has been hit by one of the most serious cyberattacks ever this week. Commission staff have been told to change their passwords and access to webmail and intranet from outside has been suspended.


### Source:

1. [Computerworld](http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9215041/European_Commission_hit_by_cyberattack)
2. [Europolitics](http://www.europolitics.info/institutions/cyber-attack-hits-commission-art299419-36.html)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
2. [European Union competition law: The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
3. [2017 Petya cyberattack: A major ransomware cyberattack strikes companies across the globe and 80% of all infections were in Ukraine. ](/news/2017/06/27/2017-petya-cyberattack-a-major-ransomware-cyberattack-strikes-companies-across-the-globe-and-80-of-all-infections-were-in-ukraine.md) _Context: cyberattack_
4. [2017 Westminster cyberattack: Police in the United Kingdom are investigating a cyberattack on the Houses of Parliament after an attempt was made to gain unauthorised access to politicians' email accounts. ](/news/2017/06/24/2017-westminster-cyberattack-police-in-the-united-kingdom-are-investigating-a-cyberattack-on-the-houses-of-parliament-after-an-attempt-was.md) _Context: cyberattack_
5. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and.md) _Context: cyberattack_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [Accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union: The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/accession-of-bosnia-and-herzegovina-to-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-me.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission_
