### [2011-03-24](/news/2011/03/24/index.md)

# The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. 

Israeli airstrikes hit smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in central Gaza; action follows rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon; no reports of injured in attack.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/israeli-airstrikes-hit-gaza-facilities-20110324-1c7j9.html)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=213546)

### Related:

1. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Beersheba, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian militants fire two Grad-model Katyusha rockets at Beersheba, Israel; the Israeli Air Force responds with attacks on targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/24/palestinian-militants-fire-two-grad-model-katyusha-rockets-at-beersheba-israel-the-israeli-air-force-responds-with-attacks-on-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Beersheba, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force, Palestinian_
3. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on the Gaza Strip following a BM-21 Grad missile strike by the Aza Din al-Kassem Gazan militant group on the Israeli town of Ashkelon. A Hamas rocket maker is killed and 13 other people are injured. ](/news/2010/07/30/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-following-a-bm-21-grad-missile-strike-by-the-aza-din-al-kassem-gazan-mi.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
5. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
6. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
7. [The Israeli Air Force bombs the Gaza Strip after Hamas militants launch a missile attack on Israel. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-the-gaza-strip-after-hamas-militants-launch-a-missile-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
8. [Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire and halt their rocket fire at Israel if Israel stops attacking targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/26/hamas-states-that-it-will-agree-to-a-ceasefire-and-halt-their-rocket-fire-at-israel-if-israel-stops-attacking-targets-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
9. [Palestinians fire three rockets from Gaza, landing in Israel's Ashkelon region, shortly after IDF soldiers kill a 65 year old farmer for unknown reasons, and bomb two sites in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/01/10/palestinians-fire-three-rockets-from-gaza-landing-in-israel-s-ashkelon-region-shortly-after-idf-soldiers-kill-a-65-year-old-farmer-for-unk.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-p-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
