### [2012-11-22](/news/2012/11/22/index.md)

# Russia lifts a 16-year ban on the import of British beef and lamb. British farmers had been stopped from exporting to Russia following the 1996 BSE outbreak in the UK, despite the lifting of a worldwide ban in 2006. 

A 16-year-old Russian ban on importing British beef and lamb is to be lifted.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-20454206)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/europe/russia/9697289/Russia-lifts-16-year-ban-on-British-beef-and-lamb-imports.html)

### Related:

1. [ Following the detection of BSE in a Mabton, Washington cow, several countries (including Japan, Russia, Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong) announce a ban on the importation of U.S. beef. ](/news/2003/12/24/following-the-detection-of-bse-in-a-mabton-washington-cow-several-countries-including-japan-russia-singapore-taiwan-and-hong-kong-a.md) _Context: Russia, beef, mad cow disease_
2. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
3. [ British cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner announce " Breaktrough Starshot," a $100 million effort to plan a trip to the sun's closest stellar neighbor, Alpha Centauri, via developing nanotechnology that would put the craft within the star system roughly 20 years after leaving Earth. ](/news/2016/04/12/british-cosmologist-stephen-hawking-and-russian-venture-capitalist-and-physicist-yuri-milner-announce-breaktrough-starshot-a-100-milli.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
5. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
6. [The United States and United Kingdom discuss imposing additional sanctions on Russia over the breach of the ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/21/the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-discuss-imposing-additional-sanctions-on-russia-over-the-breach-of-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Graham Phillips, a British national and reporter for the Russian TV network RT, is detained in Mariupol by the SBU.  ](/news/2014/05/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pgraham-phillips-a-british-national-and-reporter-for-the-russian-tv-network-rt-is-detained-in-mariupol.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
8. [Russia, Great Britain and France become the top-3 countries in the medal table of the 2013 European Athletics Indoor Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden. ](/news/2013/03/3/russia-great-britain-and-france-become-the-top-3-countries-in-the-medal-table-of-the-2013-european-athletics-indoor-championships-in-gothen.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
9. [UK Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Owen Paterson holds a summit with British retailers and the Food Standards Agency to ask how "beef" products containing horse meat were sold in supermarkets. ](/news/2013/02/9/uk-secretary-of-state-for-environment-food-and-rural-affairs-owen-paterson-holds-a-summit-with-british-retailers-and-the-food-standards-age.md) _Context: United Kingdom, beef_
10. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
