### [2012-11-22](/news/2012/11/22/index.md)

# Sandy Island, a South Pacific island, shown on marine charts and world maps as well as on Google Earth, does not exist, Australian scientists say. 

A South Pacific island shown on marine charts and world maps as well as on Google Maps and on Google Earth, is proven not to exist, Australian scientists say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20442487)

### Related:

1. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Australian_
2. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Australian_
3. [A 35-year-old Australian man tries to headbutt a pilot over the Atlantic Ocean, causing the diversion of a British Airways transatlantic flight from New York's JFK airport to London City Airport. ](/news/2012/12/19/a-35-year-old-australian-man-tries-to-headbutt-a-pilot-over-the-atlantic-ocean-causing-the-diversion-of-a-british-airways-transatlantic-fli.md) _Context: Australian_
4. [The Pacific Island nations of Samoa and Tokelau move from east to west of the International Date Line in order to align their time zone better with their main trading partners, meaning that they will not mark December 30 this year. ](/news/2011/12/29/the-pacific-island-nations-of-samoa-and-tokelau-move-from-east-to-west-of-the-international-date-line-in-order-to-align-their-time-zone-bett.md) _Context: Pacific island_
5. [Newly released cables from Australian intelligence show the intelligence assessment that charges of sodomy laid against Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim are due to a "set up job" that he "walked into". Others refer to Malaysia as a "confused and dangerous" state, Thai politicians as corrupt and Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as "very erratic and easily subject to influence", and Japan as a "big fat loser". ](/news/2010/12/12/newly-released-cables-from-australian-intelligence-show-the-intelligence-assessment-that-charges-of-sodomy-laid-against-malaysian-opposition.md) _Context: Australian_
6. [At the 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Google unveils an initiative using Google Earth allowing users to view the effects of deforestation, impacts and videos on global warming and climate change. ](/news/2010/12/1/at-the-2010-united-nations-climate-change-conference-google-unveils-an-initiative-using-google-earth-allowing-users-to-view-the-effects-of.md) _Context: Google Earth_
7. [Australian police bust a $A18 million cannabis crop. The cannabis crop has been found growing on leased land in a national park in northern New South Wales. ](/news/2010/01/16/australian-police-bust-a-a18-million-cannabis-crop-the-cannabis-crop-has-been-found-growing-on-leased-land-in-a-national-park-in-northern.md) _Context: Australian_
8. [ The Australian Government files appeal against court decision to set aside Indian doctor Mohamed Haneef visa cancellation. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-australian-government-files-appeal-against-court-decision-to-set-aside-indian-doctor-mohamed-haneef-visa-cancellation.md) _Context: Australian_
9. [ The military commission process begins for detainees accused by the United States of war crimes, with the first person to face trial being Australian David Hicks. Hicks pleads guilty to providing material support for terrorists.](/news/2007/03/26/the-military-commission-process-begins-for-detainees-accused-by-the-united-states-of-war-crimes-with-the-first-person-to-face-trial-being.md) _Context: Australian_
10. [ The Nintendo Wii breaks record sales in Australia and is the fastest selling gaming console in Australian history. ](/news/2006/12/14/the-nintendo-wii-breaks-record-sales-in-australia-and-is-the-fastest-selling-gaming-console-in-australian-history.md) _Context: Australian_
