### [2012-11-22](/news/2012/11/22/index.md)

# The BBC appoints Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, as the new Director-General of the corporation after the resignation of George Entwistle earlier this month due to the Newsnight controversy. He is expected to start in the role in early March 2013. 

The BBC has appointed Tony Hall - Lord Hall of Birkenhead - as the new Director General of the corporation. 


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/bbc-confirms-tony-hall-to-be-appointed-new-directorgeneral-8343625.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2012/03/11/22/Pg-20-seat-ireland.jpg)

### Related:

1. [George Entwistle steps down as Director-General of the BBC following the "Newsnight" child abuse broadcast row. ](/news/2012/11/10/george-entwistle-steps-down-as-director-general-of-the-bbc-following-the-newsnight-child-abuse-broadcast-row.md) _Context: Director-General, George Entwistle, Newsnight_
2. [Helen Boaden, the BBC's Director of News, and her deputy Steve Mitchell relinquish their roles in the wake of the "Newsnight" scandal. ](/news/2012/11/12/helen-boaden-the-bbc-s-director-of-news-and-her-deputy-steve-mitchell-relinquish-their-roles-in-the-wake-of-the-newsnight-scandal.md) _Context: BBC, Newsnight_
3. [BBC Director-General George Entwistle appears before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee to answer questions about the Corporation's handling of allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile. ](/news/2012/10/23/bbc-director-general-george-entwistle-appears-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-to-answer-questions-about-the-c.md) _Context: Director-General, George Entwistle_
4. [The BBC appoints the heads of two separate inquiries into the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed Jimmy Savile. Former High Court judge Dame Janet Smith will review the culture and practices of the BBC during the time Savile worked there, while Nick Pollard, a former Sky News executive will look at why a "Newsnight" investigation into Savile's activities was dropped shortly before transmission. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-bbc-appoints-the-heads-of-two-separate-inquiries-into-the-sexual-abuse-scandal-that-has-engulfed-jimmy-savile-former-high-court-judge-d.md) _Context: BBC, Newsnight_
5. [British broadcaster George Entwistle is named as the next Director-General of the BBC, beginning in autumn 2012. ](/news/2012/07/4/british-broadcaster-george-entwistle-is-named-as-the-next-director-general-of-the-bbc-beginning-in-autumn-2012.md) _Context: Director-General, George Entwistle_
6. [ In an appearance before the House of Lords Communications Select Committee, BBC Director-General Mark Thompson denies that the appearance of British National Party leader Nick Griffin on "Question Time" was a bid for ratings. ](/news/2009/10/28/in-an-appearance-before-the-house-of-lords-communications-select-committee-bbc-director-general-mark-thompson-denies-that-the-appearance-o.md) _Context: BBC, Director-General_
7. [ Mark Thompson, Chief Executive of Channel 4, is appointed as the new Director-General of the BBC. ](/news/2004/05/21/mark-thompson-chief-executive-of-channel-4-is-appointed-as-the-new-director-general-of-the-bbc.md) _Context: BBC, Director-General_
8. [ Hutton Inquiry: Reporter Andrew Gilligan resigns from the BBC in the continuing fallout of the publication of Lord Hutton's report into the circumstances of the death of Dr David Kelly. This follows the earlier resignation of the Director-General Greg Dyke and chairman of the Board of Governors Gavyn Davies.](/news/2004/01/30/hutton-inquiry-reporter-andrew-gilligan-resigns-from-the-bbc-in-the-continuing-fallout-of-the-publication-of-lord-hutton-s-report-into-the.md) _Context: BBC, Director-General_
9. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: BBC_
