### [2012-11-22](/news/2012/11/22/index.md)

# The United Kingdom's Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling tells the House of Commons that a European Court of Human Rights ruling on prisoner votes can be defied. 

The government unveils plans which could allow some prisoners to vote - but tells MPs they can vote to defy a European ruling and keep the current ban.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20431995)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/64294000/jpg/_64294765_64294764.jpg)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
2. [Elizabeth Truss is named Secretary of State for Justice and first ever female Lord Chancellor of the United Kingdom as former chancellor Michael Gove is ousted from the cabinet. ](/news/2016/07/14/elizabeth-truss-is-named-secretary-of-state-for-justice-and-first-ever-female-lord-chancellor-of-the-united-kingdom-as-former-chancellor-mic.md) _Context: Lord Chancellor, United Kingdom_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
4. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
5. [The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-government-legislation-to-introduce-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
6. [Abu Qatada, accused of being one of the United Kingdom's most dangerous preachers of Islamic extremism, is released from prison following a ruling from the European Court of Human Rights last week. ](/news/2012/02/13/abu-qatada-accused-of-being-one-of-the-united-kingdom-s-most-dangerous-preachers-of-islamic-extremism-is-released-from-prison-following-a.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, United Kingdom_
7. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
8. [Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a referendum on whether to use the alternative vote electoral system for the House of Commons. ](/news/2011/05/5/voters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-use-the-alternative-vote-electoral-system-for-the-house-of-commo.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
9. [The House of Commons votes in favour of the United Kingdom's involvement in military action in Libya. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-house-of-commons-votes-in-favour-of-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-military-action-in-libya.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
10. [ United Kingdom House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin announces that he will resign on June 21. ](/news/2009/05/19/united-kingdom-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-announces-that-he-will-resign-on-june-21.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
