### [2015-09-24](/news/2015/09/24/index.md)

# Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/agencies-major-ngos-ordered-ukraines-luhansk-34020465)

### Related:

1. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk, Minsk Protocol, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
2. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announces the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) are to form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko denounces the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announces-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-are-to-form-a-new-state.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk People's Republic, Ukraine_
3. [The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says-it-s-extending.md) _Context: Minsk Protocol, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
4. [OSCE observers who are monitoring a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebels, reported the presence of a new Russian weapons system in rebel-held territory this week, the 'TOS-1 Buratino' is a thermobaric multiple rocket launcher system which can destroy several city blocks in one strike and cause indiscriminate damage. Only Russia produces the system and it was not exported to Ukraine before the conflict broke out. ](/news/2015/10/2/osce-observers-who-are-monitoring-a-ceasefire-in-eastern-ukraine-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-rebels-reported-the-presenc.md) _Context: Minsk Protocol, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
5. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
6. [  A rally of war veterans in Kiev calls for Ukraine to abandon the Minsk II ceasefire agreement and to declare war on pro-Russian separatists in the Donbass region. Despite two ceasefire agreements since September, combat operations, including the use of heavy artillery and ballistic missiles, never stopped. ](/news/2015/07/4/a-rally-of-war-veterans-in-kiev-calls-for-ukraine-to-abandon-the-minsk-ii-ceasefire-agreement-and-to-declare-war-on-pro-russian-separatist.md) _Context: Minsk II, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
7. [A rocket attack by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine kills 10 civilians and injures 12 others in the village of Nyzhnya Krynka near Donetsk. ](/news/2014/09/17/a-rocket-attack-by-pro-russian-separatists-in-eastern-ukraine-kills-10-civilians-and-injures-12-others-in-the-village-of-nyzhnya-krynka-near.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
8. [War in Donbass:Heavy shelling on the city of Donetsk, Ukraine, leaves 6 people dead and 15 wounded. ](/news/2014/09/15/war-in-donbass-pheavy-shelling-on-the-city-of-donetsk-ukraine-leaves-6-people-dead-and-15-wounded.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: Donetsk, Luhansk, War in Donbass_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pthe-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled-b.md) _Context: Donetsk, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
