### [2015-09-24](/news/2015/09/24/index.md)

# Pope Francis becomes the first Pope ever to address a Joint Session of the United States Congress. Afterwards, he greets onlookers at the National Mall. He addresses many issues: abortion and the sanctity of life, the importance of the family and of marriage, climate change, immigration and the refugee crises caused by global unrest, proper business conduct, and worldwide abolition of capital punishment. 

A woman who saw the pope at St. Patrick in the City said: &ldquo;We are in heaven, with this missionary from God.&rdquo;


### Source:

1. [AP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/video/live-video-coverage-from-the-associated-press/ar-BBisrVh?ocid=iehp)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/pope-francis-to-address-divided-congress-in-washington-on-thursday/2015/09/23/971b0a9e-6260-11e5-b38e-06883aacba64_story.html)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/09/24/politics/pope-francis-washington-congress-updates/index.html)
4. [Time](http://time.com/4048075/pope-francis-us-visit-speech-congress/?xid=homepage)
5. [Vatican](http://w2.vatican.va/content/francesco/en/speeches/2015/september/documents/papa-francesco_20150924_usa-us-congress.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis calls for a worldwide ban on the death penalty and urges Christian leaders to work to stop executions as part of the church's Holy Year of Mercy. ](/news/2016/02/21/pope-francis-calls-for-a-worldwide-ban-on-the-death-penalty-and-urges-christian-leaders-to-work-to-stop-executions-as-part-of-the-church-s-h.md) _Context: Pope Francis, death penalty_
2. [Pope Francis departs from Rome to begin his Apostolic Visit to Cuba. Francis will then visit the US. In the US, he will address a joint session of Congress (the first by an incumbent Pope), meet with President Obama, canonize Junipero Serra, tour a prison and the World Trade Center site, hold Masses in New York, Washington, and Philadelphia, and preside over the World Meeting of Families in Philadelphia. ](/news/2015/09/19/pope-francis-departs-from-rome-to-begin-his-apostolic-visit-to-cuba-francis-will-then-visit-the-us-in-the-us-he-will-address-a-joint-sess.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope Francis' visit to the United States_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
4. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
5. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
6. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis takes ''de facto'' control of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (the entity retains sovereignty under international law), forcing its leader Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing to resign. ](/news/2017/01/28/pope-francis-takes-de-facto-control-of-the-sovereign-military-order-of-malta-the-entity-retains-sovereignty-under-international-law-f.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [The Vatican City State announces that Pope Francis will name a Pontifical Delegate to head the Sovereign Military Order of Malta after Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing's unexpected forced resignation in a spat over condoms. ](/news/2017/01/25/the-vatican-city-state-announces-that-pope-francis-will-name-a-pontifical-delegate-to-head-the-sovereign-military-order-of-malta-after-princ.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congress_
