### [2015-09-24](/news/2015/09/24/index.md)

# The coup is reversed. Interim President Michel Kafando and interim Prime Minister Yacouba Isaac Zida are reinstalled, and government soldiers are returned to their stations. Coup leader Gen. Gilbert Diendere apologizes for the coup and the week-long unrest that killed at least 10 people. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) suggests that elections, originally scheduled for Oct. 11, be held Nov. 22, and that candidate eligibility rules be more inclusive. 

The president of Burkina Faso was back in charge on Wednesday and said he would resume overseeing a transition to democracy, ending a coup by presidential guard soldiers who took him hostage last week.


### Source:

1. [Big News Network](http://www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/237041027/coup-reversal-restores-calm-in-burkina-faso)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/24/us-burkina-army-president-idUSKCN0RN0U120150924)
3. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/soldiers-leave-capital-burkina-faso-returns-to-calm/2015/09/24/fff67d9c-631d-11e5-8475-781cc9851652_story.html)

### Related:

1. [After a tense standoff, Burkina Faso's military crushed  the elite presidential guard and seized the coup's abandoned headquarters. The former head of the guard, Gen. Gilbert Diendere, had called on his men to lay down their weapons to avoid a bloodbath. Diendere told Agence France-Presse (AFP) he feared "many deaths and injuries" in the operation. It is unclear whether there are casualties. ](/news/2015/09/29/after-a-tense-standoff-burkina-faso-s-military-crushed-the-elite-presidential-guard-and-seized-the-coup-s-abandoned-headquarters-the-form.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabé coup d'état, Gilbert Diendéré_
2. [Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-ministers-sparking-fear-of-a-coup.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabé coup d'état, ECOWAS_
3. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: coup_
4. [Lieutenant General Ousman Badjie, chief of the Gambian army, recognizes Adama Barrow as the new commander-and-chief of the armed forces and says that his troops will not fight ECOWAS soldiers. ](/news/2017/01/20/lieutenant-general-ousman-badjie-chief-of-the-gambian-army-recognizes-adama-barrow-as-the-new-commander-and-chief-of-the-armed-forces-and.md) _Context: ECOWAS_
5. [ General Akin Ozturk,  Turkish Air Force chief until August 2015, confesses  to planning last week's attempted coup d'etat, according to the state-run Anadolu News Agency. ](/news/2016/07/18/general-aka-n-azta1-4rk-turkish-air-force-chief-until-august-2015-confesses-to-planning-last-week-s-attempted-coup-d-a-c-tat-according-to.md) _Context: coup_
6. [Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule.  A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings.  Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis.   ](/news/2016/03/22/brazil-president-dilma-rousseff-says-she-will-not-resign-under-any-circumstances-because-she-hadn-t-committed-a-crime-and-equated-a-bid-to.md) _Context: coup_
7. [Niger's president Mahamadou Issoufou announces that an attempted coup, involving the use of aerial firepower to overthrow the government has been foiled and those behind it have been arrested. Among those taken into custody were the former military chief of staff, General Souleymane Salou, and Lt. Colonel Dan Haoua, head of the air force base in the capital Niamey. ](/news/2015/12/17/niger-s-president-mahamadou-issoufou-announces-that-an-attempted-coup-involving-the-use-of-aerial-firepower-to-overthrow-the-government-has.md) _Context: coup_
8. [Associated Press reports that coup leader General Gilbert Diendere has been formally charged. ](/news/2015/10/6/associated-press-reports-that-coup-leader-general-gilbert-dienda-c-ra-c-has-been-formally-charged.md) _Context: Gilbert Diendéré_
9. [The army of Burkina Faso arrives in Ouagadougou to seek the surrender of the Presidential Guard that staged the coup. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-army-of-burkina-faso-arrives-in-ouagadougou-to-seek-the-surrender-of-the-presidential-guard-that-staged-the-coup.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabé coup d'état_
10. [The coup leader General Gilbert Diendere says that he is ready to hand over power to transitional authorities as the army marches on the capital Ouagadougou. ](/news/2015/09/21/the-coup-leader-general-gilbert-dienda-c-ra-c-says-that-he-is-ready-to-hand-over-power-to-transitional-authorities-as-the-army-marches-on-the-c.md) _Context: Gilbert Diendéré_
