### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# A series of bombings in Baghdad and Karbala kill at least 33 people less than a week after similar attacks claimed the lives of 133 others. 

Two separate bomb attacks targeting Shia pilgrims in the Iraqi city of Karbala have killed 25 people and injured almost 70, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12264386)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/meast/01/24/iraq.violence/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi insurgency: A car bomb explodes in a bus station in the city of Karbala, killing or injuring at least 56 people and injuring at least 70. At least 10 people die after a suicide bomber explodes a bomb at the Jadiriyah bridge in Baghdad. ](/news/2007/04/14/iraqi-insurgency-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-bus-station-in-the-city-of-karbala-killing-or-injuring-at-least-56-people-and-injuring-at-least.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala_
2. [ A mass grave is discovered in the predominantly Shia city of Karbala south of Baghdad, Iraqi police said. ](/news/2005/12/27/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-in-the-predominantly-shia-city-of-karbala-south-of-baghdad-iraqi-police-said.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 26 Iraqi police die following two car bombs in the Baghdad. Elsewhere, 3 Shia pilgrims are shot dead by a passenger in a passing car traveling to Karbala, two Iraqi police members are killed near Kirkuk and three civil servants die following an attack on the Ministry of Industry in East Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/15/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-26-iraqi-police-die-following-two-car-bombs-in-the-baghdad-elsewhere-3-shia-pilgrims-are-shot-dead-by-a-passen.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala_
4. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala_
5. [ Multiple explosions hit Shiite shrines in Baghdad and Karbala on the Shia festival of Ashura. Over 180 people are reported killed. A three-day-long period of national mourning is announced. ](/news/2004/03/2/multiple-explosions-hit-shiite-shrines-in-baghdad-and-karbala-on-the-shia-festival-of-ashura-over-180-people-are-reported-killed-a-three.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Attacks consisting of six explosions, reportedly coordinated, occur (one in Kirkuk, five in Baghdad). The series of explosions in Baghdad, which may have come from mortar shells, is in an area that is home to several coalition headquarters buildings. The Kirkuk bomb blast northeast of Baghdad kills one Iraqi and wounds 15. The target of this explosion was the deputy governor of the northern Diyala province Aqil al-Hamid, who was in a convoy driving near the city of Baquba. He escapes uninjured. Also, another blast occurs near a holy Shiite Muslim shrine in the city of Karbala kills three people and injured 12.](/news/2003/11/3/occupation-of-iraq-attacks-consisting-of-six-explosions-reportedly-coordinated-occur-one-in-kirkuk-five-in-baghdad-the-series-of-exp.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala_
7. [  A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-people-and-injures-24-isil-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Baghdad_
8. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
9. [A car bomb in Baghdad's southwestern Hayy Al-A'amel neighborhood kills at least 23 people, and wounds 45 others. ](/news/2017/03/20/a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-s-southwestern-hayy-al-a-amel-neighborhood-kills-at-least-23-people-and-wounds-45-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
10. [The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent-bombings-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad_
