### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# At least 35 people are killed and 130 injured after a suicide bombing at Domodedovo International Airport in the Russian capital Moscow. 

Thirty-five people have been killed in an explosion at Moscow’s Domodedovo airport according to the airport spokesperson. Up to 180 are said to have been injured in what the Investigative Committee believes to be a terrorist attack.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE70N2TQ20110124)
2. [Russia Today](http://rt.com/news/deadly-blast-moscows-domodedovo/)

### Related:

1. [Investigators in Russia say they have discovered the identities of those responsible for the bombing at Domodedovo International Airport in Moscow. ](/news/2011/01/29/investigators-in-russia-say-they-have-discovered-the-identities-of-those-responsible-for-the-bombing-at-domodedovo-international-airport-in.md) _Context: Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow, Russia, bombing_
2. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev fires top airport security officials, two days after a suicide bombing at Moscow's Domodedovo International Airport killed 35 people and injured 130. ](/news/2011/01/26/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-fires-top-airport-security-officials-two-days-after-a-suicide-bombing-at-moscow-s-domodedovo-internationa.md) _Context: Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow, bombing_
3. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
4. [At least 11 people are killed and 69 are injured as a severe thunderstorm hits Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2017/05/29/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-69-are-injured-as-a-severe-thunderstorm-hits-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
5. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
6. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
7. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
8. ["The New York Times" reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that-t.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
9. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
10. [Finland-Russia relations: Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-russia-relations-finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnish.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
