### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# Egypt's general prosecutor bans media reporting of the investigation into a deadly New Year's Day church bombing, saying any revelations could hinder the work of investigators, a day after Egypt's government accused a Palestinian militant group, the Army of Islam, of carrying out the bombing with the help of a local accomplice. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE70N0L220110124)

### Related:

1. [Egyptian authorities blame the Gaza-based Army of Islam group for an attack on a Coptic Christian church in Alexandria on 1 January. ](/news/2011/01/23/egyptian-authorities-blame-the-gaza-based-army-of-islam-group-for-an-attack-on-a-coptic-christian-church-in-alexandria-on-1-january.md) _Context: Army of Islam, Egypt, New Year's Day church bombing_
2. [Egyptian police increases security around Coptic churches on the eve of Coptic Christmas, following a bombing in Alexandria on New Year's Day that killed 23 people and sparked protests and riots across the country. ](/news/2011/01/6/egyptian-police-increases-security-around-coptic-churches-on-the-eve-of-coptic-christmas-following-a-bombing-in-alexandria-on-new-year-s-da.md) _Context: Egypt, New Year's Day church bombing_
3. [Coptic Christians clash with police in Cairo and Alexandria, Egypt, as they demand more protection for Egypt's Christian minority following a New Year's Day bombing of a Coptic church that killed 21. ](/news/2011/01/3/coptic-christians-clash-with-police-in-cairo-and-alexandria-egypt-as-they-demand-more-protection-for-egypt-s-christian-minority-following.md) _Context: Egypt, New Year's Day church bombing_
4. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Army of Islam, Palestinian_
5. [An article in "Time" states Egypt helped Israel assassinate Palestinian Muhammad Jamal al-Namnam, a senior member of the al-Qaeda-affiliated Army of Islam organization. He was killed last week, after his car exploded in Gaza City. ](/news/2010/11/10/an-article-in-time-states-egypt-helped-israel-assassinate-palestinian-muhammad-jamal-al-namnam-a-senior-member-of-the-al-qaeda-affiliated.md) _Context: Army of Islam, Egypt_
6. [Alexandria train collision. Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Egypt_
