### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# Jared L. Loughner pleads not guilty to orchestrating the 2011 Tucson shooting and the attempted murder of United States Democratic Representative Gabrielle Giffords. 

Jared L. Loughner rejected charges that he tried to kill Representative Gabrielle Giffords and two aides.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=12752579)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/25/us/25loughner.html?partner=rss&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the 8th congressional district in the US state of Arizona go to the polls for a special election caused by the resignation of Gabrielle Giffords due to health reasons with Democrat Ron Barber duly elected. ](/news/2012/06/12/voters-in-the-8th-congressional-district-in-the-us-state-of-arizona-go-to-the-polls-for-a-special-election-caused-by-the-resignation-of-gabr.md) _Context: Democratic, Gabrielle Giffords_
2. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Gabrielle Giffords_
3. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Gabrielle Giffords_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama addresses the nation about the 2011 Tucson shooting following a visit to Representative Gabrielle Giffords in hospital. ](/news/2011/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-addresses-the-nation-about-the-2011-tucson-shooting-following-a-visit-to-representative-gabr.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Gabrielle Giffords_
5. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic_
6. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Democratic_
