### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. 

U.S. military officials tell NBC News that investigators have been unable to make any direct connection between a jailed army private suspected with leaking secret documents and Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. 


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/41241414/ns/us_news-wikileaks_in_security/)

### Related:

1. [Julian Assange's whistleblowing website Wikileaks announces that it will suspend the publication of classified files and will instead focus on fundraising, after a "financial blockade" by numerous American companies reportedly destroys 95% of the site's revenue. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/oct/24/wikileaks-suspends-publishing?newsfeed=true "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2011/10/24/julian-assange-s-whistleblowing-website-wikileaks-announces-that-it-will-suspend-the-publication-of-classified-files-and-will-instead-focus.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks, whistleblower_
2. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks, whistleblower_
3. [United States govt. attempts to access private information:. It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/united-states-govt-attempts-to-access-private-information-it-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-infor.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
4. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority". Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
5. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority. Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-li.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [In "United States v. Bradley Manning", Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges. ](/news/2013/07/30/in-united-states-v-bradley-manning-bradley-manning-is-acquitted-of-aiding-the-enemy-for-giving-classified-united-states-army-information.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
10. ["United States v. Bradley Manning":. The judge disallows discussion of Bradley Manning's motives for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks at this time. ](/news/2013/06/5/united-states-v-bradley-manning-the-judge-disallows-discussion-of-bradley-manning-s-motives-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileak.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
