### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# South Korean media report that two North Koreans have been executed in front of 500 spectators for handling propaganda leaflets floated across the border from South Korea, apparently as part of a campaign by North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il to tighten ideological control as he grooms his youngest son as eventual successor. 




### Source:

1. [RFA](http://www.rfa.org/english/news/korea/executions-01242011112449.html)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea - South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea - South Korea relations, South Korea_
2. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-a.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un orders the Korean People's Army to be on a war footing following the exchange of artillery fire with South Korea yesterday. ](/news/2015/08/21/supreme-leader-of-north-korea-kim-jong-un-orders-the-korean-people-s-army-to-be-on-a-war-footing-following-the-exchange-of-artillery-fire-wi.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, leads thousands of officials in a memorial service for his father Kim Jong-il, the former leader, who died on 17 December 2011. ](/news/2012/12/16/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-leads-thousands-of-officials-in-a-memorial-service-for-his-father-kim-jong-il-the-former-leader-wh.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
9. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is given two posts in the Workers' Party of Korea previously held by his father Kim Jong-Il, including chairman of the party's Central Military Commission and a standing member of the Politburo. ](/news/2012/04/12/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-is-given-two-posts-in-the-workers-party-of-korea-previously-held-by-his-father-kim-jong-il-including-chair.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
