### [2011-01-24](/news/2011/01/24/index.md)

# The U.S. International Trade Commission rules against Kodak's contention that Apple's iPhone and Research in Motion's BlackBerry violate Kodak's intellectual property rights. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-01-24/kodak-s-push-for-royalties-from-apple-rim-is-derailed-by-itc.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. International Trade Commission has agreed to hear an appeal from Kodak to an initial unfavorable decision by an administrative judge on Kodak's claim that Research in Motion and Apple have infringed its patents, in connection with wireless devices equipped with digital cameras. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-u-s-international-trade-commission-has-agreed-to-hear-an-appeal-from-kodak-to-an-initial-unfavorable-decision-by-an-administrative-judg.md) _Context: International Trade Commission, Kodak, Research in Motion_
2. [The U.S. International Trade Commission sides with Apple against a claim by Google that Apple's popular iPhones violate a Google patent. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-u-s-international-trade-commission-sides-with-apple-against-a-claim-by-google-that-apple-s-popular-iphones-violate-a-google-patent.md) _Context: International Trade Commission, iPhone_
3. [The stock price of Research in Motion, the maker of BlackBerry smart phones, falls after the release of disappointing quarterly numbers and news of the delay of expected product upgrades. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-stock-price-of-research-in-motion-the-maker-of-blackberry-smart-phones-falls-after-the-release-of-disappointing-quarterly-numbers-and.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
4. [Jaguar Financial Corp. claims that it has the support of 8% of the shareholders of Research in Motion in its campaign for corporate-governance changes at the Canada-based manufacturer of the BlackBerry. ](/news/2011/10/11/jaguar-financial-corp-claims-that-it-has-the-support-of-8-of-the-shareholders-of-research-in-motion-in-its-campaign-for-corporate-governan.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
5. [The marketing chief at Research in Motion, the Canadian company best known for the BlackBerry smart phone, is leaving. This surprise announcement concerning Keith Pardy may have an impact on the launch of a new product, the PlayBook tablet. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-marketing-chief-at-research-in-motion-the-canadian-company-best-known-for-the-blackberry-smart-phone-is-leaving-this-surprise-announc.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
6. [Saudi Arabia delays shutting off Research in Motion's BlackBerry instant messaging system allowing for test of a system allowing the Government of Saudi Arabia to monitor user data. ](/news/2010/08/8/saudi-arabia-delays-shutting-off-research-in-motion-s-blackberry-instant-messaging-system-allowing-for-test-of-a-system-allowing-the-governm.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
7. [Saudi Arabia announces it is to commence a ban on the "messenger function" on BlackBerry handsets from Friday due to security concerns over the Research In Motion (RIM) technological device. ](/news/2010/08/3/saudi-arabia-announces-it-is-to-commence-a-ban-on-the-messenger-function-on-blackberry-handsets-from-friday-due-to-security-concerns-over.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
8. [ Research In Motion, a Waterloo, Ontario, Canadian based company, agrees to pay NTP Inc. $612.5 million to settle NTP's patent-infringement suit against RIM. NTP had argued RIM's BlackBerry wireless-communication devices use technology patented by NTP. ](/news/2006/03/3/research-in-motion-a-waterloo-ontario-canadian-based-company-agrees-to-pay-ntp-inc-612-5-million-to-settle-ntp-s-patent-infringement.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
9. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rejects an appeal from Research In Motion Ltd. which had asked it to reverse a lower-court ruling that found its BlackBerry wireless email device in violation of patents held by NTP, Inc., a Virginia patent-holding firm. The case now moves to a federal district court in Virginia, which will decide whether to reinstate an injunction against the U.S. sale of the popular BlackBerrys. ](/news/2006/01/23/the-u-s-supreme-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-research-in-motion-ltd-which-had-asked-it-to-reverse-a-lower-court-ruling-that-found-its-bla.md) _Context: BlackBerry, Research in Motion_
10. [Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-to-one-of-the-san-bernardino-shoo.md) _Context: iPhone_
