### [2011-04-3](/news/2011/04/3/index.md)

# Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. 

Russian President DmitryMedvedev ordered Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to &quot;initiate&quot; theremoval of his deputies and ministers from the board of statecompanies by July 1, the Kremlin said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-12949853)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20110402/163339220.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/04/02/russia-companies-idUSLDE73104L20110402)

### Related:

1. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister, Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ Russian voters go to the polls to decide the country's next president. Dmitry Medvedev of the United Russia wins the election and is expected to succeed Vladimir Putin as the President of Russia. ](/news/2008/03/2/russian-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-decide-the-country-s-next-president-dmitry-medvedev-of-the-united-russia-wins-the-election-and-is-expect.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ President of Russia Vladimir Putin agrees to become Prime Minister after his term as  president ends. ](/news/2007/12/17/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-agrees-to-become-prime-minister-after-his-term-as-president-ends.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
5. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces at a party meeting that he will support Dmitry Medvedev as his successor in the March 2008 presidential election. ](/news/2007/12/10/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-at-a-party-meeting-that-he-will-support-dmitry-medvedev-as-his-successor-in-the-march-2008-presi.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
