### [2013-01-25](/news/2013/01/25/index.md)

# Barry George loses his appeal for compensation after High Court of Justice judges decide that he is not a victim of miscarriage of justice. 

Barry George, who was wrongly convicted of the murder of BBC TV presenter Jill Dando, loses a High Court bid for compensation.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2013/jan/25/barry-george-jill-dando-compensation)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21195269)
3. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/eight-years-in-prison-but-barry-george-is-refused-compensation-8467485.html)

### Related:

1. [The High Court rules that Parliament must vote on whether the United Kingdom can start the process of leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. ](/news/2016/11/3/the-high-court-rules-that-parliament-must-vote-on-whether-the-united-kingdom-can-start-the-process-of-leaving-the-european-union-by-triggeri.md) _Context: High Court_
2. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: High Court_
3. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: High Court_
4. [Russia-Ukraine relations Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due  December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt.  ](/news/2016/02/17/russiaaukraine-relations-prussia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due.md) _Context: High Court_
5. [British Brian Shivers is acquitted of any involvement in the 2009 Massereene Barracks shooting. Mr. Shivers, who has cystic fibrosis, has his life sentence overturned, having been jailed since January 2012 in what his solicitor describes as a miscarriage of justice. ](/news/2013/05/3/british-brian-shivers-is-acquitted-of-any-involvement-in-the-2009-massereene-barracks-shooting-mr-shivers-who-has-cystic-fibrosis-has-hi.md) _Context: miscarriage of justice_
6. [The British High Court rules that Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four other suspected terrorists can be immediately extradited to the United States to face trial on charges of terrorism. ](/news/2012/10/5/the-british-high-court-rules-that-islamist-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-and-four-other-suspected-terrorists-can-be-immediately-extradited-to-th.md) _Context: High Court_
7. [After a five-day trial in the High Court, 27-year-old assistant tutor Luke Cooper, who is completing a PhD in international relations at the University of Sussex, is awarded 35,000 over a front page ''Evening Standard'' article and 25,000 over a follow-up piece in the ''Daily Mail''. These articles threatened his future academic prospects during the November 2010 march against government cuts. ](/news/2012/06/23/after-a-five-day-trial-in-the-high-court-27-year-old-assistant-tutor-luke-cooper-who-is-completing-a-phd-in-international-relations-at-the.md) _Context: High Court_
8. [Australian WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange loses his appeal in England's High Court against extradition to Sweden to face questioning over sexual assault allegations. ](/news/2011/11/2/australian-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-loses-his-appeal-in-england-s-high-court-against-extradition-to-sweden-to-face-questioning-over.md) _Context: High Court_
9. [Julian Assange appears in London's High Court to begin his appeal against extradition to Sweden as his UK house arrest enters its 216th day. ](/news/2011/07/12/julian-assange-appears-in-london-s-high-court-to-begin-his-appeal-against-extradition-to-sweden-as-his-uk-house-arrest-enters-its-216th-day.md) _Context: High Court_
10. [The case of a group of elderly Kenyans - 3 men and 1 woman in their 70s and 80s - reaches London's High Court, with the group seeking compensation and apology for their torture by British officers during the 1950s Mau Mau Uprising, including castration, sexual abuse, forced labour and beatings. ](/news/2011/04/7/the-case-of-a-group-of-elderly-kenyans-3-men-and-1-woman-in-their-70s-and-80s-reaches-london-s-high-court-with-the-group-seeking-compen.md) _Context: High Court_
