### [2013-01-25](/news/2013/01/25/index.md)

# Chelsea and Belgian international midfielder Eden Hazard is charged with violent conduct after his controversial assault of a ball boy on the sideline during the 2012-13 Football League Cup semifinal match in Wales this week. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2013/jan/25/eden-hazard-violent-conduct-fa-ball-boy)

### Related:

1. [French football is reported to be stunned at yesterday evening's red card for Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard, who violently kicked a ball boy in the midriff during the 2012-13 Football League Cup game in Wales. The Belgian midfielder, who previously played in Ligue 1, was thought to have had an exemplary disciplinary record before the assault. ](/news/2013/01/24/french-football-is-reported-to-be-stunned-at-yesterday-evening-s-red-card-for-chelsea-midfielder-eden-hazard-who-violently-kicked-a-ball-bo.md) _Context: 2013, Belgian international, Chelsea F.C., Eden Hazard, Wales, ball boy_
2. [European champions Chelsea are defeated by Swansea City after a 0-0 draw in the second semifinal match; the game is marred by an incident involving Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard, who is sent off after violently kicking a ball boy in the midriff during the game. ](/news/2013/01/23/european-champions-chelsea-are-defeated-by-swansea-city-after-a-0a0-draw-in-the-second-semifinal-match-the-game-is-marred-by-an-incident.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., Eden Hazard, ball boy_
3. [Bradford City are scheduled to play Swansea City in the 2012-13 Football League Cup Final after their respective defeats of Aston Villa and Chelsea in the semifinals. ](/news/2013/01/23/bradford-city-are-scheduled-to-play-swansea-city-in-the-2012a13-football-league-cup-final-after-their-respective-defeats-of-aston-villa-an.md) _Context: 2013, Chelsea F.C._
4. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Wales_
5. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: Wales_
6. [A retrial court finds Welsh footballer Ched Evans not guilty. He had previously been sentenced to five years imprisonment for rape in 2012. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-retrial-court-finds-welsh-footballer-ched-evans-not-guilty-he-had-previously-been-sentenced-to-five-years-imprisonment-for-rape-in-2012.md) _Context: Wales_
7. [ A bus from Wales carrying 50 people, including 41 teenagers, tips over in eastern France, injuring 13, two seriously. ](/news/2016/07/23/a-bus-from-wales-carrying-50-people-including-41-teenagers-tips-over-in-eastern-france-injuring-13-two-seriously.md) _Context: Wales_
8. [Following a 2-2 draw between Chelsea F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. at Stamford Bridge, Leicester City F.C. are confirmed as champions of the Premier League for the first time in their history. Leicester City were 5000-1 outsiders at the beginning of the season. ](/news/2016/05/2/following-a-2-2-draw-between-chelsea-f-c-and-tottenham-hotspur-f-c-at-stamford-bridge-leicester-city-f-c-are-confirmed-as-champions-of-t.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C._
9. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: Wales_
10. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: Wales_
