### [2013-01-25](/news/2013/01/25/index.md)

# John Kiriakou, the former CIA agent, who publicly discussed the U.S. government agency's use of waterboarding interrogation techniques, is sentenced to 30 months in prison. An argument that he was a whistleblower was dismissed and he was instead convicted of violating an intelligence law, the first person to be successfully targeted under the statute in 27 years. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-21203233)

### Related:

1. [Internal e-mails reveal Porter Goss, a former head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), agreed with a decision to destroy hundreds of tapes purportedly showing agents waterboarding two al-Qaeda suspects being held in Thailand in 2002 over fears that public release of the tapes would be "devastating". ](/news/2010/04/17/internal-e-mails-reveal-porter-goss-a-former-head-of-the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia-agreed-with-a-decision-to-destroy-hundreds.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, waterboarding_
2. [ The United States Senate passes legislation to ban the Central Intelligence Agency from using certain interrogation methods including waterboarding. ](/news/2008/02/13/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-ban-the-central-intelligence-agency-from-using-certain-interrogation-methods-including-water.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, waterboarding_
3. [An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-selling-classified-information-to-chinese-oper.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
4. [Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/former-united-states-officials-report-that-18a20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-imprisoned-by-the-government-of-china.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
5. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
6. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
7. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
8. [CIA Director John Brennan,  in an exclusive interview to air on NBC News tonight, says the United States intelligence agency will not use harsh, enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, even if ordered  by a future president. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have discussed  using waterboarding if elected. ](/news/2016/04/11/cia-director-john-brennan-in-an-exclusive-interview-to-air-on-nbc-news-tonight-says-the-united-states-intelligence-agency-will-not-use-ha.md) _Context: waterboarding_
9. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
