
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.json)  [XML](/news/2004/09/9/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-ivan-strengthens-to-the-first-category-5-hurricane-of-the-season-with-sustained-wind-speeds-of-1.xml)  

### [2004-09-9](/news/2004/09/9/index.md)

##### 2004 Atlantic hurricane season
#  2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Ivan strengthens to the first Category 5 hurricane of the season, with sustained wind speeds of 160&nbsp;mi-h (260 km-h). It is currently forecast to strike Jamaica, Cuba and possibly Florida. The storm has the potential to cause catastrophic damage. 




### Sources:

1. [NOAA/NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/090543.shtml?)

### Related:

1. [ 2004 Atlantic hurricane season: Twenty-five foot waves and high winds from Hurricane Ivan hit the southern coast of Jamaica early Saturday morning, destroying homes and causing five deaths. There are also reports of looters roaming the streets of Jamaica's capital city, Kingston, some of whom are reportedly robbing emergency workers at gunpoint. As of 17:00 local time (21:00 UTC), Ivan has regained Category Five strength, and is now located about 234 km (134 miles) west of Jamaica and is headed toward the Cayman Islands and western Cuba. Hurricane warnings have been issued for the Cayman Islands, western Cuba, and the Florida Keys. The death toll from Ivan now stands at 50. ](/news/2004/09/11/2004-atlantic-hurricane-season-twenty-five-foot-waves-and-high-winds-from-hurricane-ivan-hit-the-southern-coast-of-jamaica-early-saturday.md) _Context: 2004 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba, Hurricane Ivan, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
2. [ Hurricane Ivan, still at Category Five strength, continues to travel northward, causing damage throughout the western Caribbean. As of 23:00 local time (0300 UTC September 13), it is located about 285 km (175 miles) southeast of the western tip of Cuba, and it is predicted that the eye of Ivan will pass over that part of the island Monday afternoon or evening. [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581889&section=news (Reuters)] [http:--www.nhc.noaa.gov-archive-2004-mar-al092004.fstadv.043.shtml? (NOAA-NHC)] The Cuban government evacuates between 800,000 and 1.3 million people from coastal cities and developed areas. Cubans have begun calling the hurricane "Ivan the Terrible". [http:--www.reuters.co.uk-newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=581889&section=news (Reuters)] [https:--www.nytimes.com-2004-09-13-national-13storm.html (New York Times)] [http:--www.nhc.noaa.gov-archive-2004-mar-al092004.fstadv.043.shtml? (NOAA-NHC)] A storm surge from Hurricane Ivan travels at least 1 km (0.6 mile) inland on Grand Cayman, the largest of the three islands of the Cayman Islands, forcing residents to seek shelter on their house roofs.](/news/2004/09/13/hurricane-ivan-still-at-category-five-strength-continues-to-travel-northward-causing-damage-throughout-the-western-caribbean-as-of-23-0.md) _Context: Cuba, Hurricane Ivan, Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale_
3. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km-h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Cuba, Jamaica_
4. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Cuba, Jamaica_
5. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Cuba, the state_
