### [2004-09-9](/news/2004/09/9/index.md)

#  A car bomb explodes outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, killing 9 people (according to the BBC) and wounding 180. Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terrorist group connected with Al Qaeda, is believed responsible. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3643264.stm)
2. [News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,10714565%255E2,00.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6191406)
3. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ An Indonesian court sentences Amrozi bin Nurhasyim to death for his role in the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing. The court found Amrozi guilty of planning and carrying out the attack. The verdict comes two days after another attack outside Marriott Hotel in Jakarta. Jemaah Islamiyah is linked with both of the attacks.](/news/2003/08/7/an-indonesian-court-sentences-amrozi-bin-nurhasyim-to-death-for-his-role-in-the-2002-bali-terrorist-bombing-the-court-found-amrozi-guilty.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Jemaah Islamiyah_
2. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Jemaah Islamiyah_
3. [ 2002 Bali bombings: A car-bomb on the Indonesian island of Bali explodes outside a nightclub killing at least 182 people, 75% of whom are said to have been foreign holidaymakers. Another 210 people are said to have been injured. The principal suspects for this terrorist incident are a group seeking to establish an Islamic state in Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, although it could equally be the work of al-Qaeda. Another bomb explodes at around the same time in the nearby town of Denpasar, Bali. It had been said to be an attack on Australian holidaymakers due to its role in the liberation of East Timor.](/news/2002/10/12/2002-bali-bombings-a-car-bomb-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-explodes-outside-a-nightclub-killing-at-least-182-people-75-of-whom-are-s.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, al-Qaeda_
4. [Flooding occurs across parts of Indonesia, including the capital Jakarta, due to torrential downpours over the last few days. Thousands of homes have been flooded and schools were forced to close. However, there are no reports of injuries yet. ](/news/2017/02/21/flooding-occurs-across-parts-of-indonesia-including-the-capital-jakarta-due-to-torrential-downpours-over-the-last-few-days-thousands-of-h.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
5. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the Christian Governor of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, will face prosecution for blasphemy. ](/news/2016/12/27/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-christian-governor-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-will-face-prosecution-for-blasphemy.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
6. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
7. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: Asia, Indonesia_
8. [One person has died and hundreds of people have been evacuated after heavy rain in the Indonesian capital Jakarta. ](/news/2016/02/29/one-person-has-died-and-hundreds-of-people-have-been-evacuated-after-heavy-rain-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
9. [Indonesia blocks access to radical Islamist websites and social media sites after the recent terror attacks in Jakarta. ](/news/2016/01/16/indonesia-blocks-access-to-radical-islamist-websites-and-social-media-sites-after-the-recent-terror-attacks-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
10. [Bomb blasts and gunfire are reported in the centre of the Indonesian capital Jakarta. At least seven deaths have been reported. ](/news/2016/01/14/bomb-blasts-and-gunfire-are-reported-in-the-centre-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-at-least-seven-deaths-have-been-reported.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
