### [2011-05-5](/news/2011/05/5/index.md)

# British elections: Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a referendum on whether to use the alternative vote electoral system for the House of Commons. 

The people of Wales are going to the polls to elect the next Welsh Assembly Government and vote in the AV referendum.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13284737)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-13284360)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2011/may/04/av-referendum-nick-clegg-defeat-predicted)

### Related:

1. [In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. ](/news/2011/04/24/in-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-energy-and-climate-change-chris-huhne-of-liberal-democrats-threatens-legal-action-over-untrut.md) _Context: Alternative Vote referendum, Britain, alternative voting_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
3. [Military intervention against ISIL: British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-h.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
4. [West Lothian question: The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
5. [The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. ](/news/2013/02/5/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-government-legislation-to-introduce-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
6. [The United Kingdom's Lord Chancellor Chris Grayling tells the House of Commons that a European Court of Human Rights ruling on prisoner votes can be defied. ](/news/2012/11/22/the-united-kingdom-s-lord-chancellor-chris-grayling-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-a-european-court-of-human-rights-ruling-on-prisoner-vote.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
7. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
8. [Voters reject proposals to introduce the alternative voting system in the UK. ](/news/2011/05/6/voters-reject-proposals-to-introduce-the-alternative-voting-system-in-the-uk.md) _Context: Alternative Vote referendum, alternative voting_
9. [The House of Commons votes in favour of the United Kingdom's involvement in military action in Libya. ](/news/2011/03/21/the-house-of-commons-votes-in-favour-of-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-military-action-in-libya.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
10. [United Kingdom - Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg announces that a referendum on introducing the alternative vote system for national elections will be held on 5 May 2011. ](/news/2010/07/5/united-kingdom-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-announces-that-a-referendum-on-introducing-the-alternative-vote-system-for-national-electi.md) _Context: Britain, alternative voting_
