### [2011-05-5](/news/2011/05/5/index.md)

# Members of the multi-state coalition conducting the military campaign in Libya hold talks in Rome, Italy, and agree to set up a new fund to aid Libyan rebels, with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton promising to use frozen assets of Muammar Gaddafi's regime. 

The Obama administration intends to use some of the billions of dollars in frozen assets belonging to Libyan leader Moammar Gaddafi and his government to provide humanitarian and other assistance to Libyans affected by the ongoing civil war.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2011/05/20115504324476248.html)
2. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/libyan-mortar-rounds-land-near-tunisia-border-town)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/breaking-news/us-to-tap-gaddafi-billions-to-aid-rebels/story-fn3dxity-1226050770901)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=219331)
5. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/rome-meeting-on-libya-to-discuss-how-to-improve-rebels-finances/2011/05/04/AF5njTsF_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war:The Tripoli compound of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi is targeted for more bombing raids in the third night of the international intervention in Libya. ](/news/2011/03/21/2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-tripoli-compound-of-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-is-targeted-for-more-bombing-raids-in-the-third-night-of-the-in.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, military campaign_
2. [ Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi arrives in Rome on his first visit to Italy, Libya's former colonial ruler and now its biggest trading partner, wearing a photograph of Omar Mukhtar. ](/news/2009/06/10/libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-arrives-in-rome-on-his-first-visit-to-italy-libya-s-former-colonial-ruler-and-now-its-biggest-trading-partne.md) _Context: Italian, Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, Rome_
3. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war:Autopsy results reveal that former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi was killed by a gunshot to the head. ](/news/2011/10/23/2011-libyan-civil-war-pautopsy-results-reveal-that-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-was-killed-by-a-gunshot-to-the-head.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
7. [2011 Libyan civil war:Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdeposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: forces loyal to deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi launch a counter-attack against opposition fighters in the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte.  ](/news/2011/09/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-launch-a-counter-attack-against-opposition-fighters-in-the-to.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafias-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
