### [2011-05-5](/news/2011/05/5/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama visits the World Trade Center site in New York City to commemorate the victims of the September 11 attacks following the death of Osama bin Laden. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/05/05/live-blog-obama-visits-new-york/?hp)

### Related:

1. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City, September 11 attacks_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama states that gay and lesbian couples "deserve the same legal rights as every other couple in this country" at a function for LGBT people in New York City. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-states-that-gay-and-lesbian-couples-deserve-the-same-legal-rights-as-every-other-couple-in.md) _Context: Barack Obama, New York City, President_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama thanks service personnel in the operation against Osama bin Laden at Fort Campbell and awards them a Presidential Unit Citation. ](/news/2011/05/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-thanks-service-personnel-in-the-operation-against-osama-bin-laden-at-fort-campbell-and-award.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, father's killing_
4. [Reactions to the death of Osama bin Laden:Thousands of people gather at Ground Zero of the September 11 attacks in New York to celebrate the news that Osama bin Laden has been killed. ](/news/2011/05/2/reactions-to-the-death-of-osama-bin-laden-pthousands-of-people-gather-at-ground-zero-of-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-to-celebrate-th.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City, September 11 attacks_
5. [Death of Osama bin Laden:President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, father's killing_
6. [US President Barack Obama signs the 9/11 health bill into law to cover  the cost of medical care for rescue workers and others sickened by toxic fumes and dust after the 2001 attack on the World Trade Center.  ](/news/2011/01/2/us-president-barack-obama-signs-the-9-11-health-bill-into-law-to-cover-the-cost-of-medical-care-for-rescue-workers-and-others-sickened-by-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President, September 11 attacks_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama:President of the United States Barack Obama states that America's "commitment to religious freedom must be unshakable" as he declares his support for plans to build a mosque in New York City. ](/news/2010/08/14/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-states-that-america-s-commitment-to-religious-free.md) _Context: Barack Obama, New York City, President_
8. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
