### [2011-05-5](/news/2011/05/5/index.md)

# Rising flood waters from the Mississippi River force evacuations around Memphis, Tennessee, as near-record flooding along the river occurs from Canada and the Dakotas down to the Gulf of Mexico. 

The rising Mississippi river lapped over downtown Memphis streets on Thursday as a massive wall of water threatened to unleash near record flooding all the way to the Gulf of Mexico.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/05/05/us-flooding-idUSTRE74462I20110505)

### Related:

1. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, vetoes a bill approving the TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline between Canadian oil sands and refineries on the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/02/24/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-vetoes-a-bill-approving-the-transcanada-keystone-xl-pipeline-between-canadian-oil-sands-an.md) _Context: Canada, Gulf of Mexico_
2. [The United States Coast Guard closes a section of the Mississippi River near Caruthersville, Missouri due to heavy flooding. ](/news/2011/05/6/the-united-states-coast-guard-closes-a-section-of-the-mississippi-river-near-caruthersville-missouri-due-to-heavy-flooding.md) _Context: Mississippi River, Spring 2011 Mississippi River Floods_
3. [Energy company BP announces it is to sell billions worth of assets in Canada, Egypt, Pakistan, United States and Vietnam to part-fund the clean-up cost of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/07/21/energy-company-bp-announces-it-is-to-sell-billions-worth-of-assets-in-canada-egypt-pakistan-united-states-and-vietnam-to-part-fund-the-cl.md) _Context: Canada, Gulf of Mexico_
4. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
5. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much as 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
7. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [Tennessee state senator and former Army flight surgeon Mark E. Green withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of political opposition. Green was the Trump Administration's second nominee for this position. ](/news/2017/05/5/tennessee-state-senator-and-former-army-flight-surgeon-mark-e-green-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-army-because.md) _Context: Tennessee_
