### [2011-05-5](/news/2011/05/5/index.md)

# The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court unanimously rules in favour of extending to same-sex couples the same rights of existing civil unions. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/brazils-top-court-approves-same-sex-civil-unions-sets-precedent-for-gay-rights/2011/05/05/AFXJzv1F_story.html)
2. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110505/ap_on_re_la_am_ca/lt_brazil_civil_unions)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-13304442)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
2. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
3. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
4. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-t.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
5. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
6. [Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's current president, Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. ](/news/2016/03/16/brazil-s-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-takes-cabinet-post-as-chief-of-staff-to-brazil-s-current-president-dilma-rousseff-thereby.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
7. [Brazil's Supreme Court issues a decision that bans corporate money in elections. This ruling comes as a major investigation is underway in the country on a campaign financing bribery and corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/09/17/brazil-s-supreme-court-issues-a-decision-that-bans-corporate-money-in-elections-this-ruling-comes-as-a-major-investigation-is-underway-in-t.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
8. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil strikes down a law allowing the subjects of biographies to quash works they disapprove of. ](/news/2015/06/10/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-strikes-down-a-law-allowing-the-subjects-of-biographies-to-quash-works-they-disapprove-of.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
9. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court issues a long-time awaited order to arrest for bribery 12 former top officials who had served under ex-president Lula, in one of the nation's biggest corruption cases. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-issues-a-long-time-awaited-order-to-arrest-for-bribery-12-former-top-officials-who-had-served-under-ex-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
10. [Extradition of Cesare Battisti:. Italian communist militant Cesare Battisti is freed from jail in Brazil after the Brazilian Constitutional Court rules against extraditing him to face charges in Italy. ](/news/2011/06/9/extradition-of-cesare-battisti-italian-communist-militant-cesare-battisti-is-freed-from-jail-in-brazil-after-the-brazilian-constitutional.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
