### [2016-10-12](/news/2016/10/12/index.md)

# Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. 

Turkey-Iraq relations became strained after Ankara sent troops late last year to the region of Bashiqa, northeast of Mosul, to train anti-IS fighters there — a move Baghdad has since labeled a &#034;blatant violation&#034; of its sovereignty.


### Source:

1. [The Military Times](http://www.militarytimes.com/articles/iraqi-pm-rejects-turkish-claim-to-take-part-in-mosul-campaign)

### Related:

1. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retake-isil-held-mosul.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
3. [ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike as a cover up. ](/news/2017/06/21/isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famously-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-cal.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
4. [Iraqi Interior Minister Mohammed Salem Al-Ghabban says he has submitted his resignation.  Al-Ghabban cited a lack of "coordination among security systems" demonstrated by Sunday's bombings in Baghdad that killed over 200 people and injured at least 175 others. No report yet that Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has accepted this resignation.  ](/news/2016/07/5/iraqi-interior-minister-mohammed-salem-al-ghabban-says-he-has-submitted-his-resignation-al-ghabban-cited-a-lack-of-coordination-among-sec.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
5. [Iraqi forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, advance north towards ISIL-held Qayyarah Airfield West south of Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/5/iraqi-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-advance-north-towards-isil-held-qayyarah-airfield-west-south-of-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
6. [The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head  reports  the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured-iraqi-prime-minister-hai.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
7. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
8. [   Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-military-operation-to-recapture-falluja-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syri.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraqi Civil War_
9. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's  anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
10. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Mosul, Turkey_
