### [2016-10-12](/news/2016/10/12/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi rejects Turkey's claim that Turkish forces must be included in an operation to retake the militant-held city of Mosul. 

Turkey-Iraq relations became strained after Ankara sent troops late last year to the region of Bashiqa, northeast of Mosul, to train anti-IS fighters there — a move Baghdad has since labeled a &#034;blatant violation&#034; of its sovereignty.


### Source:

1. [The Military Times](http://www.militarytimes.com/articles/iraqi-pm-rejects-turkish-claim-to-take-part-in-mosul-campaign)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister, Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
3. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Mosul_
4. [Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-o.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Mosul_
5. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
6. [July 2016 Baghdad bombings. Iraqi Interior Minister Mohammed Salem Al-Ghabban says he has submitted his resignation. Al-Ghabban cited a lack of "coordination among security systems" demonstrated by Sunday's bombings in Baghdad that killed over 200 people and injured at least 175 others. No report yet that Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has accepted this resignation. ](/news/2016/07/5/july-2016-baghdad-bombings-iraqi-interior-minister-mohammed-salem-al-ghabban-says-he-has-submitted-his-resignation-al-ghabban-cited-a-lack.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, advance north towards ISIL-held Qayyarah Airfield West south of Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/5/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-advance-north-towards-isil-held-qayyarah-airfield-west-south-of-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
8. [July 2016 Baghdad bombings. The Baghdad Provincial Council deputy head reports the death toll has passed 200, with at least 225 more injured. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, visiting the Kerrada site, is jeered by onlookers who blame his government for not stopping ISIL-related bloodshed. ](/news/2016/07/4/july-2016-baghdad-bombings-the-baghdad-provincial-council-deputy-head-reports-the-death-toll-has-passed-200-with-at-least-225-more-injured.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraq Prime Minister_
9. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Mosul_
10. [ Iraqi civil war. Operation Breaking Terrorism. Siege of Fallujah (2016). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-siege-of-fallujah-2016-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-mili.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Iraqi Civil War_
