### [2009-09-24](/news/2009/09/24/index.md)

#  A court in Taiwan rejects former President Chen Shui-bian's appeal to be released on bail. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hA1Z8MlHPhdXAe2_2z7zBBZhV99QD9ATNRQ80)
2. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/asia/155251/taiwan-court-rejects-ex-president-bail-bid-tv)

### Related:

1. [Taiwan's justice ministry releases former President Chen Shui-bian from jail on a one-month medical parole. ](/news/2015/01/5/taiwan-s-justice-ministry-releases-former-president-chen-shui-bian-from-jail-on-a-one-month-medical-parole.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-sout.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
3. [The Special Investigation Division of Taiwan initiates a review stemming from allegations that President Ma Ying-jeou has received illegal political donations from Ting Hsin International Group, a disgraced conglomerate at the center of the recent food scandal. ](/news/2014/12/26/the-special-investigation-division-of-taiwan-initiates-a-review-stemming-from-allegations-that-president-ma-ying-jeou-has-received-illegal-p.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
4. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)-Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China-change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
5. [ Wu Shu-chen, the wife of the President of the Republic of China, is indicted on corruption charges by Taiwan prosecutors. President Chen Shui-bian is not indicted due to presidential immunity, but prosecutors say he will be charged once he is no longer president. ](/news/2006/11/3/wu-shu-chen-the-wife-of-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-is-indicted-on-corruption-charges-by-taiwan-prosecutors-president-chen-sh.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
6. [ Hundreds of thousands of people made a protest against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan, surrounding Office of the President, where Chen took part in ceremony marking Double Tenth Day. ](/news/2006/10/10/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-made-a-protest-against-president-chen-shui-bian-in-taipei-taiwan-surrounding-office-of-the-president-whe.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
7. [ Tens of thousands of protesters begin their anticorruption protests, "Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go", against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2006/09/9/tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-begin-their-anticorruption-protests-million-voices-against-corruption-president-chen-must-go-against-p.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
8. [ Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian requests that the Chinese government meet directly with his government after China meets with Taiwan's opposition leader, Lien Chan. Taiwan and China are in conflict over Taiwan's increased calls for independence from the mainland. ](/news/2005/05/1/taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-requests-that-the-chinese-government-meet-directly-with-his-government-after-china-meets-with-taiwan-s-o.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
9. [ The President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) Chen Shui-bian will be accompanied by his foreign minister as well as Roman Catholic and Muslim religious figures for the trip to attend the funeral of Pope John Paul II. ](/news/2005/04/7/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-will-be-accompanied-by-his-foreign-minister-as-well-as-roman-catholic-and-mu.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
10. [ 3-19 shooting incident: Police in Taiwan says that they have identified the man who shot at president Chen Shui-bian last year. Wife of unemployed man "Chen Yi-hsiung" says he confessed and committed suicide a few days later ](/news/2005/03/7/3-19-shooting-incident-police-in-taiwan-says-that-they-have-identified-the-man-who-shot-at-president-chen-shui-bian-last-year-wife-of-une.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
