### [2009-09-24](/news/2009/09/24/index.md)

#  Sixteen members of al-Qaeda, five of whom have been sentenced to death, are at large after escaping from prison north of Baghdad. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8272744.stm)

### Related:

1. [Tariq al-Hashimi rejects the charges leading to his death sentence in Baghdad on Sunday. He, being a Sunni, claims to be a "target" of Shiite prime minister Nouri al-Maliki. He refuses to return to Iraq for an appeal as long as, according to him, the judicial system is "corrupt". He claims to put the verdict "on his chest as a medal". Al-Qaeda says "black days" are ahead. The reaction of Iraqi people on the street generally welcomes a fair rule of law but is wary of political influencing and sectarianism. ](/news/2012/09/10/tariq-al-hashimi-rejects-the-charges-leading-to-his-death-sentence-in-baghdad-on-sunday-he-being-a-sunni-claims-to-be-a-target-of-shiit.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
2. [The SITE Institute, a terrorist-monitoring organisation, states that the al-Qaeda affiliated Islamic State of Iraq has claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on the offices of Al-Arabiya Television in Baghdad that killed four people and injured at least 10. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-site-institute-a-terrorist-monitoring-organisation-states-that-the-al-qaeda-affiliated-islamic-state-of-iraq-has-claimed-responsibilit.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
3. [ The United States military says that it accidentally killed nine Iraqi civilians in an operation targeting Al-Qaeda south of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/02/4/the-united-states-military-says-that-it-accidentally-killed-nine-iraqi-civilians-in-an-operation-targeting-al-qaeda-south-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
4. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". ](/news/2004/10/5/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-when-asked-about-connections-between-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-in-an-interview-with-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
5. [ The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an "al-Arabiya" journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. ](/news/2004/09/13/the-pre-election-offensive-against-the-iraqi-resistance-continues-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-with-air-strikes-killing-at-least-1.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
7. [ Tens of thousands of people turn out in Baghdad for the funeral procession of the murdered Shia Muslim leader Ayatollah Sayed Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim. The Iraqi police handling the investigation say they have arrested 19 men in connection with the blast, many of them foreigners and all with admitted links to al-Qaeda.](/news/2003/08/31/tens-of-thousands-of-people-turn-out-in-baghdad-for-the-funeral-procession-of-the-murdered-shia-muslim-leader-ayatollah-sayed-mohammed-baqi.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
8. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, al-Qaeda_
9. [  A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-people-and-injures-24-isil-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Baghdad_
10. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
