### [2009-09-24](/news/2009/09/24/index.md)

#  The ''News of the World'' and ''Daily Mail'' newspapers apologise to Fabio Capello, the manager of England's national football team, after printing pictures of him and his wife Laura resting in mud-baths on an Italian beach. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8272510.stm)

### Related:

1. [ ''The Guardian'' claims that rival English newspaper, the Rupert Murdoch-owned ''News of the World'' tabloid, paid PS1 million in court costs after its journalists were accused of involvement in phone tapping celebrities and politicians. ](/news/2009/07/8/the-guardian-claims-that-rival-english-newspaper-the-rupert-murdoch-owned-news-of-the-world-tabloid-paid-aps1-million-in-court-cos.md) _Context: England, News of the World_
2. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: England_
3. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: Italian_
4. [Italian police arrest 34 people of a drug gang who reportedly planned to steal Enzo Ferrari's corpse, and hold it for ransom. ](/news/2017/03/30/italian-police-arrest-34-people-of-a-drug-gang-who-reportedly-planned-to-steal-enzo-ferrari-s-corpse-and-hold-it-for-ransom.md) _Context: Italian_
5. [An eruption at Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily injures at least ten people, including several in a BBC News crew. ](/news/2017/03/16/an-eruption-at-mount-etna-on-the-italian-island-of-sicily-injures-at-least-ten-people-including-several-in-a-bbc-news-crew.md) _Context: Italian_
6. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Daily Mail_
7. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England_
8. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Italian_
9. [Dozens of people die in eastern Europe and Italy in recent days as a result of a cold snap with cancelled flights, frozen rivers, and traffic accidents. ](/news/2017/01/9/dozens-of-people-die-in-eastern-europe-and-italy-in-recent-days-as-a-result-of-a-cold-snap-with-cancelled-flights-frozen-rivers-and-traffi.md) _Context: Italian_
10. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England_
