### [2009-09-24](/news/2009/09/24/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council, headed by world leaders, unanimously approve Resolution 1887 to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons. 

The United Nations council unanimously passed a resolution aimed at shoring up commitment to limiting nuclear weapons.


### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jgipm0XJZREav4IStxO6HzUn0nAwD9ATP44G0)
2. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/News/world/UNSC-adopts-N-resolution-asks-non-NPT-states-to-join-treaty/Article1-457658.aspx)
3. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/world/2009-09/24/content_8733432.htm)
4. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/25/world/25prexy.html?hp)
5. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8272396.stm)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
2. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations Security Council  expressed "deep concern"  at the number of violations of Yemen's  ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-adeep-concerna-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemenas-ceasefire-u-n-envoys-warned-t.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
5. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.  It's not known if the Security Council will take any action.  ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
6. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, nuclear warheads_
8. [North Korea threatens to take "strong physical countermeasures" if South Korea co-operates with new United Nations Security Council resolutions against it. ](/news/2013/01/25/north-korea-threatens-to-take-strong-physical-countermeasures-if-south-korea-co-operates-with-new-united-nations-security-council-resoluti.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Riyad Mansour, the Palestinian United Nations observer, announces that the United Nations Security Council is to vote tomorrow on a resolution critical of Israeli settlement building in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. ](/news/2011/02/17/riyad-mansour-the-palestinian-united-nations-observer-announces-that-the-united-nations-security-council-is-to-vote-tomorrow-on-a-resoluti.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
