### [2012-02-6](/news/2012/02/6/index.md)

# Queen Elizabeth II marks the 60th anniversary of her becoming the monarch of the United Kingdom and seven other sovereign states in the Commonwealth of Nations with events to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee set for later in the year. 

The Queen visits a school in Norfolk and there are gun salutes around the UK as she marks the 60th anniversary of her accession to the throne.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16896731)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/58331000/jpg/_58331562_queen_school_reuters.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Elizabeth II, queen regnant of the United Kingdom and Head of the Commonwealth of Nations, celebrates her 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/04/21/elizabeth-ii-queen-regnant-of-the-united-kingdom-and-head-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-celebrates-her-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Elizabeth II, United Kingdom_
2. [Elizabeth II addresses her Commonwealth subjects in her annual Royal Christmas Message, referring to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and the "humbling" experience of her diamond jubilee celebrations. Her speech - the first to be broadcast in 3D - does not include mention the recently-announced pregnancy of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, wife of her eldest grandson. ](/news/2012/12/25/elizabeth-ii-addresses-her-commonwealth-subjects-in-her-annual-royal-christmas-message-referring-to-the-2012-summer-olympics-in-london-and.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
3. [Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom attends a Cabinet meeting for the first time to receive a gift in honour of her Diamond Jubilee, including having an area of the British Antarctic Territory named for her. It is believed to be the first time that a British monarch has attended a Cabinet meeting in peace-time since Queen Victoria's reign. ](/news/2012/12/18/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-attends-a-cabinet-meeting-for-the-first-time-to-receive-a-gift-in-honour-of-her-diamond-jubilee-in.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, United Kingdom, diamond jubilee_
4. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, United Kingdom_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, United Kingdom_
6. [The Gambia is to withdraw from the Commonwealth, 48 years after joining the 54-member grouping, which includes the United Kingdom and most of its former colonies. ](/news/2013/10/3/the-gambia-is-to-withdraw-from-the-commonwealth-48-years-after-joining-the-54-member-grouping-which-includes-the-united-kingdom-and-most-o.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, United Kingdom_
7. [Queen Elizabeth of the United Kingdom receives an honorary BAFTA award for her support of British film and television and she is honored as the "most memorable Bond girl" for her appearance at the 2012 London Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/5/queen-elizabeth-of-the-united-kingdom-receives-an-honorary-bafta-award-for-her-support-of-british-film-and-television-and-she-is-honored-as.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, United Kingdom_
8. [The Jubilee celebrations conclude with a lunch at Marlborough House on Pall Mall attended by Elizabeth II and Commonwealth leaders. ](/news/2012/06/6/the-jubilee-celebrations-conclude-with-a-lunch-at-marlborough-house-on-pall-mall-attended-by-elizabeth-ii-and-commonwealth-leaders.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Elizabeth II_
9. [The Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom reaches its peak with a pageant on the River Thames. ](/news/2012/06/3/the-diamond-jubilee-of-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-reaches-its-peak-with-a-pageant-on-the-river-thames.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, diamond jubilee_
10. [The United Kingdom towns of Chelmsford, Perth and St Asaph are awarded city status to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-united-kingdom-towns-of-chelmsford-perth-and-st-asaph-are-awarded-city-status-to-mark-the-diamond-jubilee-of-elizabeth-ii.md) _Context: United Kingdom, diamond jubilee_
