### [2012-02-6](/news/2012/02/6/index.md)

# The BBC reports that rival Palestinian factions have agreed to form a government led by President Mahmoud Abbas ahead of elections. 

Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas says he will head a unity government between Hamas and Fatah ahead of elections in the West Bank and Gaza.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-16903239)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority President_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
6. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, orders that the words "State of Palestine" be used on official documents. ](/news/2013/01/6/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-orders-that-the-words-state-of-palestine-be-used-on-official-documents.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting. ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
9. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
