
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.json)  [XML](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.xml)  

### [2016-07-13](/news/2016/07/13/index.md)

##### May ministry
# The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. 

Theresa May is forming her government after becoming prime minister. Who is in - and out - of her first cabinet?


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-36785814)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/15D17/production/_90376398_may10.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _2017-08-25 03:46:07 (First version)_
2. [Formation of the May ministry: The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-may-ministry-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:29 (Update)_
2. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [A spokesperson for Prime Minister Theresa May says the government has seen no plans for Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson's idea of building a road bridge across the English Channel between France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2018/01/19/a-spokesperson-for-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-government-has-seen-no-plans-for-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-s-idea-of-building-a.md) _Context: Boris Johnson, Foreign Secretary, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
2. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Liam Fox, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
3. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
4. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, Foreign Secretary, Prime Minister_
5. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Foreign Secretary, Home Secretary, Prime Minister_
