### [2016-07-13](/news/2016/07/13/index.md)

# The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes. 

South Sudan: U.S. troops were rushed to evacuate Americans and embassy personnel in the capital amid renewed fighting that is creating a humanitarian crisis.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/07/13/US-troops-to-evacuate-embassy-amid-heavy-fighting-in-South-Sudan/3741468410802/?spt=hts&or=1)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/i/3741468410802/2016/2/14684240865273/v2.1/US-troops-to-evacuate-embassy-amid-heavy-fighting-in-South-Sudan.jpg)

### Related:

1. [According to a military spokesman of the rebel SPLM-IO, at least 115 soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital, Juba. ](/news/2016/07/9/according-to-a-military-spokesman-of-the-rebel-splm-io-at-least-115-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
2. [Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-with-reports-of-heavy.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
3. [After five days of fighting that left 272 people dead and thousands more displaced in the capital, Juba, President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader and Vice-President Riek Machar declare a ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/12/after-five-days-of-fighting-that-left-272-people-dead-and-thousands-more-displaced-in-the-capital-juba-president-salva-kiir-mayardit-and-r.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
4. [An estimated 272 people have been killed between rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions as clashes in the capital, Juba, continue. According to a spokesman for rebel leader and Vice President Riek Machar, South Sudan is "back to war" despite a peace deal being reached last April. ](/news/2016/07/10/an-estimated-272-people-have-been-killed-between-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-as-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-continue-ac.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
5. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
6. [Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government-of-interfering-in-the-cour.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudan_
8. [Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. ](/news/2016/10/17/clashes-between-government-troops-and-rebels-in-south-sudan-leave-at-least-56-people-killed.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
9. [U.S. Special Envoy to South Sudan Donald E. Booth said that the United States would consider imposing sanctions or an arms embargo on South Sudan's leaders if they fail to form and cooperate in a proposed unity government to end the country's civil war. ](/news/2016/04/28/u-s-special-envoy-to-south-sudan-donald-e-booth-said-that-the-united-states-would-consider-imposing-sanctions-or-an-arms-embargo-on-south.md) _Context: South Sudan, South Sudanese Civil War_
10. [Rebel leader Riek Machar arrives in the capital Juba and is immediately sworn is as Vice President upon arrival. It is hoped that this appointment will put an end to the civil war that has plagued the country since late 2013. ](/news/2016/04/26/rebel-leader-riek-machar-arrives-in-the-capital-juba-and-is-immediately-sworn-is-as-vice-president-upon-arrival-it-is-hoped-that-this-appoi.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War_
