### [2010-05-8](/news/2010/05/8/index.md)

# U.S. Senator Bob Bennett, Republican from Utah, is ousted from his party's primary ballot at the state's Republican convention, meaning he will not have a chance for a fourth term. 




### Source:

1. [AP at Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100508/ap_on_el_se/us_utah_senate_16)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate, Utah_
2. [Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-top-two-republican-candidates-for-spots-in-the-nov.md) _Context: United States Senate, primary election_
3. [ Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: United States Senate, primary election_
4. [ Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidential-nominees-for-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: United States Senate, primary election_
5. [ United States Senate Republicans and the Bush administration announce an agreement on interrogation methods and the trial of suspects in the War on Terror. ](/news/2006/09/21/united-states-senate-republicans-and-the-bush-administration-announce-an-agreement-on-interrogation-methods-and-the-trial-of-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
6. [ U.S. Congressman Rob Portman (R-Ohio) was nominated by President George W. Bush to be the United States Trade Representative, replacing Robert Zoellick. Portman is subject to Senate confirmation. (Reuters) [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/BUSINESS/03/17/us.trade.rep.reut/]](/news/2005/03/17/u-s-congressman-rob-portman-r-ohio-was-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-be-the-united-states-trade-representative-replacing-rob.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
7. [ U.S. presidential election: George W. Bush accepts the Republican nomination for a second term in office as the party's National Convention concludes, signaling the beginning of all-out campaigning by Bush and Senator John Kerry.](/news/2004/09/2/u-s-presidential-election-george-w-bush-accepts-the-republican-nomination-for-a-second-term-in-office-as-the-party-s-national-convention.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
8. [ The Federal Marriage Amendment, a bid by members of the United States Republican Party to amend the United States Constitution to ban same-sex marriage in the United States, fails in the Senate by a larger-than-expected margin. ](/news/2004/07/14/the-federal-marriage-amendment-a-bid-by-members-of-the-united-states-republican-party-to-amend-the-united-states-constitution-to-ban-same.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
9. [Senator Trent Lott resigned as Senate Majority Leader, concluding that his approving statements of fellow Senator Strom Thurmond's segregationist run for President of the United States in 1948 had limited his effectiveness and that of his fellow Republicans.](/news/2002/12/20/senator-trent-lott-resigned-as-senate-majority-leader-concluding-that-his-approving-statements-of-fellow-senator-strom-thurmond-s-segregati.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
10. [The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-92a5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation.md) _Context: United States Senate_
