### [2005-08-26](/news/2005/08/26/index.md)

#  An Israeli Border Policeman is wounded when a Palestinian man stabs him in the back of the neck near The Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4188216.stm)
2. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/617414.html)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-08-26T072222Z_01_YUE626490_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST-STABBING.xml)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1125022804201)

### Related:

1. [The Palestinian cabinet moves its weekly meeting from Ramallah to Hebron in a symbolic protest at the decision by Israel to add Hebron's Cave of the Patriarchs and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem to its list of national heritage sites. ](/news/2010/03/1/the-palestinian-cabinet-moves-its-weekly-meeting-from-ramallah-to-hebron-in-a-symbolic-protest-at-the-decision-by-israel-to-add-hebron-s-cav.md) _Context: Cave of the Patriarchs, Hebron, Israel_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Cave of the Patriarchs, Hebron_
5. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [ A Palestinian woman, in what was construed to be an attempt to stab Israeli Border Police officers at the entrance to the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron, is shot and later dies. ](/news/2016/07/1/a-palestinian-woman-in-what-was-construed-to-be-an-attempt-to-stab-israeli-border-police-officers-at-the-entrance-to-the-tomb-of-the-patri.md) _Context: Cave of the Patriarchs, Hebron_
8. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
