### [2015-06-21](/news/2015/06/21/index.md)

# A Palestinian teenager is in police custody after he stabbed a policeman who was administrating Jerusalem's Damascus Gate border in the neck, critically injuring the policeman. The policeman then shot and injured the teenager and collapsed. 

Soldier is in critical condition after sustaining stab wounds to his neck in attack at the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem&#39;s Old City.


### Source:

1. [YNet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4670755,00.html)

### Related:

1. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack. In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Damascus Gate_
2. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
3. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing. A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Palestinian_
4. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Palestinian_
7. [Israel-Palestine relations. Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-palestine-relations-israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel.md) _Context: Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-p.md) _Context: Palestinian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israeli security forces arrest 18 Palestinians on the West Bank for alleged terrorism related offences. ](/news/2016/04/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israeli-security-forces-arrest-18-palestinians-on-the-west-bank-for-alleged-terrorism-relat.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Palestinian_
