### [2012-07-30](/news/2012/07/30/index.md)

# Three women from Russian feminist punk rock band Pussy Riot go on trial in Moscow for holding an "unsanctioned performance" which called for the ouster of Vladimir Putin at Moscow's Christ the Saviour Cathedral in February. 

Three members of a Russian female punk band went on trial on Monday, facing up to seven years in jail for protesting against Vladimir Putin inside a Moscow cathedral, a prosecution they said was aimed at spreading fear and silencing dissent.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/30/entertainment-us-russia-pussyriot-trial-idUSBRE86S0AZ20120730)

### Related:

1. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian police arrest prominent opposition leaders at a rally against President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. ](/news/2012/12/15/russian-police-arrest-prominent-opposition-leaders-at-a-rally-against-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
4. [A court in Moscow, Russia, frees one of the three Pussy Riot members at an appeal hearing. ](/news/2012/10/10/a-court-in-moscow-russia-frees-one-of-the-three-pussy-riot-members-at-an-appeal-hearing.md) _Context: Moscow, Pussy Riot, Russia_
5. [Russia:A Moscow court convicts three members of Russian punk band Pussy Riot of "hooliganism motivated by religious hatred and enmity" and jails them for two years. ](/news/2012/08/17/russia-pa-moscow-court-convicts-three-members-of-russian-punk-band-pussy-riot-of-hooliganism-motivated-by-religious-hatred-and-enmity-and.md) _Context: Moscow, Pussy Riot, Russia_
6. [2011-2012 Russian protests: Over 100,000 people protest for and against Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in Moscow. ](/news/2012/02/4/2011a2012-russian-protests-over-100-000-people-protest-for-and-against-russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-in-moscow.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [2011-2012 Russian protests: Thousands of Russians form a human chain around the centre of Moscow in protest against Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2012/02/26/2011-2012-russian-protests-thousands-of-russians-form-a-human-chain-around-the-centre-of-moscow-in-protest-against-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [2011 Russian protests:A day of protests begins in cities across Russia against alleged election fraud by Vladimir Putin and his United Russia party, with fifty thousand people marching in Moscow and 25 people arrested in Khabarovsk. ](/news/2011/12/10/2011-russian-protests-pa-day-of-protests-begins-in-cities-across-russia-against-alleged-election-fraud-by-vladimir-putin-and-his-united-russ.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Hundreds of people participate in two separate rallies in Moscow, Russia, calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and protesting constitutional abuses, and the second demanding greater rights for ethnic Russians. ](/news/2010/12/12/hundreds-of-people-participate-in-two-separate-rallies-in-moscow-russia-calling-for-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-and-p.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
