### [2013-08-9](/news/2013/08/9/index.md)

# Mexican drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero, who was convicted for the 1985 murder of U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration Enrique Camarena, is ordered released from prison. 

Cartel boss has 40-year jail sentence for murder of American DEA agent Enrique Camarena overturned by court


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/aug/09/mexican-druglord-rafael-caro-quintero-released)

### Related:

1. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration_
2. [Mexican Drug War: Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/mexican-drug-war-fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities.md) _Context: drug kingpin_
3. [Michele Leonhart announces her retirement as the Administrator of the United States Drug Enforcement Administration with concerns raised about her leadership following a prostitution scandal involving Agency officers having sex with prostitutes provided by drug cartels. ](/news/2015/04/21/michele-leonhart-announces-her-retirement-as-the-administrator-of-the-united-states-drug-enforcement-administration-with-concerns-raised-abo.md) _Context: U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration_
4. [A Mexican federal court overturns a state court ruling that allowed the drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero to be released from prison earlier this year. This court response follows a decision by the U.S. Department of State to place a $5 million bounty against him. ](/news/2013/11/6/a-mexican-federal-court-overturns-a-state-court-ruling-that-allowed-the-drug-lord-rafael-caro-quintero-to-be-released-from-prison-earlier-th.md) _Context: Rafael Caro Quintero_
5. [Mexican Drug War:: At least 14 people are killed in a series of clashes between alleged drug traffickers and police in the Mexican state of Michoacan. The government states that a high-profile drug lord was killed in the battle. ](/news/2013/04/11/mexican-drug-war-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-clashes-between-alleged-drug-traffickers-and-police-in-the-mexican-state-of.md) _Context: drug kingpin_
6. [Myanmar drug lord and convicted murderer Naw Kham is executed by lethal injection in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China. ](/news/2013/03/1/myanmar-drug-lord-and-convicted-murderer-naw-kham-is-executed-by-lethal-injection-in-kunming-yunnan-province-china.md) _Context: drug kingpin_
7. [A drug lord named Mario Smith Pomare, who had long been wanted by the police in Colombia, is arrested at his villa on the Atlantic coast of Honduras. ](/news/2013/01/20/a-drug-lord-named-mario-smith-pomare-who-had-long-been-wanted-by-the-police-in-colombia-is-arrested-at-his-villa-on-the-atlantic-coast-of.md) _Context: drug kingpin_
8. [Daniel "El Loco" Barrera, a Colombian crime boss accused of alliances with guerrilla groups and drug trafficking crimes, is captured in San Cristobal, Venezuela. ](/news/2012/09/20/daniel-el-loco-barrera-a-colombian-crime-boss-accused-of-alliances-with-guerrilla-groups-and-drug-trafficking-crimes-is-captured-in-san.md) _Context: drug kingpin_
9. [Seven people are killed in a three-way shootout between rival drug cartels and the authorities in the Mexican state of Sinaloa, the home-state of Joaqun Guzmn Loera, the country's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/04/29/seven-people-are-killed-in-a-three-way-shootout-between-rival-drug-cartels-and-the-authorities-in-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa-the-home-sta.md) _Context: drug kingpin_
10. [The US Federal Bureau of Investigation and Drug Enforcement Administration claim to have disrupted an alleged terrorist plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador and bombings of the Saudi and Israeli embassies in Washington DC with possible links to Iran. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-drug-enforcement-administration-claim-to-have-disrupted-an-alleged-terrorist-plot-to-assassinate.md) _Context: U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration_
