### [2013-08-9](/news/2013/08/9/index.md)

# Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. 

Zimbabwe&#39;s Movement for Democratic Change has challenged President Robert Mugabe&#39;s landslide re-election in the country&#39;s top court, calling for a re-run.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/Africa/Zimbabwe/MDC-challenges-Mugabe-win-in-court-20130809)

### Related:

1. [Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party claims victory in yesterday's Zimbabwean general election as the opposition Movement for Democratic Change alleges "massive fraud". ](/news/2013/08/1/robert-mugabe-s-zanu-pf-party-claims-victory-in-yesterday-s-zimbabwean-general-election-as-the-opposition-movement-for-democratic-change-all.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, ZANU-PF, recent elections_
2. [ Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change defeats Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF in the Zimbabean "'parliamentary"' elections. ](/news/2008/04/2/morgan-tsvangirai-s-movement-for-democratic-change-defeats-robert-mugabe-s-zanu-pf-in-the-zimbabean-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, ZANU-PF, Zimbabwe_
3. [ Leading opponents of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, including Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, and four other members of parliament and party activists, are arrested for defying a ban on protest rallies in Harare. Riot police shoot one activist dead. ](/news/2007/03/11/leading-opponents-of-zimbabwe-s-president-robert-mugabe-including-morgan-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-fou.md) _Context: Harare, Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission says that Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party has won 142 seats of 210 seats in the general election. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-zimbabwe-electoral-commission-says-that-robert-mugabe-s-zanu-pf-party-has-won-142-seats-of-210-seats-in-the-general-election.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
6. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
7. [The incumbent President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, determines that elections will be scheduled for 31 July 2013, however Mugabe's leading presidential contestant and primary political rival Morgan Tsvangirai rejects this as being "a unilateral and flagrant breach of the constitution". ](/news/2013/06/13/the-incumbent-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-determines-that-elections-will-be-scheduled-for-31-july-2013-however-mugabe-s-leading-p.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, recent elections_
8. [Supporters of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe stone delegates meeting in the capital Harare to create a new constitution, injuring five people. ](/news/2010/09/19/supporters-of-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-stone-delegates-meeting-in-the-capital-harare-to-create-a-new-constitution-injuring-five-p.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [China throws a surprise 86th birthday party for President Robert Mugabe in its Zimbabwe embassy in Harare, the first time Mugabe visited a foreign embassy in the country since Zimbabwe won independence in 1980. ](/news/2010/02/22/china-throws-a-surprise-86th-birthday-party-for-president-robert-mugabe-in-its-zimbabwe-embassy-in-harare-the-first-time-mugabe-visited-a-f.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [ Zimbabwe's House of Assembly allows power-sharing between the African National Union - Patriotic Front and the Movement for Democratic Change. ](/news/2009/02/5/zimbabwe-s-house-of-assembly-allows-power-sharing-between-the-african-national-union-a-patriotic-front-and-the-movement-for-democratic-ch.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, ZANU-PF, Zimbabwe_
