### [2012-02-18](/news/2012/02/18/index.md)

# The Greek Cabinet approves additional austerity measures demanded by the European Union and International Monetary Fund. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/18/greece-idUSL5E8DI0CD20120218)

### Related:

1. [A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/8/a-meeting-of-the-leaders-of-the-parties-comprising-the-greek-government-breaks-up-without-agreeing-to-cuts-prescribed-by-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund, government of Greece_
2. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
4. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
5. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
6. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Greek government debt crisis: The government of Greece fails to reach agreement over the terms of a new bailout from the European Union, but retracts the deadline they had given themselves to do so, 30 minutes before the deadline would have passed. ](/news/2012/02/6/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-government-of-greece-fails-to-reach-agreement-over-the-terms-of-a-new-bailout-from-the-european-union-but.md) _Context: European Union, government of Greece_
9. [Thousands of people are expected to demonstrate in Dublin against European Union / International Monetary Fund budget cuts. ](/news/2011/07/16/thousands-of-people-are-expected-to-demonstrate-in-dublin-against-european-union-international-monetary-fund-budget-cuts.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
10. [European sovereign debt crisis:Greece:The Greek parliament holds a vote of confidence in government cuts associated with a new EUR12 billion loan from the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2011/06/21/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-pgreece-pthe-greek-parliament-holds-a-vote-of-confidence-in-government-cuts-associated-with-a-new-a-12-billi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
