### [2008-11-12](/news/2008/11/12/index.md)

#  A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. 

A judge in Taipei ruled that former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian be held in jail while prosecutors in the city pursue money-laundering and corruption charges against him.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/13/world/asia/13taiwan.html?ref=world)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
2. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
3. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
4. [ Hundreds of thousands of people made a protest against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan, surrounding Office of the President, where Chen took part in ceremony marking Double Tenth Day. ](/news/2006/10/10/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-made-a-protest-against-president-chen-shui-bian-in-taipei-taiwan-surrounding-office-of-the-president-whe.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taipei_
5. [ Tens of thousands of protesters begin their anticorruption protests, "Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go", against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2006/09/9/tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-begin-their-anticorruption-protests-million-voices-against-corruption-president-chen-must-go-against-p.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taipei_
6. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
7. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
8. [ The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-high-court-in-the-republic-of-china-rejects-a-petition-by-the-kuomintang-to-nullify-the-march-2004-presidential-election-result-that-sa.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
9. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
10. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taipei_
