### [2013-08-20](/news/2013/08/20/index.md)

# A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/fromer-pakistani-army-chief-musharraf-charged-in-2007-bhutto-assassination/2013/08/20/1ee21296-094f-11e3-89fe-abb4a5067014_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [ Pakistan: The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/pakistan-p-the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-fact-date-de.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
3. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
4. [Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the son of Pakistan's murdered ex-Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, promises to fight militancy and maintain democracy, in his first major political speech marking five years since his mother's death. ](/news/2012/12/27/bilawal-bhutto-zardari-the-son-of-pakistan-s-murdered-ex-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-promises-to-fight-militancy-and-maintain-democracy.md) _Context: 2007 assassination, Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
5. [A Pakistan anti-terror court indicts two police officers and five alleged members of the Taliban for the murder of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2011/11/5/a-pakistan-anti-terror-court-indicts-two-police-officers-and-five-alleged-members-of-the-taliban-for-the-murder-of-former-prime-minister-of.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Prime Minister, indicted_
6. [ A suicide gunman shoots former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto, killing her, and then blows himself up killing at least 22 others at an election rally in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. ](/news/2007/12/27/a-suicide-gunman-shoots-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-killing-her-and-then-blows-himself-up-killing-at-least-22-others.md) _Context: 2007 assassination, Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
7. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
8. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
9. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
