### [2013-08-20](/news/2013/08/20/index.md)

# Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. 

Citing a 2011 statement by a French intellectual, Erdogan claimed he could prove the Jewish state plotted the coup in Cairo


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/us-pans-turkish-pm-for-saying-israel-ousted-morsi/)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/turkeys-erdogan-says-israel-behind-egyptian-leaders-ouster-says-has-evidence-to-prove-it/2013/08/20/9da8d9b8-0984-11e3-89fe-abb4a5067014_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Turkish, United States_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Turkish, United States_
3. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, United States_
4. [A Turkish court places the influential ''Zaman'' newspaper under state control. ''Zaman'' is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influe.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, United States_
5. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Israel, Turkish, United States_
6. [Egypt receives the final four of its order of 20 Lockheed Martin F-16 Block 52 multi-role fighters, according to the Defense Ministry. The United States had delayed delivery   following the 2013 coup d'etat. ](/news/2015/11/6/egypt-receives-the-final-four-of-its-order-of-20-lockheed-martin-f-16-block-52-multi-role-fighters-according-to-the-defense-ministry-the-u.md) _Context: 2013 coup d'état, Egypt, United States_
7. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, United States_
8. [Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan slams Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi as an "illegitimate tyrant", adding that Egypt could not be relied on when negotiating a ceasefire. ](/news/2014/07/18/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-slams-egyptian-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-as-an-illegitimate-tyrant-adding-that-egypt-co.md) _Context: Egypt, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
9. [The US calls on the Egyptian Army to free deposed president Mohamed Morsi. ](/news/2013/07/12/the-us-calls-on-the-egyptian-army-to-free-deposed-president-mohamed-morsi.md) _Context: 2013 coup d'état, Egypt, United States_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Israel, Turkish, United States_
