### [2013-08-20](/news/2013/08/20/index.md)

# United States Senator Ted Cruz of Texas announces that he wants to renounce his Canadian citizenship, fueling speculation about a presidential run in 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2013/08/20/what-ted-cruz-actually-needs-to-do-to-renounce-canadian-citizenship/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016. Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-pres.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirms previous rulings that Texas' 2011 voter ID law is discriminatory and does not comply with the Voting Rights Act, and orders a lower court to resolve the problem in time for the November elections. ](/news/2016/07/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-affirms-previous-rulings-that-texas-201.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-co.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. Pennsylvania's Supreme Court upholds the previous court ruling that dismissed the case against Ted Cruz which challenged his eligibility to appear on the state's GOP primary ballot, and serve as president. ](/news/2016/03/31/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-pennsylvania-s-supreme-court-upholds-the-previous.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's requirement, 0.5 percent - one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hi.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. In the Missouri Primary, media outlets have held off calling yesterday's races due to the extremely close results. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton lead in their party's vote, but by just two-tenths of 1 percent ahead of Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders, respectively. Missouri law states a recount may be requested if the margin is less than half a percentage point. Either Cruz or Sanders or both can request a recount. These results are unofficial, until they-re certified by the Missouri Secretary of State, which reportedly could take up to four weeks. Trump leads by about 1,700 votes and Clinton's edge is about 1,500. The state also needs to count the remaining absentee and provisional ballots; the deadline for overseas ballots is noon Friday. ](/news/2016/03/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-in-the-missouri-primary-media-outlets-have-held-off-calling-yesterday-s-races-due-to-the-extreme.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz_
