### [1999-04-30](/news/1999/04/30/index.md)

#  Cambodia joins the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) bringing the total members to ten.




### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia continues to block consensus in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. The country has political and economical dependencies with China. ](/news/2016/07/24/philippines-v-china-cambodia-continues-to-block-consensus-in-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-the-country-has-politic.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations, Cambodia_
2. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia and Laos cause discord at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting after they block a joint statement by the group regarding the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/23/philippines-v-china-cambodia-and-laos-cause-discord-at-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-after-they-block-a-joint-state.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations, Cambodia_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: During one of the meetings of the 50th Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum at Manila, the foreign ministers of the member nations issued a communique "emphasizing the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint," ending an impasse regarding the disputes on the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-during-one-of-the-meetings-of-the-50th-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-regional-forum-at.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
4. [Angkor Wat: A 2 meter (6.5 feet) tall 12th century sandstone statue of a human figure is unearthed by archaeologists during an excavation of a Khmer Empire-era hospital built during the reign of King Jayavarman VII at Cambodia's Angkor Wat temple complex in Siem Reap Province. ](/news/2017/08/1/angkor-wat-a-2-meter-6-5-feet-tall-12th-century-sandstone-statue-of-a-human-figure-is-unearthed-by-archaeologists-during-an-excavation-of.md) _Context: Cambodia_
5. [Cambodian communal elections, 2017: Voters cast ballots to select representatives for rural and urban Cambodian precincts from, nationwide, 94,595 candidates for 11,572 council seats. Voter turnout was 85.74 percent with few reports of irregularities. According to early results, the opposition makes significant gains against the ruling party of Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2017/06/4/cambodian-communal-elections-2017-voters-cast-ballots-to-select-representatives-for-rural-and-urban-cambodian-precincts-from-nationwide.md) _Context: Cambodia_
6. [Sam Rainsy, the Cambodian opposition leader, is tried yet again in absentia. ](/news/2016/12/9/sam-rainsy-the-cambodian-opposition-leader-is-tried-yet-again-in-absentia.md) _Context: Cambodia_
7. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
8. [A Cambodian opposition senator is sentenced to 7 years in prison for a post on Facebook. ](/news/2016/11/7/a-cambodian-opposition-senator-is-sentenced-to-7-years-in-prison-for-a-post-on-facebook.md) _Context: Cambodia_
9. [Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen says that he will continue his campaign against protests from the Cambodian opposition while Kem Sokha of the Cambodian National Rescue Party vows to remain as their leader. ](/news/2016/09/19/cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-says-that-he-will-continue-his-campaign-against-protests-from-the-cambodian-opposition-while-kem-sokha-of-t.md) _Context: Cambodia_
10. [The Parliament of Cambodia plans to strip political immunity for opposition politician Thak Lany of the Cambodia National Rescue Party alliance after she criticized Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2016/09/1/the-parliament-of-cambodia-plans-to-strip-political-immunity-for-opposition-politician-thak-lany-of-the-cambodia-national-rescue-party-allia.md) _Context: Cambodia_
