### [2016-10-5](/news/2016/10/5/index.md)

# Curacao general election, 2016: Voters in Curacao go to the polls to elect the 21 members of the Estates of Curacao. The election had been delayed from September 30 due to Hurricane Matthew. 

WILLEMSTAD – The Supreme Electoral Council (SEC) held its first briefing today at 12 o’clock. According to Pacheco Römer, chairman of the SEC, up until that moment, 21,571 people voted which represents about 20% of the total voters on the island. “This is a good sign because normally this is 12 to 15%,” said Römer during&hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Curaçao Chronicle](http://curacaochronicle.com/main/update-curacao-votes-2016/)

### Related:

1. [Curacao general election, 2016: The government of Curacao Prime Minister Ben Whiteman resigns ahead of the Curacao general election on October 5. ](/news/2016/10/4/curaassao-general-election-2016-the-government-of-curaassao-prime-minister-ben-whiteman-resigns-ahead-of-the-curaassao-general-election-on-oc.md) _Context: Curacao, Curacao general election, 2016_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-c.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-st.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
9. [Hurricane Matthew: The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. ](/news/2016/10/13/hurricane-matthew-the-death-toll-in-north-carolina-rises-to-22-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-governor-pat-mccrory-says-places-that-had.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
10. [Hurricane Matthew: The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/hurricane-matthew-the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in.md) _Context: Hurricane Matthew_
