### [2016-10-5](/news/2016/10/5/index.md)

# Frenchman Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Scotsman Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Dutchman Ben Feringa win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their research into nanotechnology. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-37486374#)

### Related:

1. [Danish royal consorts: Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: French-born_
2. [Two-headed animals: The deceased body of a rare two-headed porpoise is located for the first time in the North Sea by Dutch fishermen. ](/news/2017/06/14/two-headed-animals-the-deceased-body-of-a-rare-two-headed-porpoise-is-located-for-the-first-time-in-the-north-sea-by-dutch-fishermen.md) _Context: Dutch_
3. [Applications of nanotechnology: While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy-s Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/applications-of-nanotechnology-while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-ca.md) _Context: nanotechnology_
4. [ British cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner announce " Breaktrough Starshot," a $100 million effort to plan a trip to the sun's closest stellar neighbor, Alpha Centauri, via developing nanotechnology that would put the craft within the star system roughly 20 years after leaving Earth. ](/news/2016/04/12/british-cosmologist-stephen-hawking-and-russian-venture-capitalist-and-physicist-yuri-milner-announce-breaktrough-starshot-a-100-milli.md) _Context: nanotechnology_
5. [French taxidrivers, air traffic controllers and school teachers go on strike over working conditions and competition from non-traditional services such as Uber. ](/news/2016/01/26/french-taxidrivers-air-traffic-controllers-and-school-teachers-go-on-strike-over-working-conditions-and-competition-from-non-traditional-se.md) _Context: French-born_
6. [November 2015 Paris attacks: Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/november-2015-paris-attacks-authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvem.md) _Context: French-born_
7. [Tomas Lindahl, Paul L. Modrich and Aziz Sancar win the 2015 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their work in DNA repair. ](/news/2015/10/7/tomas-lindahl-paul-l-modrich-and-aziz-sancar-win-the-2015-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-their-work-in-dna-repair.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Chemistry_
8. ["Dheepan", a French film directed by Jacques Audiard, wins the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. ](/news/2015/05/24/dheepan-a-french-film-directed-by-jacques-audiard-wins-the-palme-d-or-at-the-2015-cannes-film-festival.md) _Context: French-born_
9. [Germanwings Flight 9525: French prosecutors say the passengers onboard the Germanwings flight that crashed in southern France have all been identified, and their bodies can be returned home to their families. ](/news/2015/05/19/germanwings-flight-9525-french-prosecutors-say-the-passengers-onboard-the-germanwings-flight-that-crashed-in-southern-france-have-all-been.md) _Context: French-born_
10. [A French air traffic controllers strike causes the cancellation of hundreds of flights throughout Europe. ](/news/2015/04/8/a-french-air-traffic-controllers-strike-causes-the-cancellation-of-hundreds-of-flights-throughout-europe.md) _Context: French-born_
