### [2016-10-5](/news/2016/10/5/index.md)

# The Paris Agreement on climate change which governs greenhouse gas emissions will take effect in November. 

A global agreement to combat climate change will take force after support from European nations sent the accord across an important threshold on Wednesday, prompting U.S. President Barack Obama to hail it as a &quot;historic day&quot; for protecting the planet.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-climatechange-paris-idUSKCN12523G)

### Related:

1. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: Paris Agreement_
2. [Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils-in-response-to-trump-s-decision-to-withdraw-the-u.md) _Context: Paris Agreement_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-mitigation.md) _Context: Paris Agreement_
4. [The meeting of Group of 7 leaders in Taormina, Italy, concludes with a disagreement on whether to uphold the Paris Agreement; U.S. President Donald Trump is the only leader not to confirm commitment to the agreement, due to his climate change denial. ](/news/2017/05/27/the-meeting-of-group-of-7-leaders-in-taormina-italy-concludes-with-a-disagreement-on-whether-to-uphold-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president.md) _Context: Paris Agreement_
5. [The chief executive of Royal Dutch Shell, Ben van Beurden, denies the claim that his company's balance sheet contains any assets that will  be "stranded," that is that will have to be written off, due to the Paris Climate Accord. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-chief-executive-of-royal-dutch-shell-ben-van-beurden-denies-the-claim-that-his-company-s-balance-sheet-contains-any-assets-that-will.md) _Context: Paris Agreement_
6. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
7. [Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, announces she will resign in July when her appointment ends. ](/news/2016/02/19/christiana-figueres-executive-secretary-of-the-un-framework-convention-on-climate-change-announces-she-will-resign-in-july-when-her-appoin.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
9. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
10. [Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-global-deal-on-limiting-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: greenhouse gas_
