### [2015-03-6](/news/2015/03/6/index.md)

# Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Director John O. Brennan announces plans for a major restructuring and reorganization, including a focus on digital espionage (through the creation of the CIA Directorate of Digital Innovation). The plan will end some longstanding divisions, and create ten new centers that team analysts with operators, fostering collaboration and focus on a range of new security issues and threats, and replacing geographic division offices with hybrid mission centers modeled on the CIA Counterterrorism Center. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post'' via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/national/cia-plans-major-reorganization-and-a-focus-on-digital-espionage/ar-AA9tiCw)

### Related:

1. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: CIA, John Brennan_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: CIA_
3. [Chinese espionage in the United States. An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/chinese-espionage-in-the-united-states-an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-sellin.md) _Context: CIA_
4. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Former CIA Director John Brennan tells the House Intelligence Committee he knew of contacts between Trump associates and Russian officials, but is not sure collusion existed. Brennan said he warned the Russian intelligence service last August against meddling in the U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/23/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-former-cia-director-john-brennan-tells-the-house-intelligence-committee-he-knew-of.md) _Context: John Brennan_
5. [China-United States relations. Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/china-united-states-relations-former-united-states-officials-report-that-18-20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-impri.md) _Context: CIA_
6. [Vault 7. WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/vault-7-wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-centra.md) _Context: CIA_
7. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: CIA_
8. [CIA Director John Brennan, in an exclusive interview to air on NBC News tonight, says the United States intelligence agency will not use harsh, enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, even if ordered by a future president. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have discussed using waterboarding if elected. ](/news/2016/04/11/cia-director-john-brennan-in-an-exclusive-interview-to-air-on-nbc-news-tonight-says-the-united-states-intelligence-agency-will-not-use-har.md) _Context: John Brennan_
9. [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [Swiss officials say police, based on a CIA tip, are hunting for at least four Islamic State-associated suspects believed to be plotting an attack in Geneva. ](/news/2015/12/10/swiss-officials-say-police-based-on-a-cia-tip-are-hunting-for-at-least-four-islamic-state-associated-suspects-believed-to-be-plotting-an-a.md) _Context: CIA_
