### [2015-03-6](/news/2015/03/6/index.md)

# India's Universal Primer Technology disputes the credit for inventing DNA barcoding with the University of Guelph in Canada. 

Bengaluru : A technique used globally for DNA-based identification of animal species is now at the centre of a credit dispute between scientists from...


### Source:

1. [IBN7](http://www.ibn7.com/biotech/item/86981-indian-scientists-peeved-over-credit-grab)
2. [Nature India](http://www.natureasia.com/en/nindia/article/10.1038/nindia.2015.20)

### Related:

1. [25th anniversary of Air India Flight 182:Relatives of those killed in Air India Flight 182 gather with diplomats and politicians from Canada, India and Ireland in Cork to mark the 25th anniversary with a memorial service. ](/news/2010/06/23/25th-anniversary-of-air-india-flight-182-prelatives-of-those-killed-in-air-india-flight-182-gather-with-diplomats-and-politicians-from-canad.md) _Context: Canada, India_
2. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Canada, India_
3. [ India's Essar Group buys Canadian steelmaker Algoma for US$ 1.63 billion. ](/news/2007/04/15/india-s-essar-group-buys-canadian-steelmaker-algoma-for-us-1-63-billion.md) _Context: Canada, India_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
8. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
9. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: India_
