### [2015-03-6](/news/2015/03/6/index.md)

# The U.S. Justice Department charges two Vietnamese citizens (Quoc Nguyen and Giang Hoang Vu) and a Canadian (David-Manuel Santos Da Silva) with running a massive cyberfraud ring that stole one billion email addresses, then sent spam offering knockoff software products of Adobe Systems Inc with the hacking having occurred between February 2009 and June 2012. The victim breaches include a massive 2011 attack on email marketing firm Epsilon, a unit of Alliance Data Systems Corp. Although the other two are in custody, Nguyen remains at large. The charge against Da Silva is conspiracy to commit money laundering. 

Two Vietnamese citizens and a Canadian have been charged with running a massive cyberfraud ring that stole 1 billion email addresses, then sent spam offering knockoff software products, the U.S. Department of Justice said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/06/us-usa-cybercrime-justice-idUSKBN0M21ZK20150306)

### Related:

1. [Vietnam pledges on ending the trafficking and farming of bears. ](/news/2017/07/19/vietnam-pledges-on-ending-the-trafficking-and-farming-of-bears.md) _Context: Vietnam_
2. [Health care in the United States: The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
3. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
5. [At least 11 people are dead after a bus and truck collide in Vietnam's Gia Lai province. ](/news/2017/05/7/at-least-11-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-and-truck-collide-in-vietnam-s-gia-lai-province.md) _Context: Vietnam_
6. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the "KM Hiu Macan 001", intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-poac.md) _Context: Vietnam_
7. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination: Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Vietnam_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [Gunmen attack a Vietnamese vessel near Tawi-Tawi, Philippines, killing at least one sailor and abducting seven others, according to the Philippine Coast Guard. Abu Sayyaf militants are suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/02/20/gunmen-attack-a-vietnamese-vessel-near-tawi-tawi-philippines-killing-at-least-one-sailor-and-abducting-seven-others-according-to-the-phil.md) _Context: Vietnam_
10. [Legal challenges to U.S. immigration suspension order: The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/legal-challenges-to-u-s-immigration-suspension-order-the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
