### [2010-06-8](/news/2010/06/8/index.md)

# 21 nations, including the Presidents of Afghanistan, Russia and Syria, attending the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia summit in Istanbul condemn Israel's deadly raid on the Gaza-bound aid flotilla, while Israel, the 22nd participant with a lower-level diplomat, disagrees. 




### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/06/201068165042815907.html)
2. [Voice of America](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/middle-east/Regional-Summit-Leaders-Denounce-Israeli-Raid-on-Aid-Flotilla-95874019.html)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-06/09/c_13340397.htm)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
2. [Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/israeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-missiles-allegedly-inte.md) _Context: Israel, Russia, Syria_
3. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
4. [Thousands of people shouting "death to Israel" gather at Sarayburnu port in Istanbul to welcome back the MV "Mavi Marmara", draped with a banner containing faces of the 9 people killed during the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/12/26/thousands-of-people-shouting-death-to-israel-gather-at-sarayburnu-port-in-istanbul-to-welcome-back-the-mv-mavi-marmara-draped-with-a-ba.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Istanbul_
5. [Israel asks the United Nations to suspend attempts to organise an international inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid, with Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak saying "some organisation, probably backed by a terror organisation, (is) once again trying to send a vessel into Gaza." ](/news/2010/06/22/israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-suspend-attempts-to-organise-an-international-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-with-israeli-defence-mi.md) _Context: Gaza, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
6. [Survivors of the Israeli assault on the Gaza-bound international aid flotilla return to Greece and Turkey, providing the first eyewitness accounts of the attack. ](/news/2010/06/1/survivors-of-the-israeli-assault-on-the-gaza-bound-international-aid-flotilla-return-to-greece-and-turkey-providing-the-first-eyewitness-ac.md) _Context: Gaza, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
7. [ Russia asks Israel to avoid harming Palestinian civilians in any offensive in the Gaza Strip and urges militants to free the abducted Israeli soldier. ](/news/2006/06/29/russia-asks-israel-to-avoid-harming-palestinian-civilians-in-any-offensive-in-the-gaza-strip-and-urges-militants-to-free-the-abducted-israe.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Russia_
8. [ Israel launches an offensive into the southern Gaza Strip, following aerial strikes on bridges and electric power installations. Meanwhile, four Israeli war planes fly over the palace of Syria's president Bashar Assad in Latakia, reportedly while he was at the palace. ](/news/2006/06/28/israel-launches-an-offensive-into-the-southern-gaza-strip-following-aerial-strikes-on-bridges-and-electric-power-installations-meanwhile.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Syria_
9. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Israel, Syria_
10. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Russia, Syria_
