### [2011-08-12](/news/2011/08/12/index.md)

# 2011 Syrian uprising: Massive protests are planned against the President Bashar al-Assad, after recent raids by the Army. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2011/08/12/161922.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Syrian uprising: Sources claim that the Syrian Army storms into the city of Baniyas attacking Sunni districts that have opposed President Bashar al-Assad during the 2011 Syrian protests. ](/news/2011/05/7/2011-syrian-uprising-sources-claim-that-the-syrian-army-storms-into-the-city-of-baniyas-attacking-sunni-districts-that-have-opposed-preside.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Army_
2. [2011 Syrian uprising: At least 19 people are killed across Syria by security forces as protests continue against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2011/11/19/2011-syrian-uprising-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-by-security-forces-as-protests-continue-against-the-regime-of-president-bas.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, President_
3. [Arab Spring:: 2011 Syrian uprising:: Syrian activists call for mass protests in schools against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad as the school year begins. ](/news/2011/09/18/arab-spring-2011-syrian-uprising-syrian-activists-call-for-mass-protests-in-schools-against-the-regime-of-president-bashar-al-assad-as-t.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, President_
4. [Protesters loyal to President Bashar al-Assad in the 2011 Syrian uprising break into the United States embassy in Damascus and try to break into the French embassy. ](/news/2011/07/11/protesters-loyal-to-president-bashar-al-assad-in-the-2011-syrian-uprising-break-into-the-united-states-embassy-in-damascus-and-try-to-break.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, President_
5. [Syrian uprising:: Syrian forces shell villages near the Lebanese border, and heavy gunfire is heard in Talkalakh, with reports of 8 people having died, in the latest phase of a crackdown by Syrian forces on protesters demonstrating against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad. Lebanon tries to seal the border after hundreds flee from Syrian troops and a wounded Syrian woman dies of her injuries after entering Lebanon. ](/news/2011/05/15/syrian-uprising-syrian-forces-shell-villages-near-the-lebanese-border-and-heavy-gunfire-is-heard-in-talkalakh-with-reports-of-8-people-h.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Army_
6. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre: At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Army_
7. [Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War: Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-i.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Army_
8. [Syrian uprising:: President Bashar al-Assad declares that a state of war exists in Syria as fighting spills into Damascus. ](/news/2012/06/27/syrian-uprising-president-bashar-al-assad-declares-that-a-state-of-war-exists-in-syria-as-fighting-spills-into-damascus.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
9. [Two people are killed in ongoing clashes in the Lebanese capital Beirut between supporters and opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/05/21/two-people-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
10. [Arab Spring:: Syrian uprising: At least 45 women and children are killed and burned in Homs after the United Nations visited Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to discuss the uprising. ](/news/2012/03/10/arab-spring-syrian-uprising-at-least-45-women-and-children-are-killed-and-burned-in-homs-after-the-united-nations-visited-syrian-presiden.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
