### [2003-08-21](/news/2003/08/21/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: General Ali Hassan al-Majid ("Chemical Ali") is reportedly captured in Iraq. He had previously been reported dead. 




### Source:

1. [August 21082003133538.asp](http://www.rferl.org/nca/features/2003)

### Related:

1. [Former Iraqi minister Ali Hassan al-Majid, also known as Chemical Ali, is sentenced to death for the Halabja poison gas attack. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-iraqi-minister-ali-hassan-al-majid-also-known-as-chemical-ali-is-sentenced-to-death-for-the-halabja-poison-gas-attack.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Iraq_
2. [ Former Iraqi Intelligence Service Director Ali Hassan al-Majid and former Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz are sentenced to 15 years in jail for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2009/03/11/former-iraqi-intelligence-service-director-ali-hassan-al-majid-and-former-deputy-prime-minister-tariq-aziz-are-sentenced-to-15-years-in-jai.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Iraq_
3. [ The Presidency Council of Iraq approves the execution of Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, widely known as "Chemical Ali", for his role in the Al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-presidency-council-of-iraq-approves-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-s-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-widely-known-as-chemical-ali-for-h.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Iraq_
4. [ The Iraqi Supreme Court confirms the death sentence passed on Ali Hassan al-Majid, Sultan Hashim al-Tai and Hussein Rashid al-Tikriti. ](/news/2007/09/4/the-iraqi-supreme-court-confirms-the-death-sentence-passed-on-ali-hassan-al-majid-sultan-hashim-al-tai-and-hussein-rashid-al-tikriti.md) _Context: Ali Hassan al-Majid, Iraq_
5. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.](/news/2003/09/8/occupation-of-iraq-declaring-iraq-to-be-the-central-front-in-the-war-against-terrorism-president-bush-asks-congress-for-87-billion-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
6. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Poland assumes a position in postwar Iraq. The coalition in Iraq hands over the south-central part of the country to a force led by Poland. The force of Polish troops leads a multinational peacekeeping brigade that will relieve Coalition forces (in particular the United States Marine expeditionary force). This is Poland's biggest military operation since World War&nbsp;II. This is also the first sign of the global community's commitment to a postwar Iraq. Secretary of State Colin Powell seeks support from Britain, France, Germany, and Russia on a proposed United Nations resolution that would give the United Nations a role in Iraq's economic and political future. Coalition soldiers strongly desire to see more troops from other nations share the work of occupation.](/news/2003/09/3/occupation-of-iraq-poland-assumes-a-position-in-postwar-iraq-the-coalition-in-iraq-hands-over-the-south-central-part-of-the-country-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: Nine rebels in north Iraq are killed. Coalition troops kill nine guerrillas, the biggest toll for more than a month, in scattered action over northern Iraq in the past 24 hours. Major Josslyn Aberle states "The enemy are becoming more desperate as we pursue them."](/news/2003/09/25/occupation-of-iraq-nine-rebels-in-north-iraq-are-killed-coalition-troops-kill-nine-guerrillas-the-biggest-toll-for-more-than-a-month-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ Iraq: A car bomb explodes near the headquarters of Coalition trained police in Baghdad, killing an Iraqi police officer and wounding up to 10 bystanders.url=http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2003/02/24/iraq/main541815.shtml PM Appeals For Reconciliation February 2003 publisher= October 2015 Observers saw the incident as an attempt to destabilize the new Iraqi governing body. (See 2003 occupation of Iraq timeline)](/news/2003/09/2/iraq-a-car-bomb-explodes-near-the-headquarters-of-coalition-trained-police-in-baghdad-killing-an-iraqi-police-officer-and-wounding-up-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
