### [2004-06-2](/news/2004/06/2/index.md)

#  In a speech given at the United States Air Force Academy, President Bush compares the present War on Terrorism in the Middle East to World War&nbsp;II in Europe. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://apnews.myway.com/article/20040602/D82V24301.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3771401.stm)

### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: In the first such act since World War&nbsp;II, US President George W. Bush signs an executive order allowing military tribunals against any foreigners suspected of having connections to terrorist acts or planned acts on the United States.](/news/2001/11/13/war-on-terrorism-in-the-first-such-act-since-world-war-nbsp-ii-us-president-george-w-bush-signs-an-executive-order-allowing-military-tri.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism, World War&nbsp;II_
2. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Middle East_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush arrives at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Santiago de Chile for talks with China and other nations. The summit's agenda includes nuclear proliferation and new free trade agreements, particularly on agriculture. Bush hopes to revive six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear program and promote the "War on Terrorism". The Chinese delegation ask Bush to take "all measures necessary" to halt the slide in value of the U.S. dollar. About 40,000 people protest against the summit, Bush, the war in Iraq, and globalization; they are blocked by Chilean police with tear gas and water cannon. ](/news/2004/11/19/u-s-president-george-w-bush-arrives-at-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-summit-in-santiago-de-chile-for-talks-with-china-and-other-n.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
4. [ In an open letter to Tony Blair, 52 former high ranking British diplomats, including former ambassadors to Iraq and Israel, condemn the Prime Minister's foreign policy stance in the Middle East as "doomed to failure" and also condemn George W. Bush's recent endorsement of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip while leaving some in the West Bank as "one-sided and illegal and which will cost yet more Israeli and Palestinian blood."](/news/2004/04/26/in-an-open-letter-to-tony-blair-52-former-high-ranking-british-diplomats-including-former-ambassadors-to-iraq-and-israel-condemn-the-pri.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Middle East_
5. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Middle East, War on Terrorism_
6. [ The United States will focus its foreign policy on bringing democracy to all peoples of the Middle East. In a major policy speech, US President George W. Bush states that some states people of the region should have responsible democratic leaders, announcing a new American "forward strategy of freedom in the Middle East." Bush states a failure to establish democracy in Iraq would embolden terrorists around the world, increase the danger to the US, and extinguish the hopes of millions in the region. "Our commitment to democracy is being tested in the Middle East," Bush states. He describes democratic reforms in the region as the next great turning point and blames decades of post-colonial Western foreign policy for allowing the many dictatorships and violent theocracies to develop. "As long as the Middle East remains a place where freedom does not flourish," Bush states, "it will remain a place of stagnation, resentment and violence ready for export. And with the spread of weapons that can bring catastrophic harm to our country and to our friends, it would be reckless to accept the status quo."](/news/2003/11/6/the-united-states-will-focus-its-foreign-policy-on-bringing-democracy-to-all-peoples-of-the-middle-east-in-a-major-policy-speech-us-presi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Middle East_
7. [ General Wesley Clark suggests that members of the Bush administration may be liable to criminal charges in connection with the Iraq war. Clark alleges that the plans for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and other interventions in the Middle East (possibly including Lebanon and Syria), pre-dated the inauguration of the President and that the reasons for the war were misleadingly presented to the US people.](/news/2003/10/3/general-wesley-clark-suggests-that-members-of-the-bush-administration-may-be-liable-to-criminal-charges-in-connection-with-the-iraq-war-cl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Middle East_
8. [ Leaders of Pacific-rim nations gather in Bangkok ahead of the 11th Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) conference. President George W. Bush arrives in Thailand ahead of an APEC summit of 21 Asia-Pacific government leaders which is likely to be dominated by discussions of the War on Terrorism and trade friction between rich and poor nations (trade and currency).](/news/2003/10/18/leaders-of-pacific-rim-nations-gather-in-bangkok-ahead-of-the-11th-asian-pacific-economic-cooperation-apec-conference-president-george-w.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
9. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
10. [ War on Terrorism: President of the United States George W. Bush announces a freeze on the assets of the Palestinian militant leaders of Hamas and organizations financially supporting the "terrorist organization". The action is taken because Hamas officially claims responsibility for the act of terror on August 19.](/news/2003/08/22/war-on-terrorism-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-announces-a-freeze-on-the-assets-of-the-palestinian-militant-leaders-of-ham.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
