### [2011-04-24](/news/2011/04/24/index.md)

# In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. 

Senior Liberal Democrat minister Chris Huhne threatens legal action over &quot;untruths&quot; told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13181756)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
2. [Voters go to the polls in the Eastleigh by-election following the resignation of former UK Cabinet Minister Chris Huhne with Liberal Democrat candidate Mike Thornton retaining the seat for his party. ](/news/2013/02/28/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-eastleigh-by-election-following-the-resignation-of-former-uk-cabinet-minister-chris-huhne-with-liberal-democra.md) _Context: Chris Huhne, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
3. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
4. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
5. [British Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable launches a fierce attack on the tactics of his party's  Conservative coalition partners as "ruthless, calculating and very tribal" for the way they conducted themselves in the Alternative Vote referendum. ](/news/2011/05/7/british-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-launches-a-fierce-attack-on-the-tactics-of-his-party-s-conservative-coalition-partners.md) _Context: Alternative Vote referendum, Conservative, Liberal Democrats_
6. [British electionsVoters in the United Kingdom go to the polls for a referendum on whether to use the alternative vote electoral system for the House of Commons. ](/news/2011/05/5/british-electionspvoters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-use-the-alternative-vote-electoral-system-for.md) _Context: Alternative Vote referendum, United Kingdom, alternative voting_
7. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
8. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
9. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
10. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative, United Kingdom_
