### [2011-04-24](/news/2011/04/24/index.md)

# Vanuatu Prime Minister Sato Kilman is ousted in a vote of no confidence. Serge Vohor becomes the new Prime Minister of Vanuatu. 




### Related:

1. [Vanuatu Prime Minister Edward Natapei is ousted in a vote of no confidence while traveling en route to Cancun, Mexico. Sato Kilman becomes Prime Minister. ](/news/2010/12/2/vanuatu-prime-minister-edward-natapei-is-ousted-in-a-vote-of-no-confidence-while-traveling-en-route-to-cancun-mexico-sato-kilman-becomes-p.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Sato Kilman, Vanuatu, vote of no confidence_
2. [A dozen members of the Australian Federal Police are expelled from Vanuatu, following a diplomatic row over the arrest of the Prime Minister of Vanuatu's private secretary in Australia last month. ](/news/2012/05/10/a-dozen-members-of-the-australian-federal-police-are-expelled-from-vanuatu-following-a-diplomatic-row-over-the-arrest-of-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Vanuatu_
3. [ Edward Natapei is elected the new Prime Minister of Vanuatu following the 2008 general elections replacing Ham Lini. ](/news/2008/09/22/edward-natapei-is-elected-the-new-prime-minister-of-vanuatu-following-the-2008-general-elections-replacing-ham-lini.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Vanuatu_
4. [2016-17 South Pacific cyclone season: Severe Tropical Cyclone Donna is upgraded to a Category Four, and continues to damage houses and infrastructure in the north of Vanuatu, particularly in Torba Province. ](/news/2017/05/6/2016-17-south-pacific-cyclone-season-severe-tropical-cyclone-donna-is-upgraded-to-a-category-four-and-continues-to-damage-houses-and-inf.md) _Context: Vanuatu_
5. [2016-17 South Pacific cyclone season: Dozens of people in Vanuatu are in shelters as Cyclone Cook hits the island. It is due to pass through New Caledonia tomorrow. ](/news/2017/04/9/2016-17-south-pacific-cyclone-season-dozens-of-people-in-vanuatu-are-in-shelters-as-cyclone-cook-hits-the-island-it-is-due-to-pass-throu.md) _Context: Vanuatu_
6. [A 5.7 magnitude earthquake strikes 250 kilometers (155 miles) northwest of the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu. No immediate report of damages or injuries; no tsunami warning has been issued. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-5-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-250-kilometers-155-miles-northwest-of-the-pacific-island-nation-of-vanuatu-no-immediate-report-of-dama.md) _Context: Vanuatu_
7. [Another earthquake measuring at 6.7 strikes off the northwest of Vanuatu, the third earthquake in the same region this week. However, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says the earthquake poses no tsunami threat. ](/news/2016/04/7/another-earthquake-measuring-at-6-7-strikes-off-the-northwest-of-vanuatu-the-third-earthquake-in-the-same-region-this-week-however-the-pa.md) _Context: Vanuatu_
8. [A 6.9 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of Vanuatu with a tsunami warning issued. ](/news/2016/04/3/a-6-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-vanuatu-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued.md) _Context: Vanuatu_
9. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of the Vanuatu island of Malakula, prompting the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) to issue a tsunami warning for the coasts of New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, which was later cancelled. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-hits-off-the-coast-of-the-vanuatu-island-of-malakula-prompting-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-ptwc-to-issu.md) _Context: Vanuatu_
10. [Charlot Salwai is elected Prime Minister of Vanuatu following the January snap election. Salwai takes office the same day. ](/news/2016/02/11/charlot-salwai-is-elected-prime-minister-of-vanuatu-following-the-january-snap-election-salwai-takes-office-the-same-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu_
