### [2005-03-24](/news/2005/03/24/index.md)

#  The "Washington Post" claims to have obtained documents indicating that "ghosting", the use of Army prisons in Iraq by the CIA to hold unregistered inmates, is "systematic and known to three senior intelligence officials", contradicting earlier claims by the Army that such incidences were rare and ad hoc. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61206-2005Mar23.html)

### Related:

1. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: CIA, Iraq_
2. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: CIA, Iraq_
3. [ WMD: An early draft of an interim report by the inspectors for banned weapons in Iraq says his team has not found any of the unconventional weapons cited by President George W. Bush as a principal reason for going to war. CIA stresses report is not final and inspectors are still getting data.](/news/2003/09/25/wmd-an-early-draft-of-an-interim-report-by-the-inspectors-for-banned-weapons-in-iraq-says-his-team-has-not-found-any-of-the-unconventional.md) _Context: CIA, Iraq_
4. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: CIA, Iraq_
5. [ United States military officials anonymously confirm to the Washington Post that two Special Forces units have been operating on the ground inside Iraq for over a month, making preliminary preparations for a large-scale invasion.](/news/2003/02/13/united-states-military-officials-anonymously-confirm-to-the-washington-post-that-two-special-forces-units-have-been-operating-on-the-ground.md) _Context: Iraq, Washington Post_
6. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
