### [2005-03-24](/news/2005/03/24/index.md)

#  The World Health Organization states that tuberculosis cases in some African countries have tripled since 1990. There are also resistant strains of tuberculosis in Russia. 

Keep your mind and body sharp with the latest health and fitness news and information from Reuters.com.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/4375179.stm)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/rian/index.cfm?prd_id=160&msg_id=5474027&startrow=1&date=2005-03-24&do_alert=0)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=healthNews&storyID=7989846)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death-d.md) _Context: World Health Organization, tuberculosis_
2. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
3. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
5. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak. Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
6. [Zika virus outbreak. The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/zika-virus-outbreak-the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-b.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-alread.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [The World Health Organization (WHO) states that 92% of the world's population lives in air pollution levels surpassing the organization's limits. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-world-health-organization-who-states-that-92-of-the-world-s-population-lives-in-air-pollution-levels-surpassing-the-organization-s-li.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
