### [2003-09-19](/news/2003/09/19/index.md)

#  Email virus: Email users are swamped by a new fast-spreading computer virus circulating through email that purports to be security software from Microsoft, but actually tries to disable security programs that are already running. The worm, dubbed "Swen" or "Gibe", takes advantage of a two-year-old hole in Internet Explorer and affects systems that have not installed a patch for that security hole.




### Related:

1. [Microsoft announces a major vulnerability in Internet Explorer versions 6 to 11 that could enable hackers to gain access and user rights to its customers' computers. ](/news/2014/04/28/microsoft-announces-a-major-vulnerability-in-internet-explorer-versions-6-to-11-that-could-enable-hackers-to-gain-access-and-user-rights-to.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
2. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
3. [The German government asks its citizens to stop using Microsoft's web browser Internet Explorer to protect their own security. ](/news/2010/01/16/the-german-government-asks-its-citizens-to-stop-using-microsoft-s-web-browser-internet-explorer-to-protect-their-own-security.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
4. [ Microsoft Corporation released version 7 of its Internet Explorer internet browser software.](/news/2006/10/18/microsoft-corporation-released-version-7-of-its-internet-explorer-internet-browser-software.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
5. [ Microsoft announces its intentions to release Internet Explorer version 7.0. This is seen by some as a response to the growing popularity of the Mozilla Firefox browser. ](/news/2005/02/15/microsoft-announces-its-intentions-to-release-internet-explorer-version-7-0-this-is-seen-by-some-as-a-response-to-the-growing-popularity-o.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
6. [ Computer criminals place malicious JavaScript on major bank and corporate websites, such that Internet Explorer for Windows users merely viewing the pages in question are infected with Download.ject. Microsoft has yet to issue a patch for the browser.](/news/2004/06/24/computer-criminals-place-malicious-javascript-on-major-bank-and-corporate-websites-such-that-internet-explorer-for-windows-users-merely-vi.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
7. [ Computer security: German authorities arrest an 18-year-old high school student on suspicion that he is responsible for creating the Sasser worm, which has infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide by exploiting a flaw in the Windows 2000 and Windows XP operating systems. According to CNET, a US$5 million reward from Microsoft was instrumental in leading investigators to the suspect. ](/news/2004/05/8/computer-security-german-authorities-arrest-an-18-year-old-high-school-student-on-suspicion-that-he-is-responsible-for-creating-the-sasser.md) _Context: Computer security, Microsoft_
8. [ Microsoft contributes $500,000 to fund the search of computer viruses and other malicious code writers, starting with the MSBlast computer worm and the Sobig virus originators. Microsoft will be working with law enforcement agencies (FBI, the Secret Service, and Interpol) in the search. The initiative marks the latest move by Microsoft and law enforcement to curtail attacks that plague the Internet.](/news/2003/11/5/microsoft-contributes-500-000-to-fund-the-search-of-computer-viruses-and-other-malicious-code-writers-starting-with-the-msblast-computer.md) _Context: Microsoft, computer virus_
9. [ Microsoft has decided to appeal a verdict to pay $520.6 million from a Chicago federal jury that affirms the Internet Explorer web browser violated Intellectual Property rights of Eolas Technologies (concerning Patent US 5838906).](/news/2003/08/12/microsoft-has-decided-to-appeal-a-verdict-to-pay-520-6-million-from-a-chicago-federal-jury-that-affirms-the-internet-explorer-web-browser.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
10. [ Computer virus Bugbear.b spreads worldwide on computer systems running Microsoft Windows by infecting email attachments.](/news/2003/06/5/computer-virus-bugbear-b-spreads-worldwide-on-computer-systems-running-microsoft-windows-by-infecting-email-attachments.md) _Context: Microsoft, computer virus_
