### [2003-09-19](/news/2003/09/19/index.md)

#  Nuclear Weapons: Secretary of the Guardian Council Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a leading hardline Iranian cleric, calls for Iran to withdrawal from Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty because of the compliance protocols referred to by the International Atomic Energy Agency and not consent to unfettered inspections of its nuclear facilities. "The treaty has been denounced by a number of countries. Although Iran has inked the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, it is free to withdraw from it anytime". "North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. Many countries have not even signed it. It would have been better if Iran had not signed it."




### Related:

1. [ The Arab League submits a draft resolution to the annual General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency which calls on Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to open up its nuclear program to inspections by the United Nations. Israel's nuclear weapons program is believed have developed 100 to 200 nuclear warheads, but officially maintains a policy of "nuclear ambiguity" with support from the United States. The move by Arab nations comes in response to a Friday IAEA resolution submitted by Australia, Canada and Japan and lobbied for by the United States which asked Iran for "accelerated cooperation" and set an October 31 deadline for the country to disclose any attempts to acquire nuclear weapons.](/news/2003/09/17/the-arab-league-submits-a-draft-resolution-to-the-annual-general-conference-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-which-calls-on-israel.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, nuclear weapon_
2. [ North Korea denies reports by British newspapers that it is helping Iran prepare to test an atomic bomb. ](/news/2007/01/27/north-korea-denies-reports-by-british-newspapers-that-it-is-helping-iran-prepare-to-test-an-atomic-bomb.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
3. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), states there is no evidence to suggest Iran is developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2005/02/16/mohamed-elbaradei-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-states-there-is-no-evidence-to-suggest-iran-is-developing-nuclear.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
4. [ Iran has informed the International Atomic Energy Agency that it plans to convert 37 tons (33,600 kg) of yellowcake uranium into uranium hexafluoride&mdash;estimated to be enough for five nuclear weapons. ](/news/2004/09/1/iran-has-informed-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-that-it-plans-to-convert-37-tons-33-600-kg-of-yellowcake-uranium-into-uranium-he.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
5. [ U.S. intelligence officials and non-government experts conclude that diplomatic efforts to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons to Iran and North Korea have failed to slow their weapons development programs.](/news/2004/08/8/u-s-intelligence-officials-and-non-government-experts-conclude-that-diplomatic-efforts-to-prevent-the-proliferation-of-nuclear-weapons-to.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
6. [ Pakistan is cited as the source of nuclear weapon technology supplied to Libya, Iran and North Korea. The components intercepted at sea by Italy en route to Libya were fabricated in Malaysia. There is no evidence that the Pakistani government of President Pervez Musharraf knew about the transfer of technology of Libya.url=http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=107214  News, Abu Dhabi News, UAE News and International News from GulfNews.com - plus Gold rates, sport scores, city guides, prayer times, Dubai financial data, weather forecasts and more .com  ](/news/2004/01/6/pakistan-is-cited-as-the-source-of-nuclear-weapon-technology-supplied-to-libya-iran-and-north-korea-the-components-intercepted-at-sea-by.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
7. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
8. [ Nuclear Weapons: Iran remains defiant about nuclear program. Iran states it will not give up its nuclear program (including uranium enrichment). The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) have given Iran until October 31 to prove it has no secret nuclear arms program and told it to halt enrichment activities. Iran states international pressure will not deter its nuclear plans.](/news/2003/09/28/nuclear-weapons-iran-remains-defiant-about-nuclear-program-iran-states-it-will-not-give-up-its-nuclear-program-including-uranium-enrichm.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, nuclear weapon_
9. [ North Korea and Iran are planning to form an alliance to develop long-range ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads. Under the plan, North Korea will transport missile parts to Iran for assembly at a plant near Tehran, Iran.](/news/2003/08/6/north-korea-and-iran-are-planning-to-form-an-alliance-to-develop-long-range-ballistic-missiles-with-nuclear-warheads-under-the-plan-north.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
10. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear weapon_
