### [2016-02-26](/news/2016/02/26/index.md)

#  Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. 

Pregnant women should consider not traveling to the 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil due to the risk of Zika virus infection, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [CDC](http://wwwnc.cdc.gov/travel/notices/alert/2016-summer-olympics-rio)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-zika-olympics-idUSKCN0VZ32K)

### Related:

1. [Zika virus epidemic. More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Brazil, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Olympics, Zika virus_
2. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Paralympics, Brazil, Olympics_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
4. [Zika virus outbreak (2015 - present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
5. [ Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-unit.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
6. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Brazil, Olympics_
7. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
8. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says evidence strongly suggests sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoin.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
9. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating 14 cases where the Zika virus may have been sexually transmitted. ](/news/2016/02/23/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-investigating-14-cases-where-the-zika.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
10. [Brazil Zika virus outbreak (2015 - present). The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warns pregnant women against visiting 14 countries and territories in South America, Central America and the Caribbean due to the Zika virus outbreak. ](/news/2016/01/15/brazil-zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-us-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-warns-pregnant-women-against-visiting-14-coun.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
