### [2016-02-26](/news/2016/02/26/index.md)

# Dow Chemical agrees to pay $835 million to settle a decade-long, price-fixing, class-action dispute. Dow states that the uncertainty about the U.S. Supreme Court makeup following Justice Antonin Scalia's death means there is an "increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits." The urethane chemicals case, from 2005, was against a number of companies; Dow had been the only defendant not to settle. 

Dow Chemical Co. agreed to pay US$835 million to settle a decade-long lawsuit on price fixing, saying it had less chance of winning its petition at the Supreme Court after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Winnipeg Sun](http://www.winnipegsun.com/2016/02/26/dow-chemical-settles-price-fixing-case)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-classactions-idUSKCN0VZ2TF)

### Related:

1. [MasterCard. A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: class action_
2. [Germany's BASF SE, the largest chemical producer in the world, is pursuing a counterbid for DuPont that could short circuit the Delaware-based company's announced merger with fellow American firm, Dow Chemical Company. ](/news/2016/03/7/germany-s-basf-se-the-largest-chemical-producer-in-the-world-is-pursuing-a-counterbid-for-dupont-that-could-short-circuit-the-delaware-bas.md) _Context: Dow Chemical Company_
3. [Apple Inc. must pay the $450 million July 2014 settlement in a price fixing case since the U.S. Supreme Court will not hear its appeal of the June 2015 Court of Appeals ruling that it played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices. ](/news/2016/03/7/apple-inc-must-pay-the-450-million-july-2014-settlement-in-a-price-fixing-case-since-the-u-s-supreme-court-will-not-hear-its-appeal-of-th.md) _Context: price fixing_
4. [The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-2 ruling written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, upholds the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' $5.8 million class action judgment against Tyson Foods Incorporated filed by workers at an Iowa pork-processing facility who contended they were underpaid. ](/news/2016/03/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-written-by-justice-anthony-kennedy-upholds-the-8th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-5-8-mil.md) _Context: class action_
5. [Barack Obama Supreme Court candidates. President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2016/03/16/barack-obama-supreme-court-candidates-president-barack-obama-nominates-merrick-garland-to-replace-antonin-scalia-on-the-supreme-court-of-th.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia_
6. [United States Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia dies at age 79. ](/news/2016/02/13/united-states-supreme-court-justice-antonin-scalia-dies-at-age-79.md) _Context: Antonin Scalia_
7. [American chemical giant DuPont announces that, in early 2016, it will cut 1,700 jobs in Delaware, about 28 percent of its home state workforce, and thousands more globally in connection as a result of the Dow Chemical Company merger. ](/news/2015/12/29/american-chemical-giant-dupont-announces-that-in-early-2016-it-will-cut-1-700-jobs-in-delaware-about-28-percent-of-its-home-state-workfor.md) _Context: Dow Chemical Company_
8. [Two of the U.S.-s oldest and largest companies, DuPont and Dow Chemical Company, will merge in an all-stock deal valued at $130 billion. The deal, which includes future plans for DowDuPont to split into three independent, public companies, is expected to face intense scrutiny from federal antitrust regulators, who will examine the impact on prices and the availability of vital seeds and herbicides.](/news/2015/12/11/two-of-the-u-s-s-oldest-and-largest-companies-dupont-and-dow-chemical-company-will-merge-in-an-all-stock-deal-valued-at-130-billion-t.md) _Context: Dow Chemical Company_
9. [The United States Department of Justice begins an investigation into whether US airlines entered into collusion to illegally keep ticket prices high. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-united-states-department-of-justice-begins-an-investigation-into-whether-us-airlines-entered-into-collusion-to-illegally-keep-ticket-pri.md) _Context: price fixing_
10. [Cadbury Adams Canada Inc., Hershey Canada Inc., Nestle Canada Inc. and Mars Canada Inc., as well as distributor ITWAL Limited agree to pay more than CAD$23 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging price-fixing and price maintenance in the Canadian market.](/news/2013/09/16/cadbury-adams-canada-inc-hershey-canada-inc-nestla-c-canada-inc-and-mars-canada-inc-as-well-as-distributor-itwal-limited-agree-to-pay.md) _Context: price fixing_
