### [2016-02-26](/news/2016/02/26/index.md)

# Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. 

Gianni Infantino polls the most votes in round one of the Fifa presidential election but fails to secure enough for victory.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/sports/sportsnow/la-sp-sn-fifa-election-20160226-story.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/35654894)

### Related:

1. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: FIFA, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
2. [FIFA President Sepp Blatter fears being plunged into "a black hole" if AFC President Mohammed Bin Hammam defeats him in next month's leadership election. ](/news/2011/05/13/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-fears-being-plunged-into-a-black-hole-if-afc-president-mohammed-bin-hammam-defeats-him-in-next-month-s-leaders.md) _Context: FIFA, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
3. [President of FIFA Sepp Blatter says that FIFA is investigating reports that members of the North Korea national football team have been publicly humiliated and the coach Kim Jong-Hun sentenced to hard labour following a poor performance in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/08/11/president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter-says-that-fifa-is-investigating-reports-that-members-of-the-north-korea-national-football-team-have-been-publ.md) _Context: FIFA, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
4. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
5. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
6. [President of FIFA Gianni Infantino says a new independent committee will be set up to monitor working conditions at Qatar's 2022 World Cup venues. The move is an attempt by the world football's governing body to ease fears of human rights abuses in the state, where organizations like Amnesty International documented multiple cases of poor working conditions and abuses against migrant workers. ](/news/2016/04/22/president-of-fifa-gianni-infantino-says-a-new-independent-committee-will-be-set-up-to-monitor-working-conditions-at-qatar-s-2022-world-cup-v.md) _Context: Gianni Infantino, President of FIFA_
7. [Lawyers for former FIFA chief Sepp Blatter confirm that he will appeal his eight year ban from the organisation. ](/news/2016/01/10/lawyers-for-former-fifa-chief-sepp-blatter-confirm-that-he-will-appeal-his-eight-year-ban-from-the-organisation.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
8. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: FIFA, Zürich_
9. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
10. [Sepp Blatter announces that he will resign as President of FIFA as a result of the corruption scandals with an emergency congress to be called as soon as possible. ](/news/2015/06/2/sepp-blatter-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-president-of-fifa-as-a-result-of-the-corruption-scandals-with-an-emergency-congress-to-be-call.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
