### [2016-02-26](/news/2016/02/26/index.md)

# Seven Libyan National Army soldiers are killed fighting ISIL militants in Benghazi. 

Seven soldiers were killed on Friday in clashes with Islamist militants in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, where military forces are pressing to consolidate recent gains, an army commander said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-libya-security-idUKKCN0VZ2V5)

### Related:

1. [Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-benghazi-from-ansar-al-sharia.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
2. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
3. [The Libyan National Army says it has taken control of the town of Ajdabiya and several areas of Benghazi following heavy clashes with Islamist militant groups. ](/news/2016/02/21/the-libyan-national-army-says-it-has-taken-control-of-the-town-of-ajdabiya-and-several-areas-of-benghazi-following-heavy-clashes-with-islami.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
4. [The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-rises-to-140-people.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Libyan National Army_
5. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: ISIL, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in  Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in-sabratha-libya-he-also-confirms.md) _Context: ISIL, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [A Libyan Air Force MiG-23 fighter jet crashes due to a "mechanical failure", while conducting airstrikes on Islamic State-controlled areas in the eastern city of Derna. ](/news/2016/02/8/a-libyan-air-force-mig-23-fighter-jet-crashes-due-to-a-mechanical-failure-while-conducting-airstrikes-on-islamic-state-controlled-areas-i.md) _Context: ISIL, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Two Serbian embassy staff abducted in Libya in November 2015 are believed to have been among dozens killed in yesterday's U.S. airstrike on a ISIL camp in Sabratha, according to Serbia's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic. ](/news/2016/02/20/two-serbian-embassy-staff-abducted-in-libya-in-november-2015-are-believed-to-have-been-among-dozens-killed-in-yesterday-s-u-s-airstrike-on.md) _Context: ISIL, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [A Libyan Air Force MiG-23 is shot down over the city of Benghazi as it conducted airstrikes on Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries positions in the coastal city. A Tobruk-based military source said the pilot survived having parachuted to safety, but his whereabouts were not immediately clear. ](/news/2016/02/12/a-libyan-air-force-mig-23-is-shot-down-over-the-city-of-benghazi-as-it-conducted-airstrikes-on-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-pos.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
