### [2016-02-26](/news/2016/02/26/index.md)

#  The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. 

Officials at the University of California Berkeley said on Friday that they were alerting 80,000 people, including current and former students, faculty and vendors of a cyber attack on a system that stores social security and bank account numbers.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-sanfrancisco-cyber-idUSKCN0VZ2RL)

### Related:

1. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: Social Security, hackers_
2. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: cyber-attack_
3. [Russia-United States relations: Democratic National Committee cyber attacks: The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/russia-united-states-relations-democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-governm.md) _Context: cyber-attack_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: hackers_
5. [Bangladesh Bank money laundering case: Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers installed malware in the bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladesh-bank-money-laundering-case-bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-la.md) _Context: hackers_
6. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
7. ["Smart Sheriff", the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-serio.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [Hackers steal the personal information of about 15 million T-Mobile US customers and applicants. The breach is at a unit of the credit agency Experian. ](/news/2015/10/2/hackers-steal-the-personal-information-of-about-15-million-t-mobile-us-customers-and-applicants-the-breach-is-at-a-unit-of-the-credit-agenc.md) _Context: hackers_
9. [Apple's iOS App Store suffers its first major cyber attack. ](/news/2015/09/20/apple-s-ios-app-store-suffers-its-first-major-cyber-attack.md) _Context: cyber-attack_
10. [Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the "Washington Post" claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. ](/news/2015/06/4/associated-press-reports-that-there-has-been-a-massive-hack-from-the-american-office-of-personnel-management-and-us-department-of-the-interi.md) _Context: hackers_
