### [2016-02-26](/news/2016/02/26/index.md)

# Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/breaking-news/irish-pm-falls-short-of-re-election-poll/news-story/5d8bcce66c6034fb885adda129d3d16e?from=public_rss)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35652423)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Irish general election, 2016_
2. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Ireland_
3. [Fine Gael and Fianna Fail agree to the formation of a Fine Gael-led government. ](/news/2016/04/29/fine-gael-and-fianna-fa-il-agree-to-the-formation-of-a-fine-gael-led-government.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Irish general election, 2016_
4. [Voters in Ireland will go to the polls on February 26 after the President dissolves the current Dail or parliament. ](/news/2016/02/3/voters-in-ireland-will-go-to-the-polls-on-february-26-after-the-president-dissolves-the-current-dail-or-parliament.md) _Context: Ireland, Irish general election, 2016_
5. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland_
6. [Ireland's Fine Gael food and farming minister Shane McEntee kills himself 2 days after his 56th birthday, triggering a by-election in Meath East. ](/news/2012/12/21/ireland-s-fine-gael-food-and-farming-minister-shane-mcentee-kills-himself-2-days-after-his-56th-birthday-triggering-a-by-election-in-meath.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland_
7. [Ireland's Minister of State for Primary Care Risn Shortall resigns due to a dispute with Minister for Health James Reilly. She also resigns from the Labour Party. ](/news/2012/09/26/ireland-s-minister-of-state-for-primary-care-roisin-shortall-resigns-due-to-a-dispute-with-minister-for-health-james-reilly-she-also-resign.md) _Context: Ireland, Labour Party_
8. [In the Republic of Ireland government figures indicate less than half of the country's households have paid the household charge by today's deadline as thousands of people march on the governing Fine Gael party's annual conference at the Convention Centre Dublin. ](/news/2012/03/31/in-the-republic-of-ireland-government-figures-indicate-less-than-half-of-the-country-s-households-have-paid-the-household-charge-by-today-s.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland_
9. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland_
10. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Ireland_
