### [2004-01-28](/news/2004/01/28/index.md)

#  David Kay testifies before a United States Senate committee stating that evidence of weapons of mass destruction was based on inaccurate intelligence. "I believe that the effort that has been directed to this point has been sufficiently intense that it is highly unlikely that there were large stockpiles of deployed, militarized chemical weapons there" and, even if Iraq did not have weapons stockpiles, this does not mean that nation was not dangerous. Kay urges for an inquiry into the intelligence failure and states that the United States needed better intelligence.




### Related:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
2. [ The United States Senate fails to pass a bill providing more home leave to United States troops in Iraq with the necessary 60 percent margin with 56 for and 44 against. ](/news/2007/09/19/the-united-states-senate-fails-to-pass-a-bill-providing-more-home-leave-to-united-states-troops-in-iraq-with-the-necessary-60-percent-margi.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
3. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
4. [ The United States Senate states there is no evidence of formal links between Iraqi ex-leader Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda leaders in Iraq prior to the 2003 Iraq War. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-united-states-senate-states-there-is-no-evidence-of-formal-links-between-iraqi-ex-leader-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-leaders-in-iraq-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush says that the decision to invade Iraq in 2003 was the result of faulty intelligence, and accepts responsibility for that decision. He maintains that his decision was still justified. ](/news/2005/12/14/u-s-president-george-w-bush-says-that-the-decision-to-invade-iraq-in-2003-was-the-result-of-faulty-intelligence-and-accepts-responsibili.md) _Context: Iraq, intelligence_
6. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
7. [ A United States Senate probe releases evidence showing two prominent British and French politicians received vouchers for millions of barrels of Iraqi oil in exchange for their support of Saddam Hussein's regime. George Galloway is accused of using the Mariam Appeal, the children's leukemia charity he founded, to conceal the transfer of 3 million barrels of oil, although he denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-united-states-senate-probe-releases-evidence-showing-two-prominent-british-and-french-politicians-received-vouchers-for-millions-of-barre.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
8. [ The final report of the US Senate Intelligence Committee states that the Central Intelligence Agency described the danger presented by weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in an unreasonable way, largely unsupported by the available intelligence. ](/news/2004/07/9/the-final-report-of-the-us-senate-intelligence-committee-states-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-described-the-danger-presented-by-weap.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
9. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
10. [ The United States Senate votes (95-3) to approve John Negroponte as the head of the new U.S. embassy in Iraq despite concerns over his role in allegedly supporting widespread campaigns of terror and human rights abuses as ambassador of Honduras in the 1980s. ](/news/2004/05/6/the-united-states-senate-votes-95a3-to-approve-john-negroponte-as-the-head-of-the-new-u-s-embassy-in-iraq-despite-concerns-over-his-ro.md) _Context: Iraq, United States Senate_
