### [2004-01-28](/news/2004/01/28/index.md)

#  The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.




### Related:

1. [ Hutton Inquiry: Reporter Andrew Gilligan resigns from the BBC in the continuing fallout of the publication of Lord Hutton's report into the circumstances of the death of Dr David Kelly. This follows the earlier resignation of the Director-General Greg Dyke and chairman of the Board of Governors Gavyn Davies.](/news/2004/01/30/hutton-inquiry-reporter-andrew-gilligan-resigns-from-the-bbc-in-the-continuing-fallout-of-the-publication-of-lord-hutton-s-report-into-the.md) _Context: Andrew Gilligan, BBC, Gavyn Davies, Hutton Inquiry_
2. [ Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair states in an interview that he would have gone to war in Iraq even if he had known that it had no weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2009/12/13/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-states-in-an-interview-that-he-would-have-gone-to-war-in-iraq-even-if-he-had-known-that-it-had-no.md) _Context: Iraq, Tony Blair, weapons of mass destruction_
3. [ Anti-war campaigners criticised British Prime Minister Tony Blair after he suggested his decision to go to war in Iraq would ultimately be judged by God. ](/news/2006/03/4/anti-war-campaigners-criticised-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-after-he-suggested-his-decision-to-go-to-war-in-iraq-would-ultimately-be.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
4. [ The British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith demands that Prime Minister Tony Blair apologise for the comments of his press secretary, Tom Kelly, in which Kelly compared Dr. David Kelly, the BBC source who took his own life after his identity was revealed by the Ministry of Defence, to the fictional "Walter Mitty" character.](/news/2003/08/10/the-british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-demands-that-prime-minister-tony-blair-apologise-for-the-comments-of-his-press-secr.md) _Context: BBC, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
5. [ The corpse of Dr. David Kelly is discovered, it appears that he committed suicide. Kelly was a British government advisor involved in the "September Dossier" investigation relating to the 2003 war on Iraq. Former Labour Junior Minister Glenda Jackson calls for Prime Minister Blair's resignation and a Mail on Sunday reporter asks, "Do you have blood on your hands. Prime Minister?" Blair refuses to comment, as does Communications Director Campbell.](/news/2003/07/18/the-corpse-of-dr-david-kelly-is-discovered-it-appears-that-he-committed-suicide-kelly-was-a-british-government-advisor-involved-in-the.md) _Context: David Christopher Kelly, Tony Blair, suicide_
6. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Iraq, Prime Minister_
7. [A BBC investigation determines that photographs circulating on social media sites allegedly covering the airstrikes on Gaza include photographs taken from conflicts in Iraq and Syria and are up to five years old. ](/news/2014/07/10/a-bbc-investigation-determines-that-photographs-circulating-on-social-media-sites-allegedly-covering-the-airstrikes-on-gaza-include-photogra.md) _Context: BBC, Iraq_
8. [Iraq War: Jeremy Paxman faces being punished by the BBC after being judged to have violated the corporation's strict impartiality rules by writing an article for "The Guardian" in which he stated that Tony Blair's "lies" had led Britain to war with Iraq. ](/news/2011/02/13/iraq-war-jeremy-paxman-faces-being-punished-by-the-bbc-after-being-judged-to-have-violated-the-corporation-s-strict-impartiality-rules-by-w.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
9. [Peter Hain reveals Nelson Mandela was "breathing fire" down a phone about Tony Blair's role in invading Iraq. ](/news/2010/09/13/peter-hain-reveals-nelson-mandela-was-breathing-fire-down-a-phone-about-tony-blair-s-role-in-invading-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Tony Blair_
10. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
