### [2007-07-25](/news/2007/07/25/index.md)

#  The Australian Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions reviews the case against Mohamed Haneef accused of giving material support to terrorism following concerns being raised about the strength of the case. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/national/dpp-reviews-haneef-case/2007/07/25/1185339065328.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions drops the charge of supporting a terrorist organization against Mohamed Haneef. [http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,22143906-2,00.html (News Limited)] Australian Federal Police admits all their main evidence against Haneef was wrong. ](/news/2007/07/27/the-commonwealth-director-of-public-prosecutions-drops-the-charge-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organization-against-mohamed-haneef-http-ww.md) _Context: Commonwealth, Director of Public Prosecutions, Mohamed Haneef_
2. [The UK's Director of Public Prosecutions is to review a 2009 decision by the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute Jimmy Savile over allegations of sexual abuse. ](/news/2012/10/24/the-uk-s-director-of-public-prosecutions-is-to-review-a-2009-decision-by-the-crown-prosecution-service-not-to-prosecute-jimmy-savile-over-al.md) _Context: Director of Public Prosecutions_
3. [Moriarty Tribunal:: The Moriarty Tribunal, which yesterday found former government minister Michael Lowry guilty "beyond doubt" of assisting billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal, is referred to the Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP). ](/news/2011/03/23/moriarty-tribunal-the-moriarty-tribunal-which-yesterday-found-former-government-minister-michael-lowry-guilty-beyond-doubt-of-assisting.md) _Context: Director of Public Prosecutions_
4. [ The Australian Government files appeal against court decision to set aside Indian doctor Mohamed Haneef visa cancellation. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-australian-government-files-appeal-against-court-decision-to-set-aside-indian-doctor-mohamed-haneef-visa-cancellation.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef_
5. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef wins his bid in the Federal Court to have his Australian work visa reinstated after Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews canceled it after Dr Haneef was charged with "providing material support to a terrorist organization." [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/21/2010804.htm (ABC News Australia)] Andrews later says the Australian government would appeal against the court ruling. ](/news/2007/08/21/dr-mohamed-haneef-wins-his-bid-in-the-federal-court-to-have-his-australian-work-visa-reinstated-after-immigration-minister-kevin-andrews-ca.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef_
6. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef_
7. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef, the Indian doctor freed in Australia of supporting terrorism, indicates that he would like to return to India as soon as possible. He later received clearance from the Australian Government to leave tonight. ](/news/2007/07/28/dr-mohamed-haneef-the-indian-doctor-freed-in-australia-of-supporting-terrorism-indicates-that-he-would-like-to-return-to-india-as-soon-as.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef_
8. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef_
9. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef_
