### [2007-07-25](/news/2007/07/25/index.md)

#  The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/07/25/house.contempt/)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives approves contempt of Congress citations against Harriet Miers and Joshua Bolten in the U.S. Attorneys controversy. ](/news/2008/02/14/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-contempt-of-congress-citations-against-harriet-miers-and-joshua-bolten-in-the-u-s-atto.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, Joshua Bolten, firings_
2. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
3. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
4. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, firings_
5. [ Alberto Gonzales, the Attorney General of the United States, acknowledges that mistakes were made in the handling of the firing of eight federal prosecutors. His top aide Kyle Sampson resigns for not advising other senior officials of the Department of Justice about discussions with former White House counsel Harriet Miers regarding the possible firings. ](/news/2007/03/13/alberto-gonzales-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-mistakes-were-made-in-the-handling-of-the-firing-of-eight-fe.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, White House, firings_
6. [ On the first day of the U.S. Supreme Court's fall term, President George W. Bush nominates White House Counsel Harriet Miers to fill the seat currently held by Sandra Day O'Connor. The nominee has no judicial experience. ](/news/2005/10/3/on-the-first-day-of-the-u-s-supreme-court-s-fall-term-president-george-w-bush-nominates-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-to-fill-the-se.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Harriet Miers, U.S. President_
7. [ The White House affirms that, despite reports to the contrary, John Snow will remain Treasury Secretary during President George W. Bush's second term of office. Meanwhile, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony Principi announces his expected resignation. ](/news/2004/12/8/the-white-house-affirms-that-despite-reports-to-the-contrary-john-snow-will-remain-treasury-secretary-during-president-george-w-bush-s-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush, speaking to business executives and economists at the White House, vows to push through big reforms to the Social Security program, including partial privatization of the state pension fund, during his second term. ](/news/2004/12/17/u-s-president-george-w-bush-speaking-to-business-executives-and-economists-at-the-white-house-vows-to-push-through-big-reforms-to-the-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
9. [ Americans commemorate the third anniversary of the September 11, 2001, attacks. U.S. President George Bush and First Lady Laura Bush observe a moment of silence on the South Lawn of the White House to officially begin the day of remembrance. ](/news/2004/09/11/americans-commemorate-the-third-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-attacks-u-s-president-george-bush-and-first-lady-laura-bush-observ.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
10. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
