### [2005-12-15](/news/2005/12/15/index.md)

#  Marwan Barghouti launches a new party called al-Mustaqbal (''The Future''), splitting from the Fatah movement in the Palestinian National Authority. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4530206.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [ Israel has begun releasing 250 Palestinian prisoners associated with Fatah. ](/news/2007/07/20/israel-has-begun-releasing-250-palestinian-prisoners-associated-with-fatah.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [ Jailed Palestinian Marwan Barghouti joins the race to succeed Yasser Arafat, bringing the total to 10 candidates, drawing criticism from Arafat's Fatah movement. ](/news/2004/12/1/jailed-palestinian-marwan-barghouti-joins-the-race-to-succeed-yasser-arafat-bringing-the-total-to-10-candidates-drawing-criticism-from-ar.md) _Context: Fatah, Marwan Barghouti_
5. [The Palestinian National Authority prepares to open an embassy in the Vatican City, just one day before a Palestinian peace conference in Paris. ](/news/2017/01/14/the-palestinian-national-authority-prepares-to-open-an-embassy-in-the-vatican-city-just-one-day-before-a-palestinian-peace-conference-in-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
6. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
7. [The Palestinian National Authority says it is planning to sue the United Kingdom over the 1917 Balfour Declaration. Palestinian Foreign Affairs Minister Riyad al-Maliki says the document led to mass Jewish immigration to British Mandatory Palestine, "at the expense of our Palestinian people". ](/news/2016/07/26/the-palestinian-national-authority-says-it-is-planning-to-sue-the-united-kingdom-over-the-1917-balfour-declaration-palestinian-foreign-affa.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
8. [The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-from-entering-the-west-bank-to-m.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
9. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah_
10. [Four additional Palestinians charged with collaborating with Israel are publicly executed outside of the Jabalia refugee camp by Hamas; the killings are denounced by the secretary-general of the PA, Tayeb Abdel Rahim, who compared them to ISIS. ](/news/2014/08/23/four-additional-palestinians-charged-with-collaborating-with-israel-are-publicly-executed-outside-of-the-jabalia-refugee-camp-by-hamas-the.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
