### [2005-12-15](/news/2005/12/15/index.md)

#  Marwan Barghouti launches a new party called al-Mustaqbal ("The Future"), splitting from the Fatah movement in the Palestinian National Authority. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4530206.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [ Israel has begun releasing 250 Palestinian prisoners associated with Fatah. ](/news/2007/07/20/israel-has-begun-releasing-250-palestinian-prisoners-associated-with-fatah.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [ Jailed Palestinian Marwan Barghouti joins the race to succeed Yasser Arafat, bringing the total to 10 candidates, drawing criticism from Arafat's Fatah movement. ](/news/2004/12/1/jailed-palestinian-marwan-barghouti-joins-the-race-to-succeed-yasser-arafat-bringing-the-total-to-10-candidates-drawing-criticism-from-ar.md) _Context: Fatah, Marwan Barghouti_
5. [ Palestinian Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti is sentenced to five life terms plus forty years by an Israeli court for his role in Palestinian terrorism. ](/news/2004/06/6/palestinian-fatah-leader-marwan-barghouti-is-sentenced-to-five-life-terms-plus-forty-years-by-an-israeli-court-for-his-role-in-palestinian.md) _Context: Fatah, Marwan Barghouti_
6. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades of Fatah claim responsibility for a suicide bombing aboard a city bus, in which Ali Yusuf Jaara, a member of the Palestinian police force, kills 10 Israelis and wounds more than 50, outside the Prime Minister's residence in Jerusalem. Simultaneously with the bombing, Shaul Mofaz, Israeli Defense Minister, is meeting with American envoys Wolfe and Sauterfield, who have requested an easing-up of conditions for the Palestinians. The explosion also coincides with a German-brokered prisoner swap between Israel and the Lebanese guerrilla group Hezbollah.](/news/2004/01/29/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-of-fatah-claim-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bombing-aboard-a-city-bus-in-which-ali-yusuf-jaara-a-member-of.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Fatah_
8. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Fatah_
9. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Fatah_
10. [The Palestinian National Authority prepares to open an embassy in the Vatican City, just one day before a Palestinian peace conference in Paris. ](/news/2017/01/14/the-palestinian-national-authority-prepares-to-open-an-embassy-in-the-vatican-city-just-one-day-before-a-palestinian-peace-conference-in-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
