### [2005-10-19](/news/2005/10/19/index.md)

#  Hurricane Wilma goes through one of the fastest and most amazing rapid intensification processes in hurricane history to become the third Category 5 storm of 2005. Its central pressure falls to 882 mb (hPa), becoming the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic. To date, the 2005 Atlantic Basin Hurricane Season has seen 21 storms of tropical storm strength or greater and 12 hurricanes, both of which tie the records set in 1933 and 1969, respectively. 




### Source:

1. [AP/YahooNews](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051019/ap_on_re_la_am_ca/hurricane_wilma_25)
2. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/190835.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ The World Meteorological Organization has announced the retirement of a record five storm names from the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Retired names include Dennis, Katrina, Rita, Stan and Wilma. ](/news/2006/04/6/the-world-meteorological-organization-has-announced-the-retirement-of-a-record-five-storm-names-from-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-re.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Wilma_
2. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to the status of a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-the-status-of-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane.md) _Context: Hurricane Wilma_
3. [ Tropical Storm Zeta continues activity in the Atlantic Ocean, becoming only the second North Atlantic tropical cyclone to exist across two calendar years and extending the already historic 2005 Atlantic hurricane season even further. ](/news/2006/01/1/tropical-storm-zeta-continues-activity-in-the-atlantic-ocean-becoming-only-the-second-north-atlantic-tropical-cyclone-to-exist-across-two.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [ Tropical Storm Zeta, the twenty-seventh named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, forms in the Atlantic Ocean one month after the season's official end. ](/news/2005/12/30/tropical-storm-zeta-the-twenty-seventh-named-storm-of-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-one-month-after-the.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [ Hurricane Epsilon strengthens from a tropical storm to become the record breaking fourteenth hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. ](/news/2005/12/2/hurricane-epsilon-strengthens-from-a-tropical-storm-to-become-the-record-breaking-fourteenth-hurricane-of-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-seaso.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [ The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season officially ended today, despite Tropical Storm Epsilon's remaining active in the Atlantic. ](/news/2005/11/30/the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-officially-ended-today-despite-tropical-storm-epsilon-s-remaining-active-in-the-atlantic.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [ The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season nears its official end but the 26th named storm of the season, Tropical Storm Epsilon, forms from a non-tropical low east of Bermuda. ](/news/2005/11/29/the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-nears-its-official-end-but-the-26th-named-storm-of-the-season-tropical-storm-epsilon-forms-from-a-non.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [ Floods and mudslides due to Tropical Storm Gamma, the 24th named storm in the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, kill at least 32 people in Honduras. ](/news/2005/11/22/floods-and-mudslides-due-to-tropical-storm-gamma-the-24th-named-storm-in-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-kill-at-least-32-people-in-ho.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [ Tropical Storm Gamma forms from a regeneration of Tropical Depression 27, becoming the 24th named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. ](/news/2005/11/18/tropical-storm-gamma-forms-from-a-regeneration-of-tropical-depression-27-becoming-the-24th-named-storm-of-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-seas.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [ Tropical Storm Vince, the 20th named storm of the season (making the current Atlantic hurricane season the 2nd most active since recording first took place) is gaining hurricane strength while heading towards Europe. It is unusual for such a storm to form so far east in the Atlantic Ocean, and more so gaining hurricane strength, since the waters are much cooler than in the Caribbean area. ](/news/2005/10/9/tropical-storm-vince-the-20th-named-storm-of-the-season-making-the-current-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-2nd-most-active-since-recording.md) _Context: 2005 Atlantic hurricane season_
