### [2004-03-19](/news/2004/03/19/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Quebec Court of Appeal upholds a Quebec superior court ruling that same-sex marriages are valid under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/03/19/gaymarriage040319 (CBC)] It joins Ontario and British Columbia in permitting same-sex marriage. The couple which brought the suit is scheduled to be wed on April 10, after a required 20-day waiting period.




### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A court in Yukon rules that the territory's government must licence marriages between same-sex partners. Yukon becomes the fourth jurisdiction in Canada to perform same-sex marriages, after Ontario, British Columbia, and Quebec. ](/news/2004/07/14/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-court-in-yukon-rules-that-the-territory-s-government-must-licence-marriages-between-same-sex-partners-yukon.md) _Context: British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: British Columbia, Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.](/news/2003/06/10/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-ontario-appeals-court-rules-that-the-law-restricting-marriage-to-heterosexual-couples-contravenes-the-equa.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage in Canada_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper releases a budget forecasting a surplus of C$3.3 billion, and offers tax cuts for families and seniors and increased spending in Ontario and Quebec with the possibility of an election later this year. ](/news/2007/03/19/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-releases-a-budget-forecasting-a-surplus-of-c-3-3-billion-and-offers-tax-cuts-for-families-and.md) _Context: Ontario, Quebec_
6. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Ontario, Quebec_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: Four same-sex couples in New Brunswick file suit for the right to marry under the Charter. This challenge, the first to be filed in over five months, would make New Brunswick the eighth of ten provinces to recognize same-sex marriage. ](/news/2005/04/25/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-four-same-sex-couples-in-new-brunswick-file-suit-for-the-right-to-marry-under-the-charter-this-challenge-the.md) _Context: Charter, same-sex marriage in Canada_
8. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: Michael Hendricks and Ren Leboeuf become the first same-sex couple to legally wed in Quebec. ](/news/2004/04/1/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-michael-hendricks-and-rene-leboeuf-become-the-first-same-sex-couple-to-legally-wed-in-quebec.md) _Context: Quebec, same-sex marriage in Canada_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: San Francisco Superior court Judge James L. Warner postpones any decision to block the city and county of San Francisco, California, from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples and to void the 2,464 same-sex marriages that were performed in the city since February 12. This was on the grounds that the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund's order for San Francisco to "cease and desist issuing marriage licenses to and/or solemnizing marriages of same-sex couples; to show cause before this court&nbsp;..." had an improper semicolon; to do both, rather than one or the other, would have exceeded the judge's jurisdiction. ](/news/2004/02/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-san-francisco-superior-court-judge-james-l-warner-postpones-any-decision-to-block-the-city-and-cou.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, superior court_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: an Ontario court rules that Canadians whose same-sex partners died after 1985 are entitled to survivors' benefits. It is believed to be the first class-action lawsuit awarding compensation to gays and lesbians anywhere in the world. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/19/samesex_benefits031219]](/news/2003/12/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-an-ontario-court-rules-that-canadians-whose-same-sex-partners-died-after-1985-are-entitled-to-survivors-benef.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage in Canada_
