### [2009-09-14](/news/2009/09/14/index.md)

#  France's political "trial of the century" into the Clearstream affair&mdash;former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin versus President Nicolas Sarkozy&mdash;opens at the Palais de Justice. 

FRANCE&#039;S political &#039;&#039;trial of the century&#039;&#039;, a case of intrigue and skulduggery that sets a former prime minister, Dominique de Villepin, against the President, Nicolas Sarkozy - and details the sexual peccadilloes of a stellar array of politicians - will open at the Palais de Justice this week.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/sarkozys-sexual-history-to-go-on-show-in-court-20090913-fm8p.html)

### Related:

1. [ Lawyers for the former Prime Minister of France, Dominique de Villepin, say they will sue President Nicolas Sarkozy for having called him "guilty" of the "Clearstream" affair and violating the principle of presumption of innocence. ](/news/2009/09/25/lawyers-for-the-former-prime-minister-of-france-dominique-de-villepin-say-they-will-sue-president-nicolas-sarkozy-for-having-called-him.md) _Context: Clearstream, Dominique de Villepin, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
2. [A French Appeals Court clears former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin of charges of involvement in a smear campaign against current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2011/09/14/a-french-appeals-court-clears-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-of-charges-of-involvement-in-a-smear-campaign-against-current-pres.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
3. [The French Cabinet led by Prime Minister Francois Fillon resigns ahead of a reshuffle by President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2010/11/13/the-french-cabinet-led-by-prime-minister-franassois-fillon-resigns-ahead-of-a-reshuffle-by-president-nicolas-sarkozy.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
4. [ Former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin is charged with "complicity in slanderous denunciations" and "complicity in using forgeries" for allegedly trying to discredit current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2007/07/27/former-french-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-is-charged-with-complicity-in-slanderous-denunciations-and-complicity-in-using-forger.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, French, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
5. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
