### [2000-03-1](/news/2000/03/1/index.md)

#  Hans Blix assumes the position of Executive Chairman of UNMOVIC.




### Related:

1. [ Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. ](/news/2005/05/9/hans-blix-former-united-nations-chief-arms-inspector-suggests-that-iran-and-israel-could-support-a-ban-of-uranium-enrichment-in-the-middl.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
2. [ Iraqi WMD: Brigadier General Mark Kimmitt says that an artillery shell with sarin agent was found after it exploded. Two members of an explosives team are exposed to it, and have been treated. Hans Blix doubts that this was part of a current Iraq WMD, and doubts have been cast as to the accuracy of the field tests.](/news/2004/05/17/iraqi-wmd-brigadier-general-mark-kimmitt-says-that-an-artillery-shell-with-sarin-agent-was-found-after-it-exploded-two-members-of-an-expl.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
3. [ In a BBC interview, Dr. Hans Blix accuses the U.S. and British governments of dramatising the threat of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in order to strengthen the case for the 2003 invasion.](/news/2004/02/8/in-a-bbc-interview-dr-hans-blix-accuses-the-u-s-and-british-governments-of-dramatising-the-threat-of-weapons-of-mass-destruction-in-iraq.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
4. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.](/news/2003/03/7/iraq-disarmament-crisis-hans-blix-reports-to-the-un-security-council-citing-iraq-s-increased-but-qualified-cooperation.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
5. [ The United States advised UNMOVIC and the International Atomic Energy Agency to withdraw all weapon inspectors out of Iraq;](/news/2003/03/17/the-united-states-advised-unmovic-and-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-to-withdraw-all-weapon-inspectors-out-of-iraq.md) _Context: UNMOVIC_
6. [ The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.](/news/2003/02/7/the-chief-united-nations-arms-inspector-hans-blix-said-iraq-appeared-to-be-making-fresh-efforts-to-cooperate-with-u-n-teams-hunting-weapon.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
7. [ Iraq crisis of 2003: Regarding the disarmament of Iraq, the chief weapons inspector Hans Blix, says "The results in terms of disarmament have been very limited so far."](/news/2003/02/27/iraq-crisis-of-2003-regarding-the-disarmament-of-iraq-the-chief-weapons-inspector-hans-blix-says-the-results-in-terms-of-disarmament-ha.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
8. [ UNMOVIC chief weapons inspectors Hans Blix and Mohamed ElBaradei presented a report to the United Nations Security Council. They stated that the Iraqis had been co-operating well with the inspectors and that no weapons of mass destruction had been found, but that the Saddam Hussein regime had still to account for many banned weapons believed to have been in his arsenal. Mr Blix also expressed doubts about some of the conclusions in Colin Powell's Security Council presentation of February 5, and specifically questioned the significance of some of the photographic evidence that Mr Powell had presented.](/news/2003/02/14/unmovic-chief-weapons-inspectors-hans-blix-and-mohamed-elbaradei-presented-a-report-to-the-united-nations-security-council-they-stated-tha.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
9. [ UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix and International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohammed El Baradei give a report to the United Nations Security Council. They say that progress on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is "inching forward" but that a more "pro-active" stance is required from the Iraqi government.](/news/2003/01/9/un-chief-weapons-inspector-hans-blix-and-international-atomic-energy-agency-head-mohammed-el-baradei-give-a-report-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
10. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: United Nations arms inspectors from UNMOVIC have established a base of operations in Mosul, Iraq, 375 kilometers or 200 miles north of Baghdad, to speed the inspection process.](/news/2003/01/3/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-united-nations-arms-inspectors-from-unmovic-have-established-a-base-of-operations-in-mosul-iraq-375-kilometers.md) _Context: UNMOVIC_
