### [2004-01-10](/news/2004/01/10/index.md)

#  A speed boat carrying illegal immigrants from Albania, bound for Italy broke down and capsized. There were 11 survivors, while as many as 21 died due to drowning and exposure. Two have been arrested by Albanian authorities for people smuggling, while other senior officials have been implicated in connection with the tragedy.




### Related:

1. [Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy-with-both-the-ruling-socialist-party-a.md) _Context: Albania_
2. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: people smugglers_
3. [Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama dismisses four cabinet ministers, including Minister of Internal Affairs Saimir Tahiri and Minister of Health Ilir Beqaj, in a bid to make the government more technocratic following opposition Democratic Party protests. ](/news/2017/03/12/albanian-prime-minister-edi-rama-dismisses-four-cabinet-ministers-including-minister-of-internal-affairs-saimir-tahiri-and-minister-of-heal.md) _Context: Albania_
4. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: people smugglers_
5. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: people smugglers_
6. [Greek police say they came under fire on the country's northeastern border with Turkey during the arrest of two suspected migrant smugglers who had just ferried 22 people across the Evros river that runs along the Greek-Turkish border. ](/news/2015/11/5/greek-police-say-they-came-under-fire-on-the-countryas-northeastern-border-with-turkey-during-the-arrest-of-two-suspected-migrant-smuggler.md) _Context: people smugglers_
7. [Amnesty International accuses Australian border protection officials of illegally paying people smugglers and endangering lives in a bid to prevent boats of asylum seekers from reaching the country via Operation Sovereign Borders. Australia's government rejects Amnesty's report and denies any wrongdoing.](/news/2015/10/29/amnesty-international-accuses-australian-border-protection-officials-of-illegally-paying-people-smugglers-and-endangering-lives-in-a-bid-to.md) _Context: people smugglers_
8. [A prominent Libyan Zuwarah militia leader and migrant smuggler, Salah Al-Maskhout, is reportedly killed in Tripoli by Italian special forces. The EU recently approved military action against people smuggling networks operating out of Libya. ](/news/2015/09/26/a-prominent-libyan-zuwarah-militia-leader-and-migrant-smuggler-salah-al-maskhout-is-reportedly-killed-in-tripoli-by-italian-special-forces.md) _Context: people smugglers_
9. [More than 400 Albanian police supported by Army helicopters surround the village of Lazarat in southern Albania known as the "cannabis Kingdom" where an armed criminal gang has entrenched itself. ](/news/2015/06/25/more-than-400-albanian-police-supported-by-army-helicopters-surround-the-village-of-lazarat-in-southern-albania-known-as-the-cannabis-kingd.md) _Context: Albania_
10. [The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/the-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling-and-the-migrant-crisis-malaysia.md) _Context: people smugglers_
