### [2004-01-10](/news/2004/01/10/index.md)

#  In publicity for a new book for which former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill is the primary source, "60 Minutes" reveals O'Neill's claims that the Bush administration was making plans for an invasion of Iraq within days of Bush's inauguration. Bush officials note that regime change in Iraq had been official U.S. policy since 1998, three years before Bush took office. O'Neill, fired for his opposition to tax cuts, also characterized Bush as so disengaged in cabinet meetings that he "was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people". On the positive side, O'Neill also described Bush as such a good listener that he (O'Neill) was able to give a non-stop monologue for nearly an hour in a one-on-one meeting.




### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
2. [United States Secretary of the Treasury Tim Geithner pushes for Congress to allow the tax cuts for high-income taxpayers in the Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003 to expire at the end of 2010, while extending the act's tax cuts for middle- and lower-income taxpayers. ](/news/2010/07/25/united-states-secretary-of-the-treasury-tim-geithner-pushes-for-congress-to-allow-the-tax-cuts-for-high-income-taxpayers-in-the-jobs-and-gro.md) _Context: Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, Treasury Secretary_
3. [ John W. Snow has resigned as United States Secretary of the Treasury. President George W. Bush has nominated Goldman Sachs CEO Henry Paulson to succeed him. ](/news/2006/05/30/john-w-snow-has-resigned-as-united-states-secretary-of-the-treasury-president-george-w-bush-has-nominated-goldman-sachs-ceo-henry-paulso.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Treasury Secretary_
4. [ "The New York Times" reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-new-york-times-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-memo-that-shows-george-w-bush-was-determined-to-go-to-war-at-least-two-months-before-the-2.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
6. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
7. [ Four CBS News staffers are fired following the release of an independent investigation of a 60 Minutes story about U.S. President George W. Bush's military service that relied on forged documents. ](/news/2005/01/10/four-cbs-news-staffers-are-fired-following-the-release-of-an-independent-investigation-of-a-60-minutes-story-about-u-s-president-george-w.md) _Context: 60 Minutes, George W. Bush_
8. [ The White House affirms that, despite reports to the contrary, John Snow will remain Treasury Secretary during President George W. Bush's second term of office. Meanwhile, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony Principi announces his expected resignation. ](/news/2004/12/8/the-white-house-affirms-that-despite-reports-to-the-contrary-john-snow-will-remain-treasury-secretary-during-president-george-w-bush-s-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Treasury Secretary_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush nominates former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to replace outgoing Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge in the Cabinet position. Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson also announces his resignation. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6991680 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2004/12/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-former-new-york-city-police-commissioner-bernard-kerik-to-replace-outgoing-secretary-of-homeland-se.md) _Context: Cabinet, George W. Bush_
10. [U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns to become the next Secretary of Agriculture. If confirmed by the Senate, Johanns would fill the Cabinet position currently held by resigning Secretary Ann Veneman. ](/news/2004/12/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-nebraska-governor-mike-johanns-to-become-the-next-secretary-of-agriculture-if-confirmed-by-the-sena.md) _Context: Cabinet, George W. Bush_
