## [2004-01-10](/news/2004/01/10/index.md)

### [ Occupation of Iraq: Protests in the city of Amarah because of unemployment occur. Police officers and soldiers open fire on demonstrators. Five or six are killed and one or eleven wounded.<ref name="autogenerated2004">[http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/01/11/sprj.nirq.main/index.html ]date=October 2015</ref>](/news/2004/01/10/occupation-of-iraq-protests-in-the-city-of-amarah-because-of-unemployment-occur-police-officers-and-soldiers-open-fire-on-demonstrators.md)
_Context: Amarah, occupation of Iraq, unemployment_

### [ In publicity for a new book for which former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill is the primary source, "60 Minutes" reveals O'Neill's claims that the Bush administration was making plans for an invasion of Iraq within days of Bush's inauguration. Bush officials note that regime change in Iraq had been official U.S. policy since 1998, three years before Bush took office. O'Neill, fired for his opposition to tax cuts, also characterized Bush as so disengaged in cabinet meetings that he "was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people". On the positive side, O'Neill also described Bush as such a good listener that he (O'Neill) was able to give a non-stop monologue for nearly an hour in a one-on-one meeting.](/news/2004/01/10/in-publicity-for-a-new-book-for-which-former-u-s-treasury-secretary-paul-o-neill-is-the-primary-source-60-minutes-reveals-o-neill-s-cla.md)
_Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, 60 Minutes, Cabinet, George W. Bush, Jobs and Growth Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2003, Paul O'Neill, Treasury Secretary, inauguration, regime change_

### [ "SCO v. IBM": SCO Group claims that it has "low-level talks" with Google about a possible license agreement related to Linux.](/news/2004/01/10/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-claims-that-it-has-low-level-talks-with-google-about-a-possible-license-agreement-related-to-linux.md)
_Context: Google, Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_

### [ Iraq and weapons of mass destruction: On January 9, 2004, Danish troops discovered decade-old mortar rounds containing suspicious liquid buried in Southern Iraq. Initial tests now indicate that the rounds contain the banned chemical weapon blister gas. Final tests should be available in two days.](/news/2004/01/10/iraq-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-on-january-9-2004-danish-troops-discovered-decade-old-mortar-rounds-containing-suspicious-liquid-bu.md)
_Context: Danish troops, Iraq, Mortar, blister gas, chemical warfare, weapons of mass destruction_

### [ A speed boat carrying illegal immigrants from Albania, bound for Italy broke down and capsized. There were 11 survivors, while as many as 21 died due to drowning and exposure. Two have been arrested by Albanian authorities for people smuggling, while other senior officials have been implicated in connection with the tragedy.](/news/2004/01/10/a-speed-boat-carrying-illegal-immigrants-from-albania-bound-for-italy-broke-down-and-capsized-there-were-11-survivors-while-as-many-as-2.md)
_Context: Albania, illegal immigrants, people smugglers_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2004/01/9/index.md)

