### [2004-01-10](/news/2004/01/10/index.md)

#  Iraq and weapons of mass destruction: On January 9, 2004, Danish troops discovered decade-old mortar rounds containing suspicious liquid buried in Southern Iraq. Initial tests now indicate that the rounds contain the banned chemical weapon blister gas. Final tests should be available in two days.




### Related:

1. [Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. ](/news/2015/10/9/iraqi-police-officials-say-at-least-35-people-have-been-killed-following-a-mortar-bombardment-of-villages-near-the-eastern-city-of-baqubah.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
2. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
3. [ A study released by two non-profit journalism watchdogs concludes that the Bush administration released "an orchestrated campaign" of 935 erroneous public statements about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda in the months leading up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2008/01/22/a-study-released-by-two-non-profit-journalism-watchdogs-concludes-that-the-bush-administration-released-an-orchestrated-campaign-of-935-e.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
4. [ Italian state-owned channel RaiNews 24 airs a controversial documentary in which Iraqi people and ex-U.S. soldiers report that white phosphorus, a chemical weapon, and Mk-77 napalm bombs were used by the U.S. Army against civilians in Fallujah last year. ](/news/2005/11/8/italian-state-owned-channel-rainews-24-airs-a-controversial-documentary-in-which-iraqi-people-and-ex-u-s-soldiers-report-that-white-phosph.md) _Context: Iraq, chemical warfare_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: Guerrillas in Baquba detonate a car bomb outside an Iraqi police headquarters, killing 15 and wounding 17. A suicide bomber in Mosul kills 12 policemen and injures 4 others. In another area of the city, guerrillas fire a dozen mortar rounds at a police station, killing 3 civilians. ](/news/2005/02/8/conflict-in-iraq-guerrillas-in-baquba-detonate-a-car-bomb-outside-an-iraqi-police-headquarters-killing-15-and-wounding-17-a-suicide-bomb.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
6. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
8. [ Twenty-five people are killed and 100 wounded during a mortar attack on the main mosque in the Iraqi city of Kufa. 20 Shiite marchers in Kufa are killed and 70 wounded by gunfire. The identity of the attackers is unknown, reportedly though a source of gunfire was near an Iraqi National Guard base. ](/news/2004/08/26/twenty-five-people-are-killed-and-100-wounded-during-a-mortar-attack-on-the-main-mosque-in-the-iraqi-city-of-kufa-20-shiite-marchers-in-ku.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
9. [ 1,300 Iraqi delegates begin a three-day conference in Baghdad to select an interim National Assembly. The area of the conference is attacked by mortars, which kill one person and wound 17. ](/news/2004/08/15/1-300-iraqi-delegates-begin-a-three-day-conference-in-baghdad-to-select-an-interim-national-assembly-the-area-of-the-conference-is-attacke.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
10. [ The US Army states that the insurgents in Fallujah, Iraq, have "days, not weeks" to fulfill a clause in the ceasefire that requires them to turn over heavy weapons. To date, only rocket-propelled grenade rounds marked "inert", rusted mortar shells, dud rockets and unusable guns have been surrendered. ](/news/2004/04/22/the-us-army-states-that-the-insurgents-in-fallujah-iraq-have-days-not-weeks-to-fulfill-a-clause-in-the-ceasefire-that-requires-them-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
