### [2004-01-10](/news/2004/01/10/index.md)

#  "SCO v. IBM": SCO Group claims that it has "low-level talks" with Google about a possible license agreement related to Linux.




### Related:

1. [ SCO v. IBM: SCO Group widens Unix and Linux lawsuit against IBM. They add a copyright infringement claim to case.](/news/2004/02/5/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-widens-unix-and-linux-lawsuit-against-ibm-they-add-a-copyright-infringement-claim-to-case.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
2. [ "SCO v. IBM:" IBM has applied for a declaratory judgment that it does not infringe the SCO Group's copyrights. ](/news/2004/03/30/sco-v-ibm-ibm-has-applied-for-a-declaratory-judgment-that-it-does-not-infringe-the-sco-group-s-copyrights.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
3. [ "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group plans to widen its legal battle against the open-source operating system, stating intent to sue large-scale Linux users for copyright infringement.](/news/2003/11/18/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-plans-to-widen-its-legal-battle-against-the-open-source-operating-system-stating-intent-to-sue-large-scale-linux-u.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
4. [ SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).](/news/2003/10/6/sco-v-ibm-in-an-open-letter-to-the-linux-community-published-by-silicon-graphics-sgi-sgi-states-it-conducted-a-comprehensive-compariso.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
5. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
6. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
7. [Google strikes a $1.1bn (GBP822m) deal with Taiwan's HTC to expand its smartphone business. ](/news/2017/09/21/google-strikes-a-1-1bn-agbp822m-deal-with-taiwan-s-htc-to-expand-its-smartphone-business.md) _Context: Google_
8. [Google is being sued over alleged inequality in the pay of male and female employees. ](/news/2017/09/14/google-is-being-sued-over-alleged-inequality-in-the-pay-of-male-and-female-employees.md) _Context: Google_
9. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: Google_
10. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Google_
