### [2007-08-17](/news/2007/08/17/index.md)

#  Australian Prime Minister John Howard says the country has decided to export Uranium to India.




### Related:

1. [Australia approves exports of uranium to India. ](/news/2011/12/4/australia-approves-exports-of-uranium-to-india.md) _Context: Australia, India, uranium_
2. [ Australia's foreign minister, Alexander Downer, confirms Australia will sell uranium and nuclear technology to India. ](/news/2007/08/15/australia-s-foreign-minister-alexander-downer-confirms-australia-will-sell-uranium-and-nuclear-technology-to-india.md) _Context: Australia, India, uranium_
3. [The United States and Australia issue travel warnings for India following the shooting of two Taiwanese tourists outside the Jama Masjid mosque in Delhi. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-united-states-and-australia-issue-travel-warnings-for-india-following-the-shooting-of-two-taiwanese-tourists-outside-the-jama-masjid-mos.md) _Context: Australia, India_
4. [An Indian man is set on fire in Melbourne, Australia, in the latest in a series of attacks on Indian nationals in the country. ](/news/2010/01/9/an-indian-man-is-set-on-fire-in-melbourne-australia-in-the-latest-in-a-series-of-attacks-on-indian-nationals-in-the-country.md) _Context: Australia, India_
5. [ The Australian government predicts a 20% fall in the number of Indian students studying in the country, due to a series of racist attacks earlier this year. ](/news/2009/12/30/the-australian-government-predicts-a-20-fall-in-the-number-of-indian-students-studying-in-the-country-due-to-a-series-of-racist-attacks-e.md) _Context: Australia, India_
6. [ Kumari Selja, India's tourism minister, calls off a visit to Australia following attacks on Indian students in the country. ](/news/2009/06/11/kumari-selja-india-s-tourism-minister-calls-off-a-visit-to-australia-following-attacks-on-indian-students-in-the-country.md) _Context: Australia, India_
7. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
8. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: John Howard, uranium_
9. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: Australia, John Howard_
10. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef, the Indian doctor freed in Australia of supporting terrorism, indicates that he would like to return to India as soon as possible. He later received clearance from the Australian Government to leave tonight. ](/news/2007/07/28/dr-mohamed-haneef-the-indian-doctor-freed-in-australia-of-supporting-terrorism-indicates-that-he-would-like-to-return-to-india-as-soon-as.md) _Context: Australia, India_
