### [2007-08-17](/news/2007/08/17/index.md)

#  Texas oil executive David B. Chalmers, Jr pleads guilty to wire fraud connected with the United Nations oil-for-food program associated with the United Nations. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/business/5063959.html)

### Related:

1. [ Texas oilman Oscar Wyatt Jr. is sentenced to a year and one day in jail for breaching the rules of the United Nations oil-for-food program. ](/news/2007/11/27/texas-oilman-oscar-wyatt-jr-is-sentenced-to-a-year-and-one-day-in-jail-for-breaching-the-rules-of-the-united-nations-oil-for-food-program.md) _Context: Texas, United Nations, oil-for-food_
2. [The Texas Education Agency adopts controversial changes to the Texas public school curriculum, including dropping coverage of enlightenment thinker Thomas Jefferson and suggesting United Nations is a "threat to freedom". The proposal to refer to the slave trade as the "Atlantic triangular trade" is not implemented. ](/news/2010/05/22/the-texas-education-agency-adopts-controversial-changes-to-the-texas-public-school-curriculum-including-dropping-coverage-of-enlightenment.md) _Context: Texas, United Nations_
3. [ John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia denies being aware of an Australian company giving "kick-backs" to Saddam Hussein during the United Nations' Oil for food programme. ](/news/2006/04/13/john-howard-prime-minister-of-australia-denies-being-aware-of-an-australian-company-giving-kick-backs-to-saddam-hussein-during-the-unite.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
4. [ Benon Sevan, head of the United Nations' oil-for-food program, resigns before the publication of a report that is expected to accuse him of corruption. He blames Kofi Annan for "sacrificing" him and denies all charges ](/news/2005/08/8/benon-sevan-head-of-the-united-nations-oil-for-food-program-resigns-before-the-publication-of-a-report-that-is-expected-to-accuse-him-of.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
5. [ Maurice Strong, Canadian United Nations representative, steps down due to allegations of involvement with Tongsun Park and oil for food scandal. ](/news/2005/04/20/maurice-strong-canadian-united-nations-representative-steps-down-due-to-allegations-of-involvement-with-tongsun-park-and-oil-for-food-sca.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
6. [ South Korean Tongsun Park, Texas oilman David Chalmers and two others are indicted for bribery in the oil for food scandal. ](/news/2005/04/14/south-korean-tongsun-park-texas-oilman-david-chalmers-and-two-others-are-indicted-for-bribery-in-the-oil-for-food-scandal.md) _Context: Texas, oil-for-food_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-delivery.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
