### [2015-12-31](/news/2015/12/31/index.md)

# Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. 

Twenty-one passengers &mdash; including three children &mdash; on an Air Canada flight from China have been taken to a Calgary hospital after turbulence caused multiple injuries Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/calgary/turbulence-injures-21-air-canada-passengers-coming-into-calgary-1.3384986)

### Related:

1. [In association football, Toronto FC play Seattle Sounders FC in the MLS Cup final held at Toronto's BMO Field. The Sounders win 5-4 in a penalty shootout after the game ended scoreless after extra time. It is the Sounders' first MLS title. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-association-football-toronto-fc-play-seattle-sounders-fc-in-the-mls-cup-final-held-at-toronto-s-bmo-field-the-sounders-win-5a4-in-a-p.md) _Context: Toronto_
2. [Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-package-was-also-found-in-another.md) _Context: Toronto_
3. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life  for  trying to overthrow the  DPRK  and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-try.md) _Context: Toronto_
4. [The USS Stethem visits Shanghai, signaling that relations between the two countries continue despite tensions over the recent USS Lassen cruise near artificial islands constructed by China. The navies of the two nations plan combined maritime exercise as well. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-uss-stethem-visits-shanghai-signaling-that-relations-between-the-two-countries-continue-despite-tensions-over-the-recent-uss-lassen-cru.md) _Context: Shanghai_
5. [British Airways Flight 2276, a Boeing 777 aircraft, suffers an uncontained engine failure and fire on take-off from McCarran International Airport, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. Fourteen of the 172 on board are injured and taken to a nearby hospital. ](/news/2015/09/8/british-airways-flight-2276-a-boeing-777-aircraft-suffers-an-uncontained-engine-failure-and-fire-on-take-off-from-mccarran-international-a.md) _Context: Boeing 777_
6. [Debris found near the Indian Ocean island of Reunion is consistent with material from a Boeing 777 and is being examined to confirm whether it is from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2015/07/29/debris-found-near-the-indian-ocean-island-of-ra-c-union-is-consistent-with-material-from-a-boeing-777-and-is-being-examined-to-confirm-whether.md) _Context: Boeing 777_
7. [The Games officially commence following Friday's opening ceremony in Toronto. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-games-officially-commence-following-friday-s-opening-ceremony-in-toronto.md) _Context: Toronto_
8. [China is dealing with two typhoons in a week. Typhoon Linfa  lost power after making landfall in southern China's Guangdong province Thursday.  Typhoon Chan-hom (Falcon)  is headed for landfall in eastern China near Shanghai this weekend. ](/news/2015/07/10/china-is-dealing-with-two-typhoons-in-a-week-typhoon-linfa-lost-power-after-making-landfall-in-southern-china-s-guangdong-province-thursda.md) _Context: Shanghai_
9. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Toronto_
10. [Air Canada Flight 624 skids off the runway at Halifax Stanfield International Airport, after arriving from Toronto shortly past midnight. All 133 passengers and 5 crews on board survive, with 23 treated for minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/29/air-canada-flight-624-skids-off-the-runway-at-halifax-stanfield-international-airport-after-arriving-from-toronto-shortly-past-midnight-al.md) _Context: Toronto_
