### [2015-12-31](/news/2015/12/31/index.md)

# Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi  is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. 

Record flooding from rain-swollen rivers has washed out hundreds of structures in Missouri, Illinois, Arkansas and eastern Oklahoma, forcing thousands to flee their homes, and 9.3 million Americans still face flood warnings.


### Source:

1. [AccuWeather](http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/mississippi-ohio-missouri-illinois-arkansas-major-river-flooding-challenge-records-december-january-2016/54483549)
2. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/midwest/ct-flooding-st-louis-i-55-20151231-story.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-weather-storm-idUSKBN0UC0PD20151231)

### Related:

1. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Mississippi River, midwestern_
2. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: midwestern_
3. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: midwestern_
4. [Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival  Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days.  The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday.  Nixon  pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-flood-of-1993-levels-swoll.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
5. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: midwestern_
6. [Officials report the casualties from yesterday's  spring-like storm that triggered more than 20 tornadoes, destroyed homes, delayed and cancelled air flights, and caused power outages in the U.S. Midwest and Southeast have risen to at least 11 people killed with dozens injured. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in areas affected by the storm. ](/news/2015/12/24/officials-report-the-casualties-from-yesterday-s-spring-like-storm-that-triggered-more-than-20-tornadoes-destroyed-homes-delayed-and-canc.md) _Context: midwestern_
7. [Tornadoes of 2015 At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-pat-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: midwestern_
8. [A winter storm causes the cancellation of school in the midwestern United States and the cancellation of 1,000 flights. ](/news/2015/02/2/a-winter-storm-causes-the-cancellation-of-school-in-the-midwestern-united-states-and-the-cancellation-of-1-000-flights.md) _Context: midwestern_
9. [Schools in the Midwestern and Northeast United States close for a second successive day due to bitterly cold temperatures. ](/news/2015/01/8/schools-in-the-midwestern-and-northeast-united-states-close-for-a-second-successive-day-due-to-bitterly-cold-temperatures.md) _Context: midwestern_
10. [The first winter storm of the season hits the midwestern United States with at least four people dead in Minnesota. ](/news/2014/11/11/the-first-winter-storm-of-the-season-hits-the-midwestern-united-states-with-at-least-four-people-dead-in-minnesota.md) _Context: midwestern_
