### [2015-12-31](/news/2015/12/31/index.md)

# The Venezuelan Supreme Court bars four incoming lawmakers (three from the opposition and one from the ruling Socialist party) from taking office, putting the opposition's two-thirds legislative "supermajority" at risk, won via a landslide victory in the December 6 election by just one seat. The court is yet to specify the quorum for the new House, which would determine the number of seats needed for a two-thirds majority. The new National Assembly convenes Tuesday. 

Responding to a legal challenge filed by supporters of the ruling socialist party, the Supreme Court blocked the four lawmakers from being taking their seats when the new National Assembly convenes Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News Latino](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2015/12/31/venezuelan-supreme-court-bars-four-opposition-legislators-from-taking-office/)
2. [Latin American Herald Tribune](http://www.laht.com/article.asp?ArticleId=2402697&CategoryId=10717)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015. Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998. There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, National Assembly, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
2. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. Venezuela's Supreme Court reverses their controversial ruling. The court restores legislative power to the National Assembly. However, the court's decision still allows President Nicolas Maduro to enter joint-venture deals. ](/news/2017/04/1/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-venezuela-s-supreme-court-reverses-their-controversial-ruling-the-court-restores-legislat.md) _Context: National Assembly, Supreme Tribunal_
3. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: National Assembly, Supreme Tribunal_
4. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015. Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least 99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-h.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
5. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015. Venezuela announces it will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons before Sunday's parliamentary elections, starting Friday at 6 p.m. until next Monday at 6 p.m. Civilian permits for the possession and use of firearms and knives will be also be suspended for the same period. ](/news/2015/11/30/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-venezuela-announces-it-will-suspend-the-sale-of-alcoholic-beverages-fireworks-and-weapons-before-s.md) _Context: National Assembly, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
6. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: National Assembly_
7. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Human rights in Venezuela. The Venezuelan oppositor leader Leopoldo Lopez, leader of the Popular Will party, leaves the jail after almost 3 years and a half of confinement, to happen to comply house arrest with an electronic shackle. According to the Supreme Tribunal, this measure was taken for humanitarian reasons. Lopez was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months of imprisonment for supposedly instigate to violence during the 2014 anti-Goverment protests, although his supporters and much of the international community deny this version and consider that exist a political persecution against him. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-venezuelan-protests-human-rights-in-venezuela-the-venezuelan-oppositor-leader-leopoldo-la3pez-leader-of-the-popular-will-party-leav.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal_
8. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/2017-venezuelan-protests-supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-sev.md) _Context: National Assembly_
9. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal_
10. [Venezuelan protests. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo Lopez for inciting violence, via "subliminal messages," at the 2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed. Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately. ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leo.md) _Context: Supreme Tribunal_
