### [2015-08-18](/news/2015/08/18/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Turkey Ahmet Davutoglu returns his mandate to form a government to the President after failing to form a coalition government. This means that a new election is likely. 




### Source:

1. [The News Hub](https://www.the-newshub.com/politics/turkey-close-to-snap-election-as-erdogans-party-fails-to-find-coalition-partner)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33972120)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, President, Prime Minister of Turkey_
2. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, President, Prime Minister of Turkey_
3. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/05/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-formally-approves-his-ally-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-as-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Turkey_
4. [ Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/05/23/binali-ya-lda-ra-m-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-turkey-after-the-resignation-of-ahmet-davutoalu-amid-disagreements-with-president-recep.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
5. [Today's European Union summit with Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium,  will discuss ways  to  stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways-to-stanch-the-flow-of.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
6. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
7. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
8. [At least 10 people are killed and 15 injured, mostly German tourists, following an explosion in Istanbul's Sultanahmet Square. A Syrian suicide bomber, an ISIL member, is  responsible, according to Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. ](/news/2016/01/12/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-mostly-german-tourists-following-an-explosion-in-istanbul-s-sultanahmet-square-a-syrian-suic.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
9. [Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-t.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
10. [The Turkish cabinet led by current Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu submits its resignation, but is asked to stay on until a new government forms after the election. ](/news/2015/06/9/the-turkish-cabinet-led-by-current-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-submits-its-resignation-but-is-asked-to-stay-on-until-a-new-government-f.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey_
