### [2006-01-16](/news/2006/01/16/index.md)

#  The United Nations appeals for US$240 million of food aid for West Africa to feed at least 10 million people affected by the food crisis, with Niger being the worst-affected country. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L16774239.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations is asking donors for US$3.2 million to help six West African countries fight cholera. The disease has killed at least 700 people and infected over 42,000 in the region since June, a sharp rise due to the unusually heavy rains this year. ](/news/2005/11/7/the-united-nations-is-asking-donors-for-us-3-2-million-to-help-six-west-african-countries-fight-cholera-the-disease-has-killed-at-least-70.md) _Context: United Nations, West Africa_
2. [ UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan visits Zinder, Niger, which is affected by a regional food crisis in West Africa. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-5228314,00.html (Guardian)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4176700.stm (BBC)], [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/africa/08/23/niger.annan.ap/ (CNN)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L23703768.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/23/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-visits-zinder-niger-which-is-affected-by-a-regional-food-crisis-in-west-africa-http-www-guardian-co-u.md) _Context: Niger, West Africa_
3. [Syria chemical weapons program: Sanctions against North Korea: Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/syria-chemical-weapons-program-sanctions-against-north-korea-two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weap.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons: The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [Russia and the United Nations: Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Colombian peace process: The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/colombian-peace-process-the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Philippine Drug War: The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/philippine-drug-war-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Philippine Drug War: Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-drug-war-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
