### [2015-11-29](/news/2015/11/29/index.md)

# Labour deputy leader Tom Watson demands party leader Jeremy Corbyn, who opposes PM David Cameron's (Conservative) proposed air strikes on Syria, to ensure MPs are given a free vote on the proposal this Tuesday. 

Labour’s deputy leader, Tom Watson, has demanded that Jeremy Corbyn abandon plans to force MPs into opposing air strikes on Syria, amid growing alarm that the leader is hardening his stance against military action in preparation for a showdown. In his strongest intervention to date, Mr Watson – who supports extending RAF raids into Syria – has warned Mr Corbyn he needs to back down and ensure MPs are given a free vote to avoid a damaging public split.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tom-watson-warns-jeremy-corbyn-you-must-back-down-over-opposing-uk-air-strikes-on-isis-in-syria-a6753146.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Jeremy Corbyn_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Jeremy Corbyn_
3. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
4. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
5. [Military intervention against ISIL: British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/5/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-under-pressure-from-labour-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-the-fore.md) _Context: David Cameron, Jeremy Corbyn_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-w.md) _Context: David Cameron, Syria_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL: British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-h.md) _Context: David Cameron, Syria_
8. [The outcome of the election for the next leader of the United Kingdom Labour Party is announced with Jeremy Corbyn winning the contest ahead of Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall while Tom Watson is elected as the new deputy leader. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-outcome-of-the-election-for-the-next-leader-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-is-announced-with-jeremy-corbyn-winning-the-contest-ahead.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Tom Watson_
9. [Syrian civil war:: British Prime Minister David Cameron says that a "robust response" to the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria is needed despite UK military action being ruled out. ](/news/2013/08/30/syrian-civil-war-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-a-robust-response-to-the-alleged-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-syria-is-nee.md) _Context: David Cameron, Syria_
10. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
