### [2015-11-29](/news/2015/11/29/index.md)

# Pope Francis' 2015 visit to AfricaPope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. 

Francis tells people he is ‘pilgrim of peace’ and schedules trip to PK5, known as most dangerous area of capital, Bangui


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/29/pope-francis-arrives-central-african-republic-historic-war-zone-visit)

### Related:

1. [At least 22  people are killed this week in a string of raids on villages in the Central African Republic. The escalation of violence threatens to derail a visit by Pope Francis and crucial elections scheduled for December 27, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/13/at-least-22-people-are-killed-this-week-in-a-string-of-raids-on-villages-in-the-central-african-republic-the-escalation-of-violence-threat.md) _Context: Central-African, Pope Francis, civil war_
2. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Central-African, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Central-African, Pope Francis_
4. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
5. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis  canonizes Jacinta and Francisco Marto, two of the three Ftima children who reported seeing the Virgin Mary in the spring and summer of 1916. The Martos, who died during the post-World War I international influenza pandemic, are the Catholic Church's youngest saints who did not die as martyrs. The other child, Lcia de Jesus dos Santos, survived until 2005, age 97. ](/news/2017/05/13/pope-francis-canonizes-jacinta-and-francisco-marto-two-of-the-three-fatima-children-who-reported-seeing-the-virgin-mary-in-the-spring-and.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [Catholics in Portugal converge in a shrine in Fatima for a visit by Pope Francis. ](/news/2017/05/12/catholics-in-portugal-converge-in-a-shrine-in-fatima-for-a-visit-by-pope-francis.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis intends to canonize two of the children who had visions at Fatima. ](/news/2017/05/10/pope-francis-intends-to-canonize-two-of-the-children-who-had-visions-at-fatima.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
