### [2015-11-29](/news/2015/11/29/index.md)

# Pope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. 

Francis tells people he is ‘pilgrim of peace’ and schedules trip to PK5, known as most dangerous area of capital, Bangui


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/29/pope-francis-arrives-central-african-republic-historic-war-zone-visit)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/e693e5b2cc813c7fc22212a663cc4d1ea2702eff/0_0_4724_2835/master/4724.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=df4782d07601bcd2a771f5c997ca4f03)

### Related:

1. [At least 22 people are killed this week in a string of raids on villages in the Central African Republic. The escalation of violence threatens to derail a visit by Pope Francis and crucial elections scheduled for December 27, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/13/at-least-22-people-are-killed-this-week-in-a-string-of-raids-on-villages-in-the-central-african-republic-the-escalation-of-violence-threate.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis, civil war_
2. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-country-wracked-by-sectarian-violence.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
4. [Pope Francis, responding to FARC rebel leader Rodrigo Londono's open letter asking for forgiveness for the suffering the group had inflicted on the country during his talk in Villavicencio, urges Colombians skeptical of the peace deal to be open to reconciliation. ](/news/2017/09/8/pope-francis-responding-to-farc-rebel-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-s-open-letter-asking-for-forgiveness-for-the-suffering-the-group-had-inflicte.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
5. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-truck-overloaded-with-passengers-crashes-near-bambari-central-african-republic-killing-at-least-78-people-and-leaving-dozens-more-injure.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
8. [Pope Francis ousts conservative cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller. ](/news/2017/07/1/pope-francis-ousts-conservative-cardinal-gerhard-ludwig-ma1-4ller.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
