### [2015-11-29](/news/2015/11/29/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes kill at least 18 civilians and wound dozens more in the town of Ariha in Syria's northwestern Idlib province. Idlib is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a rebel alliance of mainly Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front. 

Several areas of the town were hit and rescue operations are under way with several critically wounded


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Express Tribune](http://tribune.com.pk/story/1000636/at-least-18-civilians-killed-in-syria-airstrikes-monitor/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/29/us-mideast-crisis-syria-ariha-idUSKBN0TI07K20151129#X8PpXhvjaS6Cv1CE.97)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
2. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
3. [Russia launches an intense bombing campaign in the Syrian governorates of Idlib and Hama. The Syrian Army is conducting a ground offensive in the same area. ](/news/2015/10/7/russia-launches-an-intense-bombing-campaign-in-the-syrian-governorates-of-idlib-and-hama-the-syrian-army-is-conducting-a-ground-offensive-i.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
4. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
5. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Russian airstrikes on several ferries attempting to cross the Euphrates near Deir ez-Zor, kill at least 34 civilians including 9 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/09/10/russian-airstrikes-on-several-ferries-attempting-to-cross-the-euphrates-near-deir-ez-zor-kill-at-least-34-civilians-including-9-children-a.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Idlib, Syria, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, al-Nusra_
9. [The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-to-end-combat-in-speci.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, al-Nusra_
10. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, al-Qaeda_
