### [2005-02-19](/news/2005/02/19/index.md)

#  Former US Presidents George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton toured parts of Thailand that were ravaged by the Asian Tsunami.  <small>'''''[Newslink missing]'''''</small>




### Related:

1. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, president_
2. [ Former US Presidents Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush visit Sri Lanka to see marks of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake ](/news/2005/02/21/former-us-presidents-bill-clinton-and-george-h-w-bush-visit-sri-lanka-to-see-marks-of-the-2004-indian-ocean-earthquake.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush_
3. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, president_
4. [George H. W. Bush is admitted in stable condition to The Methodist Hospital of the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas. The 88-year-old served as the 41st President of the United States from 1989 till 1993 and was hospitalized due to a severe cough and bronchitis but is expected to be discharged within 72 hours. ](/news/2012/11/29/george-h-w-bush-is-admitted-in-stable-condition-to-the-methodist-hospital-of-the-texas-medical-center-in-houston-texas-the-88-year-old-s.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, president_
5. [Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has two coronary stents implanted in his heart at the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City, after chest pains. ](/news/2010/02/11/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-has-two-coronary-stents-implanted-in-his-heart-at-the-newyorkapresbyterian-hospital-in-new-york-city-a.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, president_
6. [ Two United States journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee, who had been detained by North Korea, return home with former U.S. President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/5/two-united-states-journalists-laura-ling-and-euna-lee-who-had-been-detained-by-north-korea-return-home-with-former-u-s-president-bill-c.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, president_
7. [ Former United States President Bill Clinton arrives in Pyongyang, North Korea, and secures the freedom of two detained American journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee. ](/news/2009/08/4/former-united-states-president-bill-clinton-arrives-in-pyongyang-north-korea-and-secures-the-freedom-of-two-detained-american-journalists.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, president_
8. [ Former U.S. President Bill Clinton announces a deal with drug companies to lower the price of anti-AIDS drugs in Third World countries. ](/news/2007/05/8/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-announces-a-deal-with-drug-companies-to-lower-the-price-of-anti-aids-drugs-in-third-world-countries.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, president_
9. [ In an interview with ''Fox News Sunday'', to be aired on September 24, Former U.S. President Bill Clinton says, "At least I tried. That's the difference in me and some, including all of the right-wingers who are attacking me now," responding to those who criticize him for the September 11th terrorist attacks, "They had eight months to try, they did not try. I tried. So I tried and failed." ](/news/2006/09/23/in-an-interview-with-fox-news-sunday-to-be-aired-on-september-24-former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-says-at-least-i-tried-that-s-t.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, president_
10. [ Former US President George H. W. Bush has praised his successor Bill Clinton after Clinton allowed Bush to sleep on the only Bed in the airplane the pair were using on their tour of tsunami-hit areas. ](/news/2005/03/7/former-us-president-george-h-w-bush-has-praised-his-successor-bill-clinton-after-clinton-allowed-bush-to-sleep-on-the-only-bed-in-the-air.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush_
