### [2005-02-19](/news/2005/02/19/index.md)

#  Northern Bank robbery investigation:: Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) confirm that GBP50,000 in unused Northern Banknotes found at Newforge Country Club, a facility for off-duty and retired police officers, was part of the GBP26 million stolen in the bank robbery. Police still consider it a diversion. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/4280713.stm)
2. [Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/uk/ulster/story.jsp?story=612525)

### Related:

1. [ Northern Bank robbery investigation:: Police in Northern Ireland recover an undisclosed sum of money at a sports and social club in Belfast. It is thought to perhaps be a diversion, but it is being investigated. ](/news/2005/02/18/northern-bank-robbery-investigation-police-in-northern-ireland-recover-an-undisclosed-sum-of-money-at-a-sports-and-social-club-in-belfast.md) _Context: Northern Bank robbery, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
2. [ Irish police arrest four people in Cork and three in Dublin in raids concentrating on the financing of the Provisional IRA. Over 2.3 million pounds sterling were seized in Cork, and GBP60,000 in Northern Bank notes believed to be from the GBP26.5 million robbery in Belfast just before Christmas. Reportedly, among the people arrested are former Sinn Fin councillor Tom Hanlon and someone working in the banking industry. ](/news/2005/02/17/irish-police-arrest-four-people-in-cork-and-three-in-dublin-in-raids-concentrating-on-the-financing-of-the-provisional-ira-over-2-3-millio.md) _Context: Northern Bank, Northern Bank robbery_
3. [ Northern Ireland police Chief Constable Hugh Orde publicly accuses the Provisional IRA of the largest bank robbery in U.K. history, now assessed at GBP26.5 million. The money was taken from the Northern Bank in Belfast on December 20. ](/news/2005/01/7/northern-ireland-police-chief-constable-hugh-orde-publicly-accuses-the-provisional-ira-of-the-largest-bank-robbery-in-u-k-history-now-ass.md) _Context: Northern Bank, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
4. [Dissident Irish Republican campaign: Police Service of Northern Ireland received a phone call in the early hours allegedly from a dissident republican group claiming to have planted an explosive in a Curryneirin neighborhood outside Derry, Northern Ireland. Police evacuated 12 homes before finding a device, describing it as "'It's a bomb and designed to kill".](/news/2015/02/17/dissident-irish-republican-campaign-police-service-of-northern-ireland-received-a-phone-call-in-the-early-hours-allegedly-from-a-dissident.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
5. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:: Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson accuses Sinn Fin of attempting to blackmail the Police Service of Northern Ireland over the arrest of Gerry Adams. ](/news/2014/05/4/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-accuses-sinn-fein-of-attempting-to-bl.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
6. [The Police Service of Northern Ireland says that an incident at the home of one of its officers in Bangor, County Down, on Wednesday night was an attempt to murder him. ](/news/2012/12/22/the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-says-that-an-incident-at-the-home-of-one-of-its-officers-in-bangor-county-down-on-wednesday-night-w.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
7. [Northern Ireland Police have charged Marian Price with encouraging support for an illegal organisation following a recent dissident republican rally in Derry. Price, who is secretary of the 32 County Sovereignty Movement, was jailed for her part in the bombing of the Old Bailey in the 1970s. ](/news/2011/05/15/northern-ireland-police-have-charged-marian-price-with-encouraging-support-for-an-illegal-organisation-following-a-recent-dissident-republic.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
8. [The Police Service of Northern Ireland says that a "sophisticated and substantial" 500lb bomb left in a van under the main Belfast to Dublin road near Newry had the potential to cause huge loss of life and devastation, and may have been destined for a town centre. ](/news/2011/04/9/the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-says-that-a-sophisticated-and-substantial-500lb-bomb-left-in-a-van-under-the-main-belfast-to-dublin.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
9. [Three Northern Ireland police officers are injured after a bomb is thrown at them while investigating a robbery in West Belfast. ](/news/2010/11/6/three-northern-ireland-police-officers-are-injured-after-a-bomb-is-thrown-at-them-while-investigating-a-robbery-in-west-belfast.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
10. [A report by the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Historical Enquiries Team concludes that a British soldier who fatally shot a 41-year-old civilian in Derry in 1971 acted "unlawfully", as the civilian "was not carrying a firearm and he posed no threat to the soldiers". ](/news/2010/06/3/a-report-by-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-s-historical-enquiries-team-concludes-that-a-british-soldier-who-fatally-shot-a-41-year-o.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
