### [2005-02-19](/news/2005/02/19/index.md)

#  Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) confirm that GBP50,000 in unused Northern Banknotes found at Newforge Country Club, a facility for off-duty and retired police officers, was part of the GBP26 million stolen in the bank robbery. Police still consider it a diversion. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/4280713.stm)
2. [Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/uk/ulster/story.jsp?story=612525)

### Related:

1. [ Northern Ireland police Chief Constable Hugh Orde publicly accuses the Provisional IRA of the largest bank robbery in U.K. history, now assessed at GBP26.5 million. The money was taken from the Northern Bank in Belfast on December 20. ](/news/2005/01/7/northern-ireland-police-chief-constable-hugh-orde-publicly-accuses-the-provisional-ira-of-the-largest-bank-robbery-in-u-k-history-now-ass.md) _Context: Northern Bank, Police Service of Northern Ireland_
2. [Police Service of Northern Ireland received a phone call in the early hours allegedly from a dissident republican group claiming to have planted an explosive in a Curryneirin neighborhood outside Derry, Northern Ireland. Police evacuated 12 homes before finding a device, describing it as "'It's a bomb and designed to kill".](/news/2015/02/17/police-service-of-northern-ireland-received-a-phone-call-in-the-early-hours-allegedly-from-a-dissident-republican-group-claiming-to-have-pla.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
3. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson accuses Sinn Fin of attempting to blackmail the Police Service of Northern Ireland over the arrest of Gerry Adams. ](/news/2014/05/4/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-accuses-sinn-fein-of-attempting-to-blackmail-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-over-th.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
4. [The Police Service of Northern Ireland says that an incident at the home of one of its officers in Bangor, County Down, on Wednesday night was an attempt to murder him. ](/news/2012/12/22/the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-says-that-an-incident-at-the-home-of-one-of-its-officers-in-bangor-county-down-on-wednesday-night-w.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
5. [Northern Ireland Police have charged Marian Price with encouraging support for an illegal organisation following a recent dissident republican rally in Derry. Price, who is secretary of the 32 County Sovereignty Movement, was jailed for her part in the bombing of the Old Bailey in the 1970s. ](/news/2011/05/15/northern-ireland-police-have-charged-marian-price-with-encouraging-support-for-an-illegal-organisation-following-a-recent-dissident-republic.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
6. [The Police Service of Northern Ireland says that a "sophisticated and substantial" 500lb bomb left in a van under the main Belfast to Dublin road near Newry had the potential to cause huge loss of life and devastation, and may have been destined for a town centre. ](/news/2011/04/9/the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-says-that-a-sophisticated-and-substantial-500lb-bomb-left-in-a-van-under-the-main-belfast-to-dublin.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
7. [Three Northern Ireland police officers are injured after a bomb is thrown at them while investigating a robbery in West Belfast. ](/news/2010/11/6/three-northern-ireland-police-officers-are-injured-after-a-bomb-is-thrown-at-them-while-investigating-a-robbery-in-west-belfast.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
8. [A report by the Police Service of Northern Ireland's Historical Enquiries Team concludes that a British soldier who fatally shot a 41-year-old civilian in Derry in 1971 acted "unlawfully", as the civilian "was not carrying a firearm and he posed no threat to the soldiers". ](/news/2010/06/3/a-report-by-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-s-historical-enquiries-team-concludes-that-a-british-soldier-who-fatally-shot-a-41-year-o.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
9. [ A 400lb bomb partially explodes outside the headquarters of the Policing Board in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In another incident, three men are arrested after a shooting incident involving PSNI officers in the border village of Garrison, County Fermanagh. ](/news/2009/11/22/a-400lb-bomb-partially-explodes-outside-the-headquarters-of-the-policing-board-in-belfast-northern-ireland-in-another-incident-three-men.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
10. [ The Foreign and Commonwealth Office confirms that serving PSNI officers provided training to the Libyan police force in the past twelve months. ](/news/2009/09/18/the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-confirms-that-serving-psni-officers-provided-training-to-the-libyan-police-force-in-the-past-twelve-mon.md) _Context: Police Service of Northern Ireland_
