### [2003-06-8](/news/2003/06/8/index.md)

#  The Polish referendum on EU enlargement entrance finishes today; 78% of the voters voted to join the EU, with approximately 59% turnout.




### Related:

1. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
2. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
3. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
4. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
5. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
6. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
7. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
8. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
9. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
10. [Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months. ](/news/2011/07/1/poland-takes-over-the-presidency-of-the-council-of-the-european-union-for-six-months.md) _Context: EU, Polish_
