### [2009-09-18](/news/2009/09/18/index.md)

#  30,000 Ivory Coast residents seriously affected by the dumping of toxic waste by Trafigura, which, according to the United Nations, has killed at least 15 people, say an undisclosed compensation deal offered by a London-based oil firm is not enough. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8261668.stm)

### Related:

1. [A meeting is held in London on the issue of West Papuan independence. Independence leader Benny Wenda joined various humanitarians, parliamentarians and lawyers in urging the United Nations to secure a vote on the future status of the region, which is occupied by Indonesia. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-meeting-is-held-in-london-on-the-issue-of-west-papuan-independence-independence-leader-benny-wenda-joined-various-humanitarians-parliame.md) _Context: London, United Nations_
2. [7 United Nations peacekeepers from Niger are killed in an ambush in Ivory Coast. ](/news/2012/06/8/7-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-niger-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations is investigating suspected transfer of weapons from Zimbabwe to Ivory Coast's incumbent President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in violation of UN sanctions. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-united-nations-is-investigating-suspected-transfer-of-weapons-from-zimbabwe-to-ivory-coast-s-incumbent-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laur.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, United Nations_
4. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Belarus has "seriously violated" the arms embargo against the Ivory Coast, after a delivery of attack helicopters and material to the country. ](/news/2011/02/28/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-belarus-has-seriously-violated-the-arms-embargo-against-the-ivory-coast-after-a-deliver.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, United Nations_
5. [Forces loyal to incumbent Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo attack and burn United Nations vehicles. ](/news/2011/01/13/forces-loyal-to-incumbent-ivory-coast-president-laurent-gbagbo-attack-and-burn-united-nations-vehicles.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations says 173 people have been killed during post-election violence in the Ivory Coast. ](/news/2010/12/23/the-united-nations-says-173-people-have-been-killed-during-post-election-violence-in-the-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Ivory Coast, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
10. [A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attending-the-scene-no-casu.md) _Context: London_
