### [2005-10-3](/news/2005/10/3/index.md)

#  St. Tammany Parish Schools reopen in Louisiana just over a month after Hurricane Katrina closed them.




### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Katrina: Louisiana National Guard officials say repeated news reports by CNN on September 1, 2005 that shots were fired at a UH-60 Black Hawk military helicopter at the Louisiana Superdome were false. ](/news/2005/10/6/hurricane-katrina-louisiana-national-guard-officials-say-repeated-news-reports-by-cnn-on-september-1-2005-that-shots-were-fired-at-a-uh-6.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
2. [ CNN reports that the Louisiana attorney general is investigating the possibility that mercy killings of critically ill patients by staff medical professionals at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans, Louisiana occurred during Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2005/10/12/cnn-reports-that-the-louisiana-attorney-general-is-investigating-the-possibility-that-mercy-killings-of-critically-ill-patients-by-staff-me.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
3. [ Hurricane Katrina:: Emergency officials requisition 25,000 body bags as search and rescue operations continue in Louisiana. A spokesman for the state's department of health and hospitals said: "We don't know what to expect ... It means we are prepared." ](/news/2005/09/8/hurricane-katrina-emergency-officials-requisition-25-000-body-bags-as-search-and-rescue-operations-continue-in-louisiana-a-spokesman-for.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
4. [ Hurricane Katrina:: Jefferson Parish, Louisiana President Aaron Broussard told CBS's " Early Show" anchor Harry Smith today: "Bureaucracy has murdered people in the Greater New Orleans area and bureaucracy needs to stand trial in Congress today. Take whatever idiot they have at the top and give me a better idiot." ](/news/2005/09/6/hurricane-katrina-jefferson-parish-louisiana-president-aaron-broussard-told-cbs-s-early-show-anchor-harry-smith-today-bureaucracy-h.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
5. [ Hurricane Katrina as a Category 3 storm makes landfall at 6:10 a.m. CDT (11:10 a.m. UTC). The eye is just east of New Orleans, Louisiana. This date is now known as Black Monday to New Orleanians and many residents of the Gulf Coast. ](/news/2005/08/29/hurricane-katrina-as-a-category-3-storm-makes-landfall-at-6-10-a-m-cdt-11-10-a-m-utc-the-eye-is-just-east-of-new-orleans-louisiana-t.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
6. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
7. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Louisiana_
8. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2016: John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2016-john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to.md) _Context: Louisiana_
10. [2016 Louisiana floods: At least seven people have died and thousands have been rescued in the American state of Louisiana. President of the United States Barack Obama has declared a federal emergency in the state. ](/news/2016/08/15/2016-louisiana-floods-at-least-seven-people-have-died-and-thousands-have-been-rescued-in-the-american-state-of-louisiana-president-of-the.md) _Context: Louisiana_
