### [2005-10-3](/news/2005/10/3/index.md)

#  Turkey and Croatia begin talks about joining the European Union following over a day of debate over an Austrian proposal that Turkey should be offered an associate status short of full membership. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4305500.stm)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria,  with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a  political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups  and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spe.md) _Context: Austria, Turkey_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Austria, Turkey_
3. [ Turkey, Bulgaria, Romania, Hungary and Austria sign an intergovernmental agreement on the construction of the Nabucco natural gas pipeline. ](/news/2009/07/13/turkey-bulgaria-romania-hungary-and-austria-sign-an-intergovernmental-agreement-on-the-construction-of-the-nabucco-natural-gas-pipeline.md) _Context: Austria, Turkey_
4. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: Austria, Turkey_
5. [ The Turkish freighter ship ''UND Adriyatik'' catches fire off Croatia. ](/news/2008/02/6/the-turkish-freighter-ship-und-adriyatik-catches-fire-off-croatia.md) _Context: Croatia, Turkey_
6. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C. Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-pturkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Turkey_
