### [2005-10-3](/news/2005/10/3/index.md)

#  West African leaders call for the strengthening of United Nations peacekeeping force to ensure efforts to end the three year civil war in Cote d'Ivoire pay off. A total 6,640 peacekeepers are currently serving in the UN force, which is under Senegalese command, monitoring the buffer zone between the north and south with the help of 4,000 French troops. 




### Source:

1. [allAfrica](http://allafrica.com/stories/200510030665.html)

### Related:

1. [Fatma Samoura, a Senegalese United Nations official, is appointed as the Secretary General of FIFA. She is the first woman and first person from outside Europe to be appointed to the position. ](/news/2016/05/13/fatma-samoura-a-senegalese-united-nations-official-is-appointed-as-the-secretary-general-of-fifa-she-is-the-first-woman-and-first-person.md) _Context: Senegal, United Nations_
2. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
3. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: France, Senegal_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
5. [Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-ministers-sparking-fear-of-a-coup.md) _Context: ECOWAS, United Nations_
6. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
7. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces that France intends to vote in favor of upgrading Palestine's status at the United Nations from permanent observer as the Palestinian Liberation Organization to a non-member observer state.  The vote is scheduled to be held later this week. ](/news/2012/11/27/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-that-france-intends-to-vote-in-favor-of-upgrading-palestine-s-status-at-the-united-nations.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
8. [Mass graves are discovered in Cte d'Ivoire amid other political violence as United Nations peacekeepers come under increased tension in the country when allies of Alassane Ouattara call for a forceful removal of Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/1/mass-graves-are-discovered-in-cote-d-ivoire-amid-other-political-violence-as-united-nations-peacekeepers-come-under-increased-tension-in-the.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
9. [France rejects criticism from the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination over its Romani removal strategy. ](/news/2010/08/27/france-rejects-criticism-from-the-united-nations-committee-on-the-elimination-of-discrimination-over-its-romani-removal-strategy.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations condemns France's crackdown on 40 gypsy camps. ](/news/2010/08/12/the-united-nations-condemns-france-s-crackdown-on-40-gypsy-camps.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
