### [2012-03-15](/news/2012/03/15/index.md)

# The Government of Papua New Guinea reacts angrily after the new Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs Bob Carr threatens the imposition of sanctions if elections are delayed. 

PAPUA New Guinea has responded with dismay over Bob Carr&#039;s surprise threat to sanction the country, calling in Australia&#039;s top diplomat in Port Moresby for a dressing down.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/opinion/political-news/png--reacts-with-fury-to-bob-carrs-sanction-threat-20120315-1v6m8.html)

### Related:

1. [Bob Carr, the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs, releases a report into the handling of the case of Ben Zygier who died in Israeli custody in December 2010 and was believed to be a Mossad agent. ](/news/2013/03/6/bob-carr-the-australian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-releases-a-report-into-the-handling-of-the-case-of-ben-zygier-who-died-in-israeli-cus.md) _Context: Australian, Australian Foreign Minister, Bob Carr_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard announces a Cabinet reshuffle with Bob Carr, a former Premier of New South Wales, appointed as Minister for Foreign Affairs to replace Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-announces-a-cabinet-reshuffle-with-bob-carr-a-former-premier-of-new-south-wales-appointed-as.md) _Context: Australian Foreign Minister, Bob Carr_
3. [Minister for Foreign Affairs Bob Carr is sworn in as a member of the Senate of Australia, replacing Mark Arbib, representing New South Wales.](/news/2012/03/13/minister-for-foreign-affairs-bob-carr-is-sworn-in-as-a-member-of-the-senate-of-australia-replacing-mark-arbib-representing-new-south-wales.md) _Context: Australian Foreign Minister, Bob Carr_
4. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: sanctions_
5. [Australia-United States relations: Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australia will honor the agreement to accept refugees from Central America even though the U.S. has postponed interviews with asylum seekers in a camp at the Pacific island of Nauru. ](/news/2017/02/4/australia-united-states-relations-australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-australia-will-honor-the-agreement-to-accept-refugees-fro.md) _Context: Australian Foreign Minister_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Australian woman has reportedly been kidnapped in Kabul. ](/news/2016/11/6/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-australian-woman-has-reportedly-been-kidnapped-in-kabul.md) _Context: Australian_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): An Australian security contractor is killed outside the Australian embassy in Baghdad. There are unconfirmed reports that he was shot. ](/news/2016/05/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-an-australian-security-contractor-is-killed-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-baghdad-there-are-unconfirm.md) _Context: Australian_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea imposes direct sanctions against North Korea that blacklists dozens of Northern companies and people for the first time, and bans ships that have visited North Korean ports in the previous 180 days from its waters. ](/news/2016/03/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-imposes-direct-sanctions-against-north-korea-that-blacklists-dozens-of-northern-companies-a.md) _Context: sanctions_
9. [Status of press freedom worldwide: Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours, and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/status-of-press-freedom-worldwide-australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-an.md) _Context: Australian Foreign Minister_
10. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present): A pregnant Australian woman in the state of Queensland tests positive for the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/02/10/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-a-pregnant-australian-woman-in-the-state-of-queensland-tests-positive-for-the-zika-virus.md) _Context: Australian_
