### [2011-09-13](/news/2011/09/13/index.md)

# The British House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee announces its intention to recall James Murdoch as its probe into the News International phone hacking scandal continues. 

News International chairman James Murdoch is to face more questions from MPs on the Commons culture committee about phone hacking.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14899265)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/55341000/jpg/_55341191_011107353-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: Culture, Media and Sport Committee, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [James Murdoch, the chief executive of News International, makes his second appearance before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee, as the News International phone hacking scandal continues. ](/news/2011/11/10/james-murdoch-the-chief-executive-of-news-international-makes-his-second-appearance-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-c.md) _Context: James Murdoch, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [Victims of press intrusion launch an online campaign to urge British Prime Minister David Cameron to fully implement the recommendations of the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/11/30/victims-of-press-intrusion-launch-an-online-campaign-to-urge-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-fully-implement-the-recommendations-of.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [BBC Director-General George Entwistle appears before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee to answer questions about the Corporation's handling of allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile. ](/news/2012/10/23/bbc-director-general-george-entwistle-appears-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-to-answer-questions-about-the-c.md) _Context: Culture, Media and Sport Committee_
7. [Following an investigation in the wake of the News International phone hacking scandal, British media regulator Ofcom concludes that BSkyB is a "fit and proper" company to hold a broadcasting licence. ](/news/2012/09/20/following-an-investigation-in-the-wake-of-the-news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-british-media-regulator-ofcom-concludes-that-bskyb-i.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [British police widen their phone-hacking inquiry with new arrests of journalists from newspapers not owned by News Corporation, which previously has been the focus of the investigation. ](/news/2012/07/11/british-police-widen-their-phone-hacking-inquiry-with-new-arrests-of-journalists-from-newspapers-not-owned-by-news-corporation-which-previo.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
