### [2016-12-16](/news/2016/12/16/index.md)

# A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. 

Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents in the city of Flint, where lead contamination sparked a public health crisis, a U.S. appellate panel ruled on Friday upholding a lower-court order.


### Source:

1. [Detroit Free Press](http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/flint-water-crisis/2016/12/16/appeals-court-refuses-lift-flint-bottled-water-order/95528884/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-michigan-water-idUSKBN146015)

### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency extends the federal disaster declaration for Flint, Michigan, so water deliveries can continue through mid-August. ](/news/2016/03/26/the-u-s-federal-emergency-management-agency-extends-the-federal-disaster-declaration-for-flint-michigan-so-water-deliveries-can-continue.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan, Michigan_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the city of Flint, Michigan, to be in a federal public health state of emergency due to an ongoing crisis that involves lead contamination (and possibly Legionella which has caused 87 cases of Legionnaires' disease which has led to 10 deaths) in its local water supply. ](/news/2016/01/16/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-city-of-flint-michigan-to-be-in-a-federal-public-health-state-of-emergency-due-to-an-ongoing-cris.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan, lead contamination_
3. [The U.S. state of Michigan asks for assistance from the federal government to assist with a water crisis in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-u-s-state-of-michigan-asks-for-assistance-from-the-federal-government-to-assist-with-a-water-crisis-in-the-city-of-flint.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan, Michigan_
4. [: The American city of Flint, Michigan switches its water source to the Flint River, beginning the ongoing Flint water crisis which has caused lead poisoning in up to 12,000 people, and 15 deaths from Legionnaires disease, ultimately leading to criminal indictments against 15 people, five of whom have been charged with involuntary manslaughter.](/news/2014/04/21/the-american-city-of-flint-michigan-switches-its-water-source-to-the-flint-river-beginning-the-ongoing-flint-water-crisis-which-has-caus.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan, lead contamination_
5. [The first criminal charges are laid against three people, two state officials and a municipal official, involved in the Flint water crisis. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-first-criminal-charges-are-laid-against-three-people-two-state-officials-and-a-municipal-official-involved-in-the-flint-water-crisis.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan_
6. [According to government officials, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette tomorrow will announce criminal charges against two state regulators and a Flint employee in connection with the city's lead-tainted water crisis. ](/news/2016/04/19/according-to-government-officials-michigan-attorney-general-bill-schuette-tomorrow-will-announce-criminal-charges-against-two-state-regulat.md) _Context: Flint water crisis, Flint, Michigan_
7. [A judge in Michigan halts the possible deportation of over 100 Chaldean Iraqi Christians. ](/news/2017/06/22/a-judge-in-michigan-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-over-100-chaldean-iraqi-christians.md) _Context: Michigan_
8. [A police officer is stabbed in the neck at Bishop International Airport in Flint, Michigan. The FBI is investigating the incident as terrorism. The suspect was arrested on scene and charged with a federal count of violence at an international airport. The victim survived. ](/news/2017/06/21/a-police-officer-is-stabbed-in-the-neck-at-bishop-international-airport-in-flint-michigan-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-incident-as-terrori.md) _Context: Flint, Michigan_
9. [Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette charges five people, including the director of the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, with involuntary manslaughter for their roles in the Legionnaires' disease outbreak that led to 12 deaths. ](/news/2017/06/14/michigan-attorney-general-bill-schuette-charges-five-people-including-the-director-of-the-michigan-department-of-health-and-human-services.md) _Context: Flint water crisis_
10. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Michigan_
