### [2016-12-16](/news/2016/12/16/index.md)

# China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS ''Bowditch'' in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. 

China will return an underwater U.S. drone seized by a naval vessel this week in the South China Sea, both countries said on Saturday, but Beijing complained that Washington had been &quot;hyping up&quot; the incident.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-drone-idUSKBN14526J)

### Related:

1. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, People's Liberation Army Navy, South China Sea_
2. [Satellite images show anti-aircraft guns and missile defence systems being built on artificial islands in the South China Sea; China had previously committed to not militarising its controversial developments in the region. ](/news/2016/12/14/satellite-images-show-anti-aircraft-guns-and-missile-defence-systems-being-built-on-artificial-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-china-had-pre.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands dispute_
3. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China's dismay over a U.S. Navy ship's sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-secretary-of-defense-ashton-carter-and-his-counterpart-from-malaysia-hishammuddin-hussein.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
5. [China-United States relations In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/chinaaunited-states-relations-pin-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
6. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
7. [Spratly Islands dispute:Philippine President Benigno Aquino III compares China's territory claims in the South China Sea to Nazi Germany's invasion of Czechoslovakia. ](/news/2014/02/5/spratly-islands-dispute-pphilippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-compares-china-s-territory-claims-in-the-south-china-sea-to-nazi-germany-s.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Spratly Islands dispute_
8. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier ''Liaoning'', sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
9. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea_
10. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea_
