### [2016-12-16](/news/2016/12/16/index.md)

# Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. 

Police early Saturday forcefully broke up an hours-long blockade of exits from the Polish parliament by protesters who said ruling party lawmakers violated the constitution by illegally passing the budget for next year.


### Source:

1. [Interia](http://fakty.interia.pl/polska/news-agnieszka-pomaska-prezes-pis-mnie-zaatakowal-wyrwal-mi-telef,nId,2323827)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/370590-poland-parliament-protest-police/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-poland-politics-crisis-idUSKBN1452TL?il=0)
4. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-poland-media-idUSKBN1451OJ?il=0)
4. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20161217&t=2&i=1165827963&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPECBG0DI)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. ](/news/2016/04/3/thousands-of-people-attended-a-pro-choice-rally-outside-parliament-of-poland-in-warsaw-after-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-the-leader-of-the-ruling.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party, Poland's parliament_
2. [The Polish presidential election is being held earlier, following the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski in a plane crash on 10 April 2010 near Smolensk. The two front-runners are Bronislaw Komorowski from the ruling center-right Civic Platform (Platforma Obywatelska) party and Jaroslaw Kaczynski from the right-wing Law and Justice (Prawo i Sprawiedliwosc) party. ](/news/2010/06/18/the-polish-presidential-election-is-being-held-earlier-following-the-death-of-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-in-a-plane-crash-on-10-april.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party_
3. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Poland's parliament_
4. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party_
5. [ Polish Prime Minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz has resigned. His party Law and Justice has recommended the post be taken over by its chairman Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is the identical twin brother of President Lech Kaczynski. ](/news/2006/07/7/polish-prime-minister-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-has-resigned-his-party-law-and-justice-has-recommended-the-post-be-taken-over-by-its-chairma.md) _Context: Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Law and Justice Party_
6. [ In the Polish presidential election, frontrunner Donald Tusk of the liberal (libertarian) Civic Platform party receives approximately 35.8% of the vote, slightly ahead of Lech Kaczynski of the conservative Law and Justice Party with 33.3%. A run-off election between Tusk and Kaczynski will take place on October 23. ](/news/2005/10/9/in-the-polish-presidential-election-frontrunner-donald-tusk-of-the-liberal-libertarian-civic-platform-party-receives-approximately-35-8.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Law and Justice Party_
7. [ Polish parliamentary election, 2005: As predicted by polls, support for Prime Minister Marek Belka's post-communist Alliance of the Democratic Left drops sharply to about 11%, while center-right opposition parties Law and Justice and Civic Platform will obtain about 28% and 26%, respectively. ](/news/2005/09/25/polish-parliamentary-election-2005-as-predicted-by-polls-support-for-prime-minister-marek-belka-s-post-communist-alliance-of-the-democra.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Law and Justice Party_
8. [Polish protesters block the parliament in order to prevent the possibility of legalizing restrictions on press freedom. ](/news/2016/12/19/polish-protesters-block-the-parliament-in-order-to-prevent-the-possibility-of-legalizing-restrictions-on-press-freedom.md) _Context: Poland's parliament_
9. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party_
10. [Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. ](/news/2015/12/12/poland-protests-thousands-march-against-the-law-and-justice-pis-party-in-warsaw-with-an-estimated-50-000-and-other-cities-protesting-pr.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party_
