### [2016-08-23](/news/2016/08/23/index.md)

# Philippine Drug War. The Philippine human rights commission says that the International Criminal Court may have jurisdiction over the mass killings. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/808902/chr-icc-may-exercise-jurisdiction-over-ph-drug-killings-if)

### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, drug war_
2. [Philippine Drug War. The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/philippine-drug-war-the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-presiden.md) _Context: Commission on Human Rights, drug war_
3. [Philippine Drug War. The Philippine senate investigates the shooting of a 17-year old male student seemingly connected to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/24/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-senate-investigates-the-shooting-of-a-17-year-old-male-student-seemingly-connected-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: drug war_
4. [Philippine Drug War. After the murder of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-murder-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines-th.md) _Context: drug war_
5. [Philippine Drug War. The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: drug war_
6. [Philippine Drug War. At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/philippine-drug-war-at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecuti.md) _Context: drug war_
7. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali. The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
8. [Philippine Drug War. At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: drug war_
9. [Libyan Civil War. The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/libyan-civil-war-the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-followin.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [Philippine Drug War. Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech calling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/philippine-drug-war-senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in.md) _Context: drug war_
