### [2016-08-23](/news/2016/08/23/index.md)

# The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. 

The matter is likely to come up when US Vice&nbsp;President Joe Biden&nbsp;travels to Ankara for an official trip on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/turkey-seeks-extradition-of-us-based-cleric-fethullah-gulen-10549100)

### Related:

1. [The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-united-states-state-department-and-the-pentagon-order-families-of-u-s-diplomats-and-military-personnel-to-leave-posts-in-southern-turke.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations, United States State Department_
2. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
3. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
4. [Turkish authorities detain 55 military and intelligence agency personnel over suspected links to U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/10/5/turkish-authorities-detain-55-military-and-intelligence-agency-personnel-over-suspected-links-to-u-s-based-cleric-fethullah-ga1-4len.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
5. [Turkey dismisses another 10,000 civil servants and closes 15 more media outlets for alleged ties to terrorist organizations and cleric Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/10/30/turkey-dismisses-another-10-000-civil-servants-and-closes-15-more-media-outlets-for-alleged-ties-to-terrorist-organizations-and-cleric-fethu.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
6. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
7. [A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influentia.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
8. [The U.S Air Force deploys six F-15C fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base to help defend Turkish airspace against potential intruders. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-air-force-deploys-six-f-15c-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-to-help-defend-turkish-airspace-against-potential-intruders.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
9. [Turkey issues an arrest warrant for Fethullah Gulen, who currently lives in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/20/turkey-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-currently-lives-in-self-imposed-exile-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
10. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Turkey_
