### [2016-08-23](/news/2016/08/23/index.md)

# The Philippine human rights commission says that the International Criminal Court may have jurisdiction over the mass killings. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/808902/chr-icc-may-exercise-jurisdiction-over-ph-drug-killings-if)

### Related:

1. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Philippine Drug War_
2. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Commission on Human Rights, Philippine Drug War_
3. [After the murder of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/after-the-murder-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines-thousands-of-marchers-p.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War_
4. [The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year-old-kian-loyd-delos-s.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War_
5. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
6. [At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecutive-anti-drug-operatio.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War_
7. [At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War_
8. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
9. [Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech caling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in-his-privilege-speech.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War_
10. [Sixteen people, including Mayor Reynaldo Parojinog Sr. and his wife, are killed in a police drug raid in Ozamiz City in the province of Misamis Occidental. The Parojinog family had been previously identified with their ties to the illegal drug trade, as well as the organized crime group Kuratong Baleleng. ](/news/2017/07/30/sixteen-people-including-mayor-reynaldo-parojinog-sr-and-his-wife-are-killed-in-a-police-drug-raid-in-ozamiz-city-in-the-province-of-misa.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War_
