### [2008-12-31](/news/2008/12/31/index.md)

#  Several bombs and further threats by a disgruntled resident lead police to evacuate downtown Aspen, Colorado, United States. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/02/us/02aspen.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
2. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _Context: United States, bomb_
3. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
4. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
5. [A gunman critically wounds a student in a shooting at Arapahoe High School, Centennial, Colorado, United States. ](/news/2013/12/13/a-gunman-critically-wounds-a-student-in-a-shooting-at-arapahoe-high-school-centennial-colorado-united-states.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
6. [Floods and mudslides in Manitou Springs, Colorado, United States leave at least three people missing and one dead. ](/news/2013/08/10/floods-and-mudslides-in-manitou-springs-colorado-united-states-leave-at-least-three-people-missing-and-one-dead.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
7. [The suspect wanted in connection with the shooting death of prison chief Tom Clements in Colorado, is believed to be the man that was killed in a shootout with deputies in Montague County, Texas, United States. A deputy was seriously injured in the shootout. ](/news/2013/03/21/the-suspect-wanted-in-connection-with-the-shooting-death-of-prison-chief-tom-clements-in-colorado-is-believed-to-be-the-man-that-was-killed.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
8. [Twenty-three people allegedly linked to the Mexican Los Zetas Cartel are indicted in the US state of Colorado for allegedly trying to smuggle marijuana in the United States. ](/news/2011/07/11/twenty-three-people-allegedly-linked-to-the-mexican-los-zetas-cartel-are-indicted-in-the-us-state-of-colorado-for-allegedly-trying-to-smuggl.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
9. [Eight people are missing and at least fifty-four houses are destroyed in a wildfire burning west of Boulder, Colorado, in the United States. ](/news/2010/09/8/eight-people-are-missing-and-at-least-fifty-four-houses-are-destroyed-in-a-wildfire-burning-west-of-boulder-colorado-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
10. [A wind-driven wildfire in the United States state of Colorado leads to the evacuation of 1,000 houses. ](/news/2010/09/6/a-wind-driven-wildfire-in-the-united-states-state-of-colorado-leads-to-the-evacuation-of-1-000-houses.md) _Context: Colorado, United States_
