### [2012-01-23](/news/2012/01/23/index.md)

# A group of Gaddafi loyalists take control of part of the town of Bani Walid and fly the green flag after a battle with NTC forces left 5 dead and 20 injured. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/gaddafi-supporters-seize-control-of-libyan-town/)

### Related:

1. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi, revolts_
2. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting: The Libyan Army launches a new full-scale assault against the town of Bani Walid, accusing it of being controlled by supporters of the late Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2012/10/19/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-the-libyan-army-launches-a-new-full-scale-assault-against-the-town-of-bani-walid-accusing-it-of-b.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war:Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdeposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-national-transitional-council-forces-gain-control-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-stronghold-of-bani-walid-after-a-blood.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: Fighting continues in the city of Bani Walid, one of the few remaining towns loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi, between pro-Gaddafi fighters and besieging forces loyal to the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/16/2011-libyan-civil-war-fighting-continues-in-the-city-of-bani-walid-one-of-the-few-remaining-towns-loyal-to-the-ousted-dictator-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: forces loyal to deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi launch a counter-attack against opposition fighters in the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte.  ](/news/2011/09/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-launch-a-counter-attack-against-opposition-fighters-in-the-to.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
7. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [Post-civil war clashes in Libya:Gunmen attack a military checkpoint near Bani Walid leaving 15 soldiers dead. ](/news/2013/10/5/post-civil-war-clashes-in-libya-pgunmen-attack-a-military-checkpoint-near-bani-walid-leaving-15-soldiers-dead.md) _Context: Bani Walid_
