### [2016-11-9](/news/2016/11/9/index.md)

# Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. 

Maine has joined California, Nevada and Massachusetts in backing recreational marijuana use in state-wide polls.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/thousands-us-protest-president-elect-donald-trump/story?id=43427653)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-37932219)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-37917472)
4. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/09/politics/election-results-reaction-streets/index.html)
5. [The Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/politics/ct-ballot-measures-marijuana-gun-control-minimum-wage-20161108-story.html)
6. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/09/us/politics/hillary-clinton-donald-trump-president.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=span-abc-region&region=span-abc-region&WT.nav=span-abc-region)
7. [Time](http://time.com/4564119/california-calexit-donald-trump-victory/)
7. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/C8F4/production/_92344415_hi036287284.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
5. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, Republican_
7. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic, Donald Trump, Republican_
8. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college-vote-to-rise-to-306-hillary-clinton-s-mar.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, United States presidential election, 2016_
