### [2016-11-9](/news/2016/11/9/index.md)

# The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/09/politics/canada-immigration-website-down-trump-trnd/)

### Related:

1. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
2. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
3. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
4. [''Star Wars: The Force Awakens'' becomes the highest-grossing film ever in the United States and Canada, overtaking ''Avatar''. ](/news/2016/01/6/star-wars-the-force-awakens-becomes-the-highest-grossing-film-ever-in-the-united-states-and-canada-overtaking-avatar.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
6. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
7. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
8. [The United States, Canada, and Jordan boycott a meeting of the UN General Assembly organized by a former Serbian foreign minister, Vuk Jeremic. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-united-states-canada-and-jordan-boycott-a-meeting-of-the-un-general-assembly-organized-by-a-former-serbian-foreign-minister-vuk-jerem.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
9. [Daylight saving time goes into effect across the United States (except Arizona and Hawaii) and Canada (except Saskatchewan). ](/news/2013/03/10/daylight-saving-time-goes-into-effect-across-the-united-states-except-arizona-and-hawaii-and-canada-except-saskatchewan.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
10. [February 2013 nor'easter: The death toll from a massive blizzard across the Northeastern United States and southeastern Canada rises to at least 15, with 40 inches of snow reported from Hamden, Connecticut. More than 900,000 customers lost power at the height of the storm, while airports in the region cancelled over 5,300 flights. ](/news/2013/02/9/february-2013-nor-easter-the-death-toll-from-a-massive-blizzard-across-the-northeastern-united-states-and-southeastern-canada-rises-to-at-l.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
