### [2012-07-1](/news/2012/07/1/index.md)

# A Soyuz space capsule containing Oleg Kononenko (Russia), Andr Kuipers (Netherlands) and Don Pettit (United States) lands safely in Kazakhstan. 

Read the latest World and International news headlines from Sky News Australia. For coverage of breaking news from around the World visit skynews.com.au.


### Source:

1. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/world/article.aspx?id=767009&vId=)

### Related:

1. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia, Soyuz, United States_
2. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia, United States_
3. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [Women's rights: Belgium supports a plan by Dutch minister Lilianne Ploumen to launch a fund compensating worldwide for the United States' newly-reinstated Mexico City policy. ](/news/2017/01/25/women-s-rights-belgium-supports-a-plan-by-dutch-minister-lilianne-ploumen-to-launch-a-fund-compensating-worldwide-for-the-united-states-ne.md) _Context: Netherlands, United States_
6. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia_
7. [Battle of Aleppo: Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/battle-of-aleppo-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-betwee.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
10. [Syrian peace process: France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
