### [2012-07-1](/news/2012/07/1/index.md)

# Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. 

Mexico goes to the polls to elect a new president on July 1, and Texas lawmakers are paying almost as much attention to that event as to the November election here.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2012/07/02/uk-mexico-election-idUKBRE86009920120702)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/01/us/texas-lawmakers-warily-watch-mexicos-election.html?pagewanted=all)

### Related:

1. [Enrique Pea Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is declared the winner of the Mexican presidential elections. ](/news/2012/08/31/enrique-pena-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-mexican-presidential-elections.md) _Context: Enrique Pea Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican presidential elections_
2. [A recount of ballot papers in the 2012 Mexican presidential election confirms Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party as the winner. ](/news/2012/07/5/a-recount-of-ballot-papers-in-the-2012-mexican-presidential-election-confirms-enrique-pena-nieto-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-as.md) _Context: Enrique Pea Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican presidential elections_
3. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
4. [A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-institutional-revolutionary-par.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
5. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexican presidential elections_
6. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexican presidential elections, Mexico_
7. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for local elections in the states of Mexico, Coahuila, Nayarit, Puebla and Hidalgo. [http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/03/us-mexico-elections-idUSTRE7621M120110703 (Reuters)]Opposition PRI sweeps the three gubernatorial elections in the State of Mexico, Coahuila and Nayarit. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]Eruviel Avila Villegas of the PRI is elected Governor of the State of Mexico, defeating Alejandro Encinas of the PRD by 40 points. [http://www.americasquarterly.org/node/2633 (Americas Quarterly)]Ruben Moreira Valdez of the PRI is elected Governor of Coahuila.Roberto Sandoval Castaneda of the PRI is elected Governor of Nayarit.](/news/2011/07/3/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-the-states-of-mexico-coahuila-nayarit-puebla-and-hidalgo-http-www-reuters-com.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
8. [Local government elections in The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with-the-nat.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
9. [ Bombs explode at Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal, an opposition party's headquarters and a bank in the capital. ](/news/2006/11/6/bombs-explode-at-mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-an-opposition-party-s-headquarters-and-a-bank-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
10. [ In Mexico, Enrique Pea of the Institutional Revolutionary Party wins election for a governor in the state of Mxico.  ](/news/2005/07/3/in-mexico-enrique-pena-of-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-wins-election-for-a-governor-in-the-state-of-mexico.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
