
Formats: [HTML](/news/2008/07/22/based-on-initial-clinical-trials-the-drug-abiraterone-is-hailed-as-a-potentially-historic-advance-in-the-treatment-of-prostate-cancer.html)  [JSON](/news/2008/07/22/based-on-initial-clinical-trials-the-drug-abiraterone-is-hailed-as-a-potentially-historic-advance-in-the-treatment-of-prostate-cancer.json)  [XML](/news/2008/07/22/based-on-initial-clinical-trials-the-drug-abiraterone-is-hailed-as-a-potentially-historic-advance-in-the-treatment-of-prostate-cancer.xml)  

### [2008-07-22](/news/2008/07/22/index.md)

##### clinical trial
#  Based on initial clinical trials, the drug abiraterone is hailed as a potentially historic advance in the treatment of prostate cancer. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/7502238.stm)

### Related:

1. [One person is brain dead and five people are critically ill in Rennes, France, from a clinical trial of an experimental drug made by Portuguese drug company Bial. The six men, aged 28 to 49, had been in good health prior to the start of this test. All trials on the drug are suspended. ](/news/2016/01/15/one-person-is-brain-dead-and-five-people-are-critically-ill-in-rennes-france-from-a-clinical-trial-of-an-experimental-drug-made-by-portugu.md) _Context: clinical trial_
2. [According to industry sources, the Indian health ministry is considering Sanofi Pasteur's dengue fever vaccine for large-scale clinical trial exemption which would accelerate approval for marketing. India reported a record number of dengue fever cases this year. ](/news/2015/12/22/according-to-industry-sources-the-indian-health-ministry-is-considering-sanofi-pasteur-s-dengue-fever-vaccine-for-large-scale-clinical-tria.md) _Context: clinical trial_
3. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
4. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
5. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
