### [2010-07-27](/news/2010/07/27/index.md)

# An oil spill in Dalian, China, is contained from reaching international waters. 




### Source:

1. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2010-07/27/content_11052491.htm)

### Related:

1. [Volunteers use their hands to clean an oil spill in the Yellow Sea after pipelines burst off Dalian in Northeastern China's Liaoning Province, spilling 1,500 tonnes of oil and covering an area close to 1,000 km2 and about 90 km of coast. ](/news/2010/07/22/volunteers-use-their-hands-to-clean-an-oil-spill-in-the-yellow-sea-after-pipelines-burst-off-dalian-in-northeastern-china-s-liaoning-provinc.md) _Context: Dalian, oil spill_
2. [The carrier USS "Ronald Reagan", during a military exercise with South Korea in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes, according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-carrier-uss-ronald-reagan-during-a-military-exercise-with-south-korea-in-the-sea-of-japan-s-international-waters-scrambled-four-figh.md) _Context: international waters_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea:: Warships of the United States and China confront each other in international waters within the South China Sea. ](/news/2013/12/13/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-warships-of-the-united-states-and-china-confront-each-other-in-international-waters-within-the.md) _Context: international waters_
4. [Two Italian marines accused of murdering Indian fishermen in international waters return to India to face legal charges, defusing a standoff between the two countries. ](/news/2013/03/22/two-italian-marines-accused-of-murdering-indian-fishermen-in-international-waters-return-to-india-to-face-legal-charges-defusing-a-standoff.md) _Context: international waters_
5. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: international waters_
6. [Authorities in the north-eastern Chinese city of Dalian order a petrochemical plant, which produces paraxylene (PX), to be shut down and relocated, after tens of thousands of local residents protested through the streets on Sunday, fearing potential pollution. The protests resembled to a similar case, when citizens went on a protest "stroll" in the southeastern city of Xiamen in June 2007. ](/news/2011/08/15/authorities-in-the-north-eastern-chinese-city-of-dalian-order-a-petrochemical-plant-which-produces-paraxylene-px-to-be-shut-down-and-rel.md) _Context: Dalian_
7. [Freedom Flotilla II:: The French ship "Dignity Al Karama" is reported to have successfully reached international waters and is heading for the Gaza Strip, with hopes expressed that the remaining unsabotaged ships currently being held by Greek authorities will soon join it. ](/news/2011/07/6/freedom-flotilla-ii-the-french-ship-dignity-al-karama-is-reported-to-have-successfully-reached-international-waters-and-is-heading-for-t.md) _Context: international waters_
8. [The Chinese Navy announces that it is building its first aircraft carrier in the city of Dalian to be launched later in 2011. ](/news/2011/06/8/the-chinese-navy-announces-that-it-is-building-its-first-aircraft-carrier-in-the-city-of-dalian-to-be-launched-later-in-2011.md) _Context: Dalian_
9. [Freedom Flotilla II: The international flotilla sets sail one year after the deadly raid on a previous flotilla by Israeli commandos in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/29/freedom-flotilla-ii-the-international-flotilla-sets-sail-one-year-after-the-deadly-raid-on-a-previous-flotilla-by-israeli-commandos-in-inte.md) _Context: international waters_
10. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: international waters_
