### [2010-07-27](/news/2010/07/27/index.md)

# The United States Congress provides funding for a troop increase for the War in Afghanistan. 

The Congress on Tuesday gave President Barack Obama long-delayed funding for his troop increase in Afghanistan despite opposition from many fellow Democrats, while Obama played down the gravity of leaked war documents.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE66O1G220100728)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: United States military, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State Clinton notifies Congress of her intent to include the Haqqani network on the government's terror list. An attache at the Embassy of Pakistan in Washington dismisses the decision as an "internal matter" of the United States and reaffirms Pakistan's commitment to "combating extremism and terrorism." Haqqani senior commanders say the decision will not help in bringing peace to Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/09/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-clinton-notifies-congress-of-her-intent-to-include-the-haqqani-network-on-the-government-s-terror-list-an-attacha-c.md) _Context: United States Congress, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [The U.S. military is sending M1 Abrams tanks to Afghanistan for the first time in the nine-year  war in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/11/19/the-u-s-military-is-sending-m1-abrams-tanks-to-afghanistan-for-the-first-time-in-the-nine-year-war-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: United States military, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [7 American soldiers are killed in fighting in Afghanistan over the weekend. ](/news/2010/08/29/7-american-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-in-afghanistan-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: United States military, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [ United States President Barack Obama authorizes the deployment of 12,000 more soldiers into the Afghanistan War. ](/news/2009/02/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-authorizes-the-deployment-of-12-000-more-soldiers-into-the-afghanistan-war.md) _Context: United States military, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [ War in Afghanistan (2001-present): U.S. troops open fire after a suicide bomb attack on a convoy and kill 8 or more civilians on the main road linking Jalalabad with the Pakistan border. Local people protest at the soldiers' actions. ](/news/2007/03/4/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-p-u-s-troops-open-fire-after-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-convoy-and-kill-8-or-more-civilians-on-the-mai.md) _Context: United States military, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's ''de facto'' Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: United States military_
9. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts  an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international  waters of the  Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-para.md) _Context: United States military_
10. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Congress_
