### [2013-06-17](/news/2013/06/17/index.md)

# Brazilians go to the streets in SGBPo Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and other cities to claim against the rise of the public transport fee, being part of the 2013 protests in Brazil.




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-22946736)
2. [News Day](http://www.newsday.com/news/world/another-round-of-protests-in-brazilian-cities-1.5501273)

### Related:

1. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo_
2. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
3. [The Ambassador of Greece to Brazil, Kyriakos Amiridis, is reported missing while on vacation in Rio de Janeiro. A homicide team is investigating his disappearance. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-ambassador-of-greece-to-brazil-kyriakos-amiridis-is-reported-missing-while-on-vacation-in-rio-de-janeiro-a-homicide-team-is-investiga.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
4. [American Olympic swimmers Ryan Lochte, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen claim they were robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro by men posing as Brazilian police officers. ](/news/2016/08/14/american-olympic-swimmers-ryan-lochte-gunnar-bentz-jack-conger-and-jimmy-feigen-claim-they-were-robbed-at-gunpoint-in-rio-de-janeiro-by-me.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
5. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-fo.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
6. [Brazilian Police say they have identified and are searching for four of the more than 30 men suspected in last Saturday's gang rape of a 16-year-old girl in Rio de Janeiro. The assault came to light after several men posted about the attack online. ](/news/2016/05/28/brazilian-police-say-they-have-identified-and-are-searching-for-four-of-the-more-than-30-men-suspected-in-last-saturday-s-gang-rape-of-a-16.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
7. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
8. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
9. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: SGBPo Paulo_
10. [At least 15 people are killed by flooding and mudslides in and around SGBPo Paulo, Brazil, following heavy rain. ](/news/2016/03/11/at-least-15-people-are-killed-by-flooding-and-mudslides-in-and-around-sagbpo-paulo-brazil-following-heavy-rain.md) _Context: SGBPo Paulo_
