### [2010-08-24](/news/2010/08/24/index.md)

# Two Catalonian aid workers kidnapped in Mauritania by Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb return home. 

* Back in Barcelona, pair say they were treated well * EU to draft U.N. resolution on aid worker safety * Al Qaeda welcomes Spain cooperation, c


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/08/2010823133654511834.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSLDE67M1V2)

### Related:

1. [The army in Mauritania destroy a car packed with explosives outside the capital Nouakchott, killing three people suspected of being members of Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. ](/news/2011/02/2/the-army-in-mauritania-destroy-a-car-packed-with-explosives-outside-the-capital-nouakchott-killing-three-people-suspected-of-being-members.md) _Context: Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, Mauritania_
2. [Mauritania extradites a man to Mali convicted for kidnapping three Spanish aid workers believed to be held by the Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb. ](/news/2010/08/18/mauritania-extradites-a-man-to-mali-convicted-for-kidnapping-three-spanish-aid-workers-believed-to-be-held-by-the-al-qaeda-organization-in-t.md) _Context: Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, Mauritania_
3. [The Al-Qaeda Organization in the Islamic Maghreb announces it has killed a French hostage in Mali after a failed rescue attempt by French and Mauritanian troops. ](/news/2010/07/25/the-al-qaeda-organization-in-the-islamic-maghreb-announces-it-has-killed-a-french-hostage-in-mali-after-a-failed-rescue-attempt-by-french-an.md) _Context: Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, Mauritania_
4. [Mauritania recalls its ambassador from Mali after the latter released four members of Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. ](/news/2010/02/23/mauritania-recalls-its-ambassador-from-mali-after-the-latter-released-four-members-of-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb.md) _Context: Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, Mauritania_
5. [Voters in Mauritania participate in a referendum on whether to amend the Constitution of Mauritania, with the abolition of the Senate and addition of red bands to the flag of Mauritania among the most significant proposed changes. The OCHR has criticised Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz's government for apparent suppression of opposition protests. ](/news/2017/08/5/voters-in-mauritania-participate-in-a-referendum-on-whether-to-amend-the-constitution-of-mauritania-with-the-abolition-of-the-senate-and-ad.md) _Context: Mauritania_
6. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: Mauritania_
7. [ 2016 Nampala attack: At least 12 soldiers are killed and 27 others injured after unidentified militants briefly overrun a government base in central Mali, near the border with Mauritania. The attackers also burn and loot the adjacent village of Nampala. ](/news/2016/07/19/2016-nampala-attack-at-least-12-soldiers-are-killed-and-27-others-injured-after-unidentified-militants-briefly-overrun-a-government-base-i.md) _Context: Mauritania_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalonia_
9. [Gunmen attack a Malian military checkpoint in the town of Lere, near the Mauritanian border with Mali, killing at least three soldiers and wounding two others. ](/news/2016/02/24/gunmen-attack-a-malian-military-checkpoint-in-the-town-of-la-c-ra-c-near-the-mauritanian-border-with-mali-killing-at-least-three-soldiers-and.md) _Context: Mauritania_
10. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's  center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90  (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party  system since neither  major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's  new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who  ascended the throne in June 2014,  is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalonia_
