### [2003-11-19](/news/2003/11/19/index.md)

#  A tabloid journalist claims to have penetrated Buckingham Palace security preceding the visit of U.S. President George W. Bush to the UK. The Palace is seeking a restraining order to prevent "The Mirror" from publishing further information about the royal household.




### Related:

1. [ Al Jazeera bombing memo: British "Daily Mirror" tabloid publishes an article suggesting that George W. Bush discussed with Tony Blair a plan to bomb the offices of the Al Jazeera TV station. ](/news/2005/11/22/al-jazeera-bombing-memo-british-daily-mirror-tabloid-publishes-an-article-suggesting-that-george-w-bush-discussed-with-tony-blair-a-pla.md) _Context: George W. Bush, tabloid_
2. [ "The Sun", the largest selling British tabloid newspaper, publishes more surreptitiously taken pictures of Saddam Hussein, while claiming to condemn the leaking of the first photographs. Other pictures also published show the imprisoned Ali Hassan al-Majid ("Chemical Ali") and Huda Salih Mahdi Ammash ("Mrs Anthrax"). President Bush intervenes to support an investigation into the leaking of the photos. ](/news/2005/05/21/the-sun-the-largest-selling-british-tabloid-newspaper-publishes-more-surreptitiously-taken-pictures-of-saddam-hussein-while-claiming-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, tabloid_
3. [ The British tabloid newspaper "The Daily Mirror", which published photos allegedly depicting British Army soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners, concedes that it was hoaxed, apologises, and sacks its editor Piers Morgan. ](/news/2004/05/14/the-british-tabloid-newspaper-the-daily-mirror-which-published-photos-allegedly-depicting-british-army-soldiers-abusing-iraqi-prisoners.md) _Context: The Daily Mirror, tabloid_
4. [ Large parts of central London are to be sealed off during US President George W. Bush's state visit to the United Kingdom next week. Due to security concerns Bush is to be denied the traditional state ceremonial carriage-ride up the Mall to Buckingham Palace normally accorded to heads of state.](/news/2003/11/11/large-parts-of-central-london-are-to-be-sealed-off-during-us-president-george-w-bush-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-next-week-due-to.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace, George W. Bush_
5. [Two British police officers were assaulted with a sword while trying to arrest a man outside Buckingham Palace. ](/news/2017/08/25/two-british-police-officers-were-assaulted-with-a-sword-while-trying-to-arrest-a-man-outside-buckingham-palace.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
6. [Buckingham Palace announces that 95-year-old Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the Prince consort of Queen Elizabeth II, will retire from royal duties in August. ](/news/2017/05/4/buckingham-palace-announces-that-95-year-old-prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-the-prince-consort-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-will-retire-from-ro.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [Around 10,000 people attend a street party in front of Buckingham Palace to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/06/12/around-10-000-people-attend-a-street-party-in-front-of-buckingham-palace-to-celebrate-queen-elizabeth-ii-s-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
9. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: injunction_
10. [A man is arrested after attempting to enter Buckingham Palace, London, while in possession of a knife. ](/news/2013/10/14/a-man-is-arrested-after-attempting-to-enter-buckingham-palace-london-while-in-possession-of-a-knife.md) _Context: Buckingham Palace_
