### [2015-09-21](/news/2015/09/21/index.md)

# French regulator Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertes (CNIL) rejects Google, Inc.'s appeal of their order that the company remove 'Right to be forgotten (RTBF)' search results worldwide. Failure to comply could subject Google to sanctions, from -300,000 (US$460,000) to 5 percent of global operating costs. 

Search engine’s attempt to block French order to apply delistings to its google.com domain, not just its European sites, dismissed in ground-breaking case


### Source:

1. [PC World](http://www.pcworld.com/article/2984524/privacy/france-rejects-googles-appeal-on-right-to-be-forgotten.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/sep/21/french-google-right-to-be-forgotten-appeal)

### Related:

1. [Britain's Information Commissioner's Office orders Google, Inc. to remove, from its search engines, links to news stories about Google's implementation of a "right to be forgotten" request, that include identifying information about a decade-old shoplifting conviction, which the Information Commission's Office considers as being no longer relevant. The order applies only in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2015/08/21/britain-s-information-commissioner-s-office-orders-google-inc-to-remove-from-its-search-engines-links-to-news-stories-about-google-s-imp.md) _Context: Google, Right to be forgotten (RTBF)_
2. [European Union competition law. The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: Google_
3. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Google_
4. [Google introduces a so-called "fact checking" feature on its news aggregate service to combat alleged political bias. ](/news/2016/10/15/google-introduces-a-so-called-fact-checking-feature-on-its-news-aggregate-service-to-combat-alleged-political-bias.md) _Context: Google_
5. [Warner Brothers is accused of self-censorship after it tagged its own websites for copyright infringement through the search engine Google. ](/news/2016/09/6/warner-brothers-is-accused-of-self-censorship-after-it-tagged-its-own-websites-for-copyright-infringement-through-the-search-engine-google.md) _Context: Google_
6. [November 2015 Paris attacks. The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/november-2015-paris-attacks-the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015.md) _Context: Google_
7. [A lawsuit brought against Google by Oracle Corporation accusing Google of using copyrighted code for the Android operating system is decided in Google's favor. ](/news/2016/05/26/a-lawsuit-brought-against-google-by-oracle-corporation-accusing-google-of-using-copyrighted-code-for-the-android-operating-system-is-decided.md) _Context: Google_
8. [Google's offices in central Paris are raided by French finance officials as part of a tax fraud investigation. Google is accused of owing -1.6bn ($1.8bn; GBP1.3bn) in unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/05/24/google-s-offices-in-central-paris-are-raided-by-french-finance-officials-as-part-of-a-tax-fraud-investigation-google-is-accused-of-owing.md) _Context: Google_
9. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: Google_
10. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.-s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo-s core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-s-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Google_
