### [2015-09-21](/news/2015/09/21/index.md)

# Iraq War (2014-present). An Islamic State car bomb kills at least 12 people in Baghdad. 

At least 17 people were killed in and around the Iraqi capital on Monday in four bomb attacks, including a car bomb claimed by Islamic State militants, while rockets landed near Baghdad airport.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/21/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-violence-idUSKCN0RL1SV20150921)

### Related:

1. [2015 Baghdad market truck bomb. Iraq War (2014-present). A truck bombing in Baghdad, Iraq kills at least 76 people and wounds 212 others. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/08/13/2015-baghdad-market-truck-bomb-iraq-war-2014-present-a-truck-bombing-in-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-76-people-and-wounds-212-others.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraq War (2014-present). An Iraqi Air Force Sukhoi Su-25 jet, returning from a bombing raid against ISIL militants in the north, accidentally drops a bomb on Baghdad destroying several homes and killing at least 7 civilians. American officials claimed that as many as 65% of Iraqi air force bombers do not drop their bombs due to "lack of targets". ](/news/2015/07/6/iraq-war-2014-present-an-iraqi-air-force-sukhoi-su-25-jet-returning-from-a-bombing-raid-against-isil-militants-in-the-north-accidenta.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War. Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing. A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War. The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi civil war. Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War. Twin bombings in a pair of crowded commercial areas in Baghdad kill at least 125 people. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/3/iraqi-civil-war-twin-bombings-in-a-pair-of-crowded-commercial-areas-in-baghdad-kill-at-least-125-people-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]](/news/2016/07/24/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi civil war (2014-present). Ar-Rutbah offensive (2016). Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ar-rutbah-offensive-2016-iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 11 May 2016 Baghdad bombings. At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-11-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
