### [2015-09-21](/news/2015/09/21/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. Government forces target al-Shaar neighborhood in eastern Aleppo city with surface-to-surface missiles, hitting a crowded public market, killing more than 30 civilians and dozens wounded. 

ARA News ALEPPO – At least 3o civilians were killed and dozens wounded in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo amid heavy bombardment by forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad, activists reported on Monday. Pro-Assad forces targeted al-Shaar neighborhood in eastern Aleppo with surface-to-surface missiles on Monday afternoon. &#8220;The missiles hit a crowded public market in al-Shaar, causing dozens &hellip;


### Source:

1. [Ara News](http://aranews.net/2015/09/pro-assad-forces-target-aleppo-public-market-with-missiles-dozens-killed/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/21/us-mideast-crisis-syria-drones-idUSKCN0RL1CI20150921)

### Related:

1. [Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-i.md) _Context: Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. IHS Jane's reports satellite photos, taken in mid-September, show Russian forces developing two additional military facilities near Syria's Mediterranean coast. ](/news/2015/09/22/syrian-civil-war-russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-ihs-jane-s-reports-satellite-photos-taken-in-mid-september-show-russian-forces-de.md) _Context: Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. United States Department of Defense says that Russia has deployed armoured vehicles and troops to Syria in what has been described as the "first clear sign of offensive weapons arriving in Syria" and "the largest deployment of Russian forces outside the former Soviet Union since the collapse of the USSR". ](/news/2015/09/14/syrian-civil-war-russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-united-states-department-of-defense-says-that-russia-has-deployed-armoured-vehicles.md) _Context: Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
