### [2015-01-14](/news/2015/01/14/index.md)

# The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/dc03e4dd1cbd4f0d862ca68d0324789d/japan-cabinet-oks-record-military-budget-eye-china)

### Related:

1. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: China, Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [China-Japan relations: Senkaku Islands dispute: Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/china-japan-relations-senkaku-islands-dispute-japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army.md) _Context: China, East China Sea, Japan_
3. [A day after Sunday's trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minist.md) _Context: China, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Economy of Japan: The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/economy-of-japan-the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [Senkaku Islands dispute:: China delimits an "air-defence identification zone" over an area of the East China Sea, covering Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands, also claimed by Japan. ](/news/2013/11/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-china-delimits-an-air-defence-identification-zone-over-an-area-of-the-east-china-sea-covering-diaoyu-senkaku-is.md) _Context: China, East China Sea, Japan_
7. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [ Japanese political activist Yoshihiro Tanjo is charged with intimidation for cutting off his little finger and sending it to the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe over Shinzo's refusal to visit the Yasukuni shrine to commemorate Japan's World War II dead. ](/news/2007/08/23/japanese-political-activist-yoshihiro-tanjo-is-charged-with-intimidation-for-cutting-off-his-little-finger-and-sending-it-to-the-prime-mini.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [ On the 62nd anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his ministers do not visit the Yasukuni Shrine. ](/news/2007/08/15/on-the-62nd-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender-in-world-war-ii-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-and-his-ministers-do-not-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [ Iccho Itoh, Mayor of Nagasaki, Japan, dies after being shot in a suspected gangland killing on Tuesday. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe denounces the murder as unforgivable. ](/news/2007/04/18/iccho-itoh-mayor-of-nagasaki-japan-dies-after-being-shot-in-a-suspected-gangland-killing-on-tuesday-japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
