### [2015-07-22](/news/2015/07/22/index.md)

#   Three people die in a collision between a Pendolino train and a lorry that occurred near Studenka, north Moravia, in the Czech Republic. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC news](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/high-speed-train-collides-truck-czech-republic-32609350)
2. [Yahoo news](http://news.yahoo.com/high-speed-train-collides-truck-czech-republic-073742844.html)
3. [ČTK](http://www.ceskenoviny.cz/news/zpravy/two-people-die-in-train-accident-in-north-moravia/1240168)

### Related:

1. [ Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka has announced that he will submit his government's resignation because of a disagreement with Finance Minister Andrej Babis. ](/news/2017/05/2/czech-prime-minister-bohuslav-sobotka-has-announced-that-he-will-submit-his-government-s-resignation-because-of-a-disagreement-with-finance.md) _Context: Czech_
2. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech_
3. [ Six people are hurt as an unknown assailant fires shots at a Czech tourist bus on the A7 autoroute near Saulce-sur-Rhone in southeastern France. ](/news/2016/06/5/six-people-are-hurt-as-an-unknown-assailant-fires-shots-at-a-czech-tourist-bus-on-the-a7-autoroute-near-saulce-sur-rha-ne-in-southeastern-f.md) _Context: Czech_
4. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech_
5. [Leaders of the Czech Republic choose "Czechia" as the one-word alternative name of their country to make it easier for companies, politicians and sportsmen to use on products, name tags and sporting jerseys. However, this change must still win cabinet approval before the foreign ministry can lodge the name with the United Nations for it to become the country's official short name. ](/news/2016/04/15/leaders-of-the-czech-republic-choose-aczechiaa-as-the-one-word-alternative-name-of-their-country-to-make-it-easier-for-companies-politi.md) _Context: Czech_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech_
7. [Five people are killed in an avalanche that buried 17 Czechs in Austria. ](/news/2016/02/6/five-people-are-killed-in-an-avalanche-that-buried-17-czechs-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech_
8. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Czech_
9. [In tennis, the Czech Republic retains the Fed Cup defeating Russia 3-2 in the final played at the O2 Arena in Prague. This is the Czech Republic's fourth title in five years. ](/news/2015/11/15/in-tennis-the-czech-republic-retains-the-fed-cup-defeating-russia-3-2-in-the-final-played-at-the-o2-arena-in-prague-this-is-the-czech-repu.md) _Context: Czech_
10. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Czech_
