### [2000-12-5](/news/2000/12/5/index.md)

# United Nations Security Council Resolution 1330 is unanimously adopted and extends provisions relating to the export of Iraqi petroleum or petroleum products in return for humanitarian aid for a further 2000 days.




### Related:

1. [A convoy carrying much-needed nutritional and medical aid reaches the besieged town Darayya, the first time since 2012. The only food delivered was baby milk. A 48-hour ceasefire for the town came into force today. ](/news/2016/06/1/a-convoy-carrying-much-needed-nutritional-and-medical-aid-reaches-the-besieged-town-darayya-the-first-time-since-2012-the-only-food-delive.md) _Context: aid_
2. [ Norway Foreign Minister Borge Brende says his government is doubling humanitarian aid to Afghanistan to around 200 million kroner (US$24 million). ](/news/2016/05/21/norway-foreign-minister-ba-rge-brende-says-his-government-is-doubling-humanitarian-aid-to-afghanistan-to-around-200-million-kroner-us-24-m.md) _Context: aid_
3. [Staffan de Mistura, U.N. envoy to Syria, says there has been "real but modest" progress in the country's humanitarian situation, despite the shaken ceasefire. Aid convoys have reached 560,000 people in hard-to-reach and besieged areas; six areas still remain off limits. Yesterday, the Syrian Arab Red Crescent medically evacuated 515 people from four communities--Zabadani, Madaya, Kfarya, and Foua--besieged by government and rebel groups. ](/news/2016/04/21/staffan-de-mistura-u-n-envoy-to-syria-says-there-has-been-real-but-modest-progress-in-the-country-s-humanitarian-situation-despite-the.md) _Context: aid_
4. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: aid_
5. [Syrian civil war: The United Nations says 4 million people could require humanitarian aid by 2013. ](/news/2012/11/9/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-says-4-million-people-could-require-humanitarian-aid-by-2013.md) _Context: aid_
6. [Shipper International Port Corp, with permission from the United States, delivers the first shipment of humanitarian aid to Cuba, the first time in 50 years. ](/news/2012/07/14/shipper-international-port-corp-with-permission-from-the-united-states-delivers-the-first-shipment-of-humanitarian-aid-to-cuba-the-first.md) _Context: aid_
7. [A humanitarian aid convoy for the Viva Palestina charity starts in London, England, headed for the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/19/a-humanitarian-aid-convoy-for-the-viva-palestina-charity-starts-in-london-england-headed-for-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: aid_
8. [Egypt bans all future aid convoys to Gaza, following recent clashes with Viva Palestina. ](/news/2010/01/9/egypt-bans-all-future-aid-convoys-to-gaza-following-recent-clashes-with-viva-palestina.md) _Context: aid_
9. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon demands better humanitarian aid for 250,000 war refugees in Sri Lanka. ](/news/2009/05/23/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-demands-better-humanitarian-aid-for-250-000-war-refugees-in-sri-lanka.md) _Context: aid_
10. [ Israeli Defense Forces in the Gaza Strip discover grenades made by Hamas from humanitarian supplies. ](/news/2009/02/13/israeli-defense-forces-in-the-gaza-strip-discover-grenades-made-by-hamas-from-humanitarian-supplies.md) _Context: aid_
