### [2015-03-16](/news/2015/03/16/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War: Islamic State kidnaps about 20 medical workers from the Ibn Sina Hospital in the Libyan city of Sirte. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/03/16/africa/isis-libya-kidnapped-medical-workers/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War: Fighting rages near the western Libyan city of Sirte between Islamic State affiliated militants and a local militia alliance. ](/news/2015/03/15/libyan-civil-war-fighting-rages-near-the-western-libyan-city-of-sirte-between-islamic-state-affiliated-militants-and-a-local-militia-allian.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War, Sirte_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Sirte_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Sirte_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Sirte_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Warplanes of unidentified origin carry out airstrikes on ISIS camps in the Libyan city of Sirte. ](/news/2015/10/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-warplanes-of-unidentified-origin-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isis-camps-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Sirte_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Sirte_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: Libya, Sirte_
8. [Libyan Civil War: An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
9. [Libyan Civil War: In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
10. [Libyan Civil War: The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
