### [2015-03-16](/news/2015/03/16/index.md)

# The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, orders troops placed on full readiness in snap drills citing increased NATO exercises as the reason. 

Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops placed on full combat readiness in snap drills in western Russia, as Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu warned the country was facing new threats to its security.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-16/putin-puts-troops-on-full-alert-in-snap-western-russia-drills)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/s3/javelin/public/javelin/images/social-default-a4f15fa7ee.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-finl.md) _Context: NATO, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal envoy warns Finland against joining NATO. ](/news/2014/06/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-personal-envoy-warns-finland-against-joining-nato.md) _Context: NATO, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin dismisses Nizhny Novgorod Oblast governor Valery Shantsev from his post, the second governor to lose his job in a week after Putin dismissed Samara Oblast governor Nikolay Merkushkin the day before. ](/news/2017/09/26/russian-president-vladimir-putin-dismisses-nizhny-novgorod-oblast-governor-valery-shantsev-from-his-post-the-second-governor-to-lose-his-jo.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-exte.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
