### [2016-06-17](/news/2016/06/17/index.md)

# A court in India sentences dozens of people to prison, some of them for life, for their roles in riots that killed 69 Muslims in the city of Ahmedabad in 2002. 

A court in India sentences 11 people to life in prison for their roles in a notorious massacre during the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in Gujarat.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-36557036)

### Related:

1. [ Gulbarg Society massacre : During the 2002 Gujarat riots, a mob attacked the Gulbarg Society, a lower middle-class Muslim neighbourhood in Chamanpura, Ahmedabad. Most of the houses were burnt, and at least 35 victims including a former Congress, Member of Parliament, Ehsan Jafri, were burnt alive, while 31 others went missing after the incident, later presumed dead, bringing the total of the dead to 69. title =Safehouse Of Horrors| publisher = Tehelka| url =http://www.tehelka.com/story_main35.asp?filename=Ne031107safehouseofhorrors.asp&page=1| date = 2007-11-03url=http://www.hindustantimes.com/Apex-court-SIT-submits-report-on-Gulbarg-Society-massacre/Article1-543728.aspx|title=Apex court SIT submits report on Gulbarg Society massacre|date=May 14, 2010|work=The Hindustan Times](/news/2002/02/28/gulbarg-society-massacre-during-the-2002-gujarat-riots-a-mob-attacked-the-gulbarg-society-a-lower-middle-class-muslim-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: 2002 Gujarat riots, Ahmedabad, riots that killed 69 Muslims_
2. [Protests by the Patidar community in Ahmedabad turn violent, sparking violence across the state of Gujarat, India. ](/news/2015/08/25/protests-by-the-patidar-community-in-ahmedabad-turn-violent-sparking-violence-across-the-state-of-gujarat-india.md) _Context: Ahmedabad, India_
3. [Seven people are killed and 14 injured after a bus collides with a diesel tanker on the Mumbai - Ahmedabad highway in India. ](/news/2014/01/29/seven-people-are-killed-and-14-injured-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-diesel-tanker-on-the-mumbai-ahmedabad-highway-in-india.md) _Context: Ahmedabad, India_
4. [Unidentified gunmen on motorcycles fatally shoot  Indian civil rights campaigner and environmentalist Amit Jethwa in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. ](/news/2010/07/21/unidentified-gunmen-on-motorcycles-fatally-shoot-indian-civil-rights-campaigner-and-environmentalist-amit-jethwa-in-ahmedabad-gujarat.md) _Context: Ahmedabad, India_
5. [ A series of bomb blasts in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, kills 30 and injures over 100 people. ](/news/2008/07/26/a-series-of-bomb-blasts-in-ahmedabad-gujarat-india-kills-30-and-injures-over-100-people.md) _Context: Ahmedabad, India_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
