### [2008-07-21](/news/2008/07/21/index.md)

#  Fugitive Radovan Karadzic, indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested in Serbia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7518543.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Radovan Karadzic, former Bosnian Serb leader, announces that he will defend himself at his trial for war crimes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/31/radovan-karada3-4ia-former-bosnian-serb-leader-announces-that-he-will-defend-himself-at-his-trial-for-war-crimes-at-the-international-crim.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic, war crimes_
2. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
3. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. ](/news/2016/03/17/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-announce-that-they-will-soon-deliver-their-verdict-against-radical-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
4. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
5. [War crimes fugitive, former Chief of Staff of the Army of the Republika Srpska and former Colonel General Ratko Mladic has been arrested in Serbia. ](/news/2011/05/26/war-crimes-fugitive-former-chief-of-staff-of-the-army-of-the-republika-srpska-and-former-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-has-been-arrested-in.md) _Context: Serbia, war crimes_
6. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
7. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia acquits former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic of committing war crimes. ](/news/2009/02/26/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-acquits-former-serbian-president-milan-milutinovia-of-committing-war-crimes.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
8. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic refuses to enter pleas to charges including genocide and crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at the Hague. ](/news/2008/08/29/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-refuses-to-enter-pleas-to-charges-including-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-inter.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
9. [ Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic is flown to The Hague to face a trial in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/30/bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-is-flown-to-the-hague-to-face-a-trial-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslav.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Radovan Karadzic_
10. [ The trial of Jovica Stanisic and Franko Simatovic, two former Serbian State Security Service officers and allies of Slobodan Milosevic, starts at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague. ](/news/2008/03/17/the-trial-of-jovica-stania-ia-and-franko-simatovia-two-former-serbian-state-security-service-officers-and-allies-of-slobodan-miloa-evia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
