### [2008-07-21](/news/2008/07/21/index.md)

#  The first terrorism trial of a Guantanamo Bay inmate begins with Salim Ahmed Hamdan, the former driver and bodyguard of Osama bin Laden, pleading not guilty. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2008/07/21/hamdan-trial.html)

### Related:

1. [Australian David Hicks wins an appeal in the U.S. Court of Military Commission Review against his conviction for providing material support to terrorism in 2007 in a U.S. Navy court in Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2015/02/18/australian-david-hicks-wins-an-appeal-in-the-u-s-court-of-military-commission-review-against-his-conviction-for-providing-material-support.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay, terrorism_
2. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
3. [ Terrorism - 9/11: Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, mastermind of the September 11 attacks, tells interrogators he first discussed the plot with Osama bin Laden in 1996. The original plan, and its evolution, are told to an interrogator, along with the answers to several questions over the attacks.](/news/2003/09/21/terrorism-a-9-11-khalid-shaikh-mohammed-mastermind-of-the-september-11-attacks-tells-interrogators-he-first-discussed-the-plot-with-os.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
4. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
5. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
6. [ Terrorists associated with al-Qaida releases a statement in which it claims responsibility for the blackout. The statement says that the group acted on Osama bin Laden's orders.](/news/2003/08/18/terrorists-associated-with-al-qaida-releases-a-statement-in-which-it-claims-responsibility-for-the-blackout-the-statement-says-that-the-gr.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
