
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-51-votes-to-48-http-abcnews-go-com-politics-republicans-expected-pa.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-51-votes-to-48-http-abcnews-go-com-politics-republicans-expected-pa.json)  [XML](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-51-votes-to-48-http-abcnews-go-com-politics-republicans-expected-pa.xml)  

### [2017-12-20](/news/2017/12/20/index.md)

# The United States Senate passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 51 votes to 48. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-republicans-expected-pass-tax-reform-measure-story?id=51870650 (ABC News)]The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which sends it to the desk of the United States President for signing. This comes after a previous and different version of this legislation was passed by the House yesterday. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-republicans-expected-pass-tax-reform-measure-story?id=51870650 (ABC News)]The law removes the individual insurance mandate from Obamacare.




### Changes:

1. [The United States Senate passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 51 votes to 48. ](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-51-votes-to-48.md) _2017-12-21 12:30:06 (First version)_
1. [The United States Senate passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 51 votes to 48. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-republicans-expected-pass-tax-reform-measure-story?id=51870650 (ABC News)]The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which sends it to the desk of the United States President for signing. This comes after a previous and different version of this legislation was passed by the House yesterday. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-republicans-expected-pass-tax-reform-measure-story?id=51870650 (ABC News)]The law removes the individual insurance mandate from Obamacare.](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-51-votes-to-48-http-abcnews-go-com-politics-republicans-expected-pa.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United States House of Representatives passes the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by 227 votes to 203. After being sent to the United States Senate for a vote, the Senate's parliamentarian found that several provisions in the House bill violated Senate rules, which forced the House of Representatives to call a second vote on an altered version of the legislation that has the violating provisions removed. The second vote by the House of Representatives is expected to take place on December 20, 2017. ](/news/2017/12/19/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-by-227-votes-to-203-after-being-sent-to-the-united-stat.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, United States, United States Senate_
2. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: Obamacare, United States President, United States Senate_
3. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Obamacare, United States Senate_
4. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: House of Representatives, United States, United States Senate_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes for the thirty-third time to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare; the measure is not likely to pass the Democratic-controlled United States Senate. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-for-the-thirty-third-time-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-afford.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Obamacare, United States Senate_
