### [2004-03-2](/news/2004/03/2/index.md)

#  John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.




### Source:

1. [AP](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=562&ncid=703&e=3&u=/ap/20040302/ap_on_hi_te/e_voting_s_biggest_test)
2. [NC News & Observer](http://www.newsobserver.com/24hour/election/story/1173348p-8116744c.html)
3. [Tri-Valley Herald](http://www.trivalleyherald.com/Stories/0,1413,86~10669~1993210,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Connecticut, Howard Dean, John Edwards, John Kerry, Massachusetts_
2. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York State_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Vermont_
4. [California, Maine, Maryland and Minnesota sue the Trump administraion over the termination of DACA. ](/news/2017/09/11/california-maine-maryland-and-minnesota-sue-the-trump-administraion-over-the-termination-of-daca.md) _Context: California, Maryland, Minnesota_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Connecticut, Maryland, Rhode Island_
6. [Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-romney-projected-to-win-in-new-york-pennsylvania-delawa.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Rhode Island_
7. [The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-states-of-new-york-new-jersey-pennsylvania-connecticut-maryland-and.md) _Context: Connecticut, Maryland, New York State_
8. [ The Governor of New York David Paterson directs New York state agencies to recognise gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions such as Canada, California and Massachusetts. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-governor-of-new-york-david-paterson-directs-new-york-state-agencies-to-recognise-gay-marriages-performed-in-other-jurisdictions-such-as.md) _Context: California, Massachusetts, New York State_
9. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Minnesota, New York State, Ohio_
10. [ 2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry wins the Democratic caucus in Maine with 45 percent of the vote. Howard Dean comes in second place with 27 percent, with Dennis Kucinich (16 percent), John Edwards (8 percent), and Wesley Clark (4 percent) trailing.](/news/2004/02/8/2004-democratic-presidential-primaries-john-kerry-wins-the-democratic-caucus-in-maine-with-45-percent-of-the-vote-howard-dean-comes-in-se.md) _Context: Howard Dean, John Edwards, John Kerry_
