### [2012-02-29](/news/2012/02/29/index.md)

# Egypt announces that a presidential election will held on May 23-24. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Business Day](http://www.businessday.com.au/breaking-news-world/egypt-sets-date-for-presidential-election-20120301-1u3wj.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a second day to vote in the second round of a presidential election, with former prime minister Ahmed Shafik and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party both competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-day-to-vote-in-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-former-prime-minister-ahmed-sh.md) _Context: Egypt, presidential election_
2. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, with ex-Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/06/16/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-ex-prime-minister-ahmed-shafiq-and-mohamed-morsi-of-th.md) _Context: Egypt, presidential election_
3. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a second day to vote in a presidential election. ](/news/2012/05/24/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-day-to-vote-in-a-presidential-election.md) _Context: Egypt, presidential election_
4. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a presidential election, 15 months after former president Hosni Mubarak was ousted in a revolution. ](/news/2012/05/23/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-15-months-after-former-president-hosni-mubarak-was-ousted-in-a-revolution.md) _Context: Egypt, presidential election_
5. [The Egyptian military expresses its willingness to hand over political power on May 24 if an outright winner emerges in the first round of the presidential elections. ](/news/2012/05/2/the-egyptian-military-expresses-its-willingness-to-hand-over-political-power-on-may-24-if-an-outright-winner-emerges-in-the-first-round-of-t.md) _Context: Egypt, presidential election_
6. [The Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt nominates chairman Khairat El-Shater as a candidate for the presidential elections in May 2012. ](/news/2012/04/1/the-muslim-brotherhood-in-egypt-nominates-chairman-khairat-el-shater-as-a-candidate-for-the-presidential-elections-in-may-2012.md) _Context: Egypt, presidential election_
7. [Alexandria train collision. Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
