### [2005-04-26](/news/2005/04/26/index.md)

#  2005 Kuomintang visits to Mainland: a 70-member delegation led by Kuomintang chairman Lien Chan left Taipei for Nanjing via Hong Kong, launching Lien Chan's 8-day Taiwan Strait peace tour, also the first official visit by the highest leader of Kuomintang to Mainland China in 60 years. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4482617.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taipei_
2. [A book written by Chinese dissident Yu Jie critical of Premier Wen Jiabao goes on sale in Hong Kong, with threats of imprisonment from the mainland. ](/news/2010/08/16/a-book-written-by-chinese-dissident-yu-jie-critical-of-premier-wen-jiabao-goes-on-sale-in-hong-kong-with-threats-of-imprisonment-from-the-m.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
3. [ Kuomintang Chairman Lien Chan meets with Communist Party of China Secretary-General Hu Jintao in the highest level contact between leaders of the two parties since the meeting of Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong in August 1945 at the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/85702204-b864-11d9-bc7c-00000e2511c8.html]](/news/2005/04/29/kuomintang-chairman-lien-chan-meets-with-communist-party-of-china-secretary-general-hu-jintao-in-the-highest-level-contact-between-leaders.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Lien Chan_
4. [ The Kuomintang's 34-member delegation led by KMT Vice Chairman Chiang Pin-kun arrives on a landmark official visit to mainland China, the first since the end of Chinese Civil War in 1949. On their first day, the delegates pay homage at the Mausoleum of the 72 Martyrs in Huanghuagang (Yellow Flower Knoll), Guangzhou in the province of Guangdong. ](/news/2005/03/28/the-kuomintang-s-34-member-delegation-led-by-kmt-vice-chairman-chiang-pin-kun-arrives-on-a-landmark-official-visit-to-mainland-china-the-f.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), mainland China_
5. [The man who was convicted of breaking into mainland China cable television networks and broadcasting footage of the banned Falun Gong, an alleged cult, reportedly dies in prison. Pro-Falun Gong groups and the Hong Kong-based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy claim he was beaten to death.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3356699.stm]](/news/2003/12/30/the-man-who-was-convicted-of-breaking-into-mainland-china-cable-television-networks-and-broadcasting-footage-of-the-banned-falun-gong-an-al.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
6. [ China Airlines Flight 611, breaks up in mid-flight while flying from Chiang Kai Shek International Airport in Taipei, Taiwan, to Hong Kong International Airport in Hong Kong, China. All 225 passengers and crew on board perished in the breakup and crash.](/news/2002/05/25/china-airlines-flight-611-breaks-up-in-mid-flight-while-flying-from-chiang-kai-shek-international-airport-in-taipei-taiwan-to-hong-kong.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Taipei_
7. [The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-first-female-chief-executive.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
8. [A 45-meter long escalator at Langham Place in Hong Kong malfunctions injuring at least 18 people. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-45-meter-long-escalator-at-langham-place-in-hong-kong-malfunctions-injuring-at-least-18-people.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
9. [Former Chief Executive of Hong Kong Donald Tsang is sentenced to 20 months in prison for corruption, becoming the highest officeholder in Hong Kong's history to be convicted. ](/news/2017/02/22/former-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-donald-tsang-is-sentenced-to-20-months-in-prison-for-corruption-becoming-the-highest-officeholder-in-ho.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
10. [At least 34 people are killed after a tour bus, carrying mostly local elderly tourists, overturns on a freeway in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2017/02/13/at-least-34-people-are-killed-after-a-tour-bus-carrying-mostly-local-elderly-tourists-overturns-on-a-freeway-in-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: Taipei_
