### [2005-04-26](/news/2005/04/26/index.md)

#  Military action in Lebanon: After three decades, all Syrian troops leave Lebanon, fulfilling UN Security Council Resolution 1559. 

Today, as the last Syrian troops depart from the country they have occupied for 29 years, the Lebanese will likely breathe a sigh of relief. But they won&#39;t have much time to savor the sweetness of their newfound liberty; they are now left with the task of managing their own affairs, and there is an awful lot of work to be done. 


### Source:

1. [Daily Star, Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=10&article_id=14579&categ_id=17)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=HTYVLYYAWLYDSCRBAEKSFEY?type=topNews&storyID=8301502)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.dailystar.com.lb//images/defaultimage.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Syria begins a "phased redeployment" of its forces in Lebanon (currently estimated at 20,000 troops), moving about 1,000 troops out of bases south of Beirut; it is not clear whether they will be redeployed in Lebanon or Syria. Earlier this month, UN Security Council Resolution 1559, drafted by the United States and France, called for all foreign troops to leave Lebanon. ](/news/2004/09/21/syria-begins-a-phased-redeployment-of-its-forces-in-lebanon-currently-estimated-at-20-000-troops-moving-about-1-000-troops-out-of-base.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, UN Security Council Resolution 1559_
2. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
3. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
4. [Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast-lebanon-close-to-the-syrian-border-l.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
5. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
6. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
7. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
8. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
9. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
10. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
