### [2014-05-13](/news/2014/05/13/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Valery Bolotov, a leader of the separatist movement in the eastern city of Luhansk, is wounded in an assassination attempt by an unknown assailant.  




### Source:

1. [AP via Netscape](http://isp.netscape.com/news/world/story/1001/20140513/G1527)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/05/13/world/europe/ukraine-crisis/index.html?hpt=wo_c2)
3. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/taruta-says-separatists-republic-does-not-exist-vows-to-hold-presidential-elections-in-donetsk-oblast-347598.html)
4. [Official Journal](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.L_.2014.137.01.0003.01.ENG)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian militants in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk seize the regional administration's headquarters, resulting in a tense standoff with the militants and security personnel. ](/news/2014/04/29/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-militants-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-luhansk-seize-the-regional-administration-s-headq.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine, Luhansk_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvoters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respe.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-pukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:A Ukrainian Antonov An-26 military transport plane was shot down near Luhansk where there is currently heavy fighting between Ukrainian forces and separatist rebels. The Ukraine claims that it was shot down by a rocket fired from Russia. ](/news/2014/07/14/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pa-ukrainian-antonov-an-26-military-transport-plane-was-shot-down-near-luhansk-where-there-is-currently-h.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Luhansk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Heavy fighting between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian militants takes place in and around the rebel-held eastern city of Sloviansk.  ](/news/2014/06/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pheavy-fighting-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-militants-takes-place-in-and-around-the-re.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
6. [A large skirmish occurs in eastern Ukraine when pro-Russian separatists launch a massive attack on a border control centre near the city of Luhansk; five militants are killed and another eight are wounded, and seven Ukrainian border guards are wounded in the clash.  ](/news/2014/06/2/a-large-skirmish-occurs-in-eastern-ukraine-when-pro-russian-separatists-launch-a-massive-attack-on-a-border-control-centre-near-the-city-of.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Luhansk_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the A Ukrainian military helicopter patrolling around the eastern city of Sloviansk is shot down; all of the pilots survived and were later rescued.  ](/news/2014/05/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-a-ukrainian-military-helicopter-patrolling-around-the-eastern-city-of-sloviansk-is-shot-down-all.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Pro-Russian militants seize the regional prosecutor's office in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk.  ](/news/2014/05/1/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ppro-russian-militants-seize-the-regional-prosecutor-s-office-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-donetsk.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The Ukrainian government says it's regained control of the city hall in the eastern port of Mariupol from pro-Russian separatists. Administrative buildings have been taken over in at least a dozen towns in Eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/04/24/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-ukrainian-government-says-it-s-regained-control-of-the-city-hall-in-the-eastern-port-of-mariupol-fro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Three people are killed in an attack on check post in Eastern Ukraine manned by pro-Russian supporters. ](/news/2014/04/20/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthree-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-check-post-in-eastern-ukraine-manned-by-pro-russian-supporters.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
