### [2014-05-13](/news/2014/05/13/index.md)

# Studies published in "Geophysical Research Letters" and "Science" find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. 

We measure the grounding line retreat of glaciers draining the Amundsen Sea sector of West Antarctica using Earth Remote Sensing (ERS&#x2010;1/2) satellite radar interferometry from 1992 to 2011. Pine Island...


### Source:

1. [Geophysical Research Letters](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/2014GL060140/abstract)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/13/science/earth/collapse-of-parts-of-west-antarctica-ice-sheet-has-begun-scientists-say.html)
3. [Science](http://www.sciencemag.org/content/344/6185/735.abstract)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/2014/05/12/70c26750-da00-11e3-b745-87d39690c5c0_story.html)

### Related:

1. [ Two Harvard scientists report, in the peer-reviewed journal "Science", the first creation of metallic hydrogen in a laboratory, using a diamond anvil cell. Other researchers did not agree with this finding when it was first posted on the arXiv preprint server in October 2016, and have not yet changed their positions. ](/news/2017/01/27/two-harvard-scientists-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-science-the-first-creation-of-metallic-hydrogen-in-a-laboratory-using-a-dia.md) _Context: Science_
2. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: Science_
3. [A report by a team of Japanese scientists, published in the American Association for the Advancement of Science journal "Science", has identified bacteria -- isolated from outside a bottle recycling facility -- that can break down and metabolize plastic. The microbe appears to have evolved a pair of enzymes it uses to break down polyethylene terephthalate or PET, the most common thermoplastic polymer resin in consumer products. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-by-a-team-of-japanese-scientists-published-in-the-american-association-for-the-advancement-of-science-journal-science-has-ident.md) _Context: Science_
4. [Retreat of glaciers since 1850: Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world-s glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones - like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. - are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/retreat-of-glaciers-since-1850-scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-world-s-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-sm.md) _Context: ice sheet_
5. ["Science" publishes a series of papers on biodiversity in the deep sea, including tens of thousands of single-celled organisms most of which had not been previously identified. ](/news/2015/05/22/science-publishes-a-series-of-papers-on-biodiversity-in-the-deep-sea-including-tens-of-thousands-of-single-celled-organisms-most-of-which.md) _Context: Science_
6. [The confirmation of the existence of a subatomic particle known as the Higgs boson is named as 2012 Breakthrough of the Year by the "Science" magazine. ](/news/2012/12/30/the-confirmation-of-the-existence-of-a-subatomic-particle-known-as-the-higgs-boson-is-named-as-2012-breakthrough-of-the-year-by-the-science.md) _Context: Science_
7. [Team members from the British Antarctic Survey temporarily abandon a project to drill through two miles of Antarctica's ice sheet to reach Lake Ellsworth due to problems linking boreholes in the ice. ](/news/2012/12/27/team-members-from-the-british-antarctic-survey-temporarily-abandon-a-project-to-drill-through-two-miles-of-antarctica-s-ice-sheet-to-reach-l.md) _Context: ice sheet_
8. [A British research team launches a long-awaited project to hunt for life in Lake Ellsworth hidden beneath the ice-sheet in Antarctica. ](/news/2012/12/12/a-british-research-team-launches-a-long-awaited-project-to-hunt-for-life-in-lake-ellsworth-hidden-beneath-the-ice-sheet-in-antarctica.md) _Context: ice sheet_
9. [Archaeologist Michael R. Waters and associates report in "Science" that discoveries at the Debra L Friedkin site north of Austin, Texas, may indicate that the Clovis culture was not the first to settle the Americas. ](/news/2011/03/25/archaeologist-michael-r-waters-and-associates-report-in-science-that-discoveries-at-the-debra-l-friedkin-site-north-of-austin-texas-may.md) _Context: Science_
10. [Forty-one scientists publish a paper in "Science" affirming that the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event, the large-scale mass extinction of dinosaurs and other lifeforms on Earth ~65.5 million years ago, was caused by an asteroid impact. ](/news/2010/03/4/forty-one-scientists-publish-a-paper-in-science-affirming-that-the-cretaceous-paleogene-extinction-event-the-large-scale-mass-extinctio.md) _Context: Science_
