### [2014-05-13](/news/2014/05/13/index.md)

# Valery Bolotov, a leader of the separatist movement in the eastern city of Luhansk, is wounded in an assassination attempt by an unknown assailant. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Netscape](http://isp.netscape.com/news/world/story/1001/20140513/G1527)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/05/13/world/europe/ukraine-crisis/index.html?hpt=wo_c2)
3. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/taruta-says-separatists-republic-does-not-exist-vows-to-hold-presidential-elections-in-donetsk-oblast-347598.html)
4. [Official Journal](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=uriserv:OJ.L_.2014.137.01.0003.01.ENG)

### Related:

1. [A large skirmish occurs in eastern Ukraine when pro-Russian separatists launch a massive attack on a border control centre near the city of Luhansk; five militants are killed and another eight are wounded, and seven Ukrainian border guards are wounded in the clash. ](/news/2014/06/2/a-large-skirmish-occurs-in-eastern-ukraine-when-pro-russian-separatists-launch-a-massive-attack-on-a-border-control-centre-near-the-city-of.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Luhansk_
2. [Pro-Russian militants in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk seize the regional administration's headquarters, resulting in a tense standoff with the militants and security personnel. ](/news/2014/04/29/pro-russian-militants-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-luhansk-seize-the-regional-administration-s-headquarters-resulting-in-a-tense-stando.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Luhansk_
3. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
4. [ A U.S. member of the OSCE monitoring mission is killed and two others injured after their vehicle drives over a land mine near Luhansk. ](/news/2017/04/23/a-u-s-member-of-the-osce-monitoring-mission-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-their-vehicle-drives-over-a-land-mine-near-luhansk.md) _Context: Luhansk_
5. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Luhansk_
6. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
8. [The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe warns that the situation in Eastern Ukraine is worsening. Chief monitor for Ukraine Ertugrul Apakan says that "during the past weeks, the OSCE has registered the highest number of cease-fire violations in months" and warned that artillery and mortars banned under Minsk II "are being used again in increased numbers." ](/news/2016/04/28/the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-warns-that-the-situation-in-eastern-ukraine-is-worsening-chief-monitor-for-ukraine.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
9. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
10. [A Ukrainian military spokesman says three of its soldiers were killed by a mortar attack in the country's east, the heaviest toll reported in the region in nearly two months. ](/news/2016/04/20/a-ukrainian-military-spokesman-says-three-of-its-soldiers-were-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-the-country-s-east-the-heaviest-toll-reported-i.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine_
