### [2001-07-7](/news/2001/07/7/index.md)

#  Dale Earnhardt Jr. wins the Pepsi 400 in the first NASCAR NEXTEL Cup Series race at the Daytona International Speedway since the death of Dale Earnhardt. Teammate Michael Waltrip ran second, blocking for Jr., an exact mirror of the Daytona 500 where Jr. blocked for Waltrip en route to his first 500 win.




### Related:

1. [ On the final lap of the Daytona 500 race, NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt, known as "The Intimidator" for his aggressive driving style, is killed in a crash.  Earlier, an 18 car wreck happened on lap 173 when Tony Stewart flipped in mid-air causing a major wreck. The race had come to a stop to take a 17 lap break because of the debris scattered on the track. The red flag was out to clean up the mess on the backstretch.](/news/2001/02/18/on-the-final-lap-of-the-daytona-500-race-nascar-driver-dale-earnhardt-known-as-the-intimidator-for-his-aggressive-driving-style-is-kil.md) _Context: Dale Earnhardt, Daytona 500, NASCAR_
2. [In motorsport, Jimmie Johnson wins the 2016 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Championship with a victory in the final race of the season. It is his 7th Cup championship, which ties the all-time record set by Richard Petty in 1979 and Dale Earnhardt in 1994. ](/news/2016/11/20/in-motorsport-jimmie-johnson-wins-the-2016-nascar-sprint-cup-series-championship-with-a-victory-in-the-final-race-of-the-season-it-is-his.md) _Context: Dale Earnhardt, NASCAR_
3. [In NASCAR, Dale Earnhardt, Jr. eventually wins the Daytona 500, ending a 55-race winless streak in the Sprint Cup Series, after the race is red flagged for several hours due to heavy rain, while a tornado warning is put into effect for the area. ](/news/2014/02/23/in-nascar-dale-earnhardt-jr-eventually-wins-the-daytona-500-ending-a-55-race-winless-streak-in-the-sprint-cup-series-after-the-race-is.md) _Context: Dale Earnhardt, Jr., NASCAR_
4. [A crash during the final lap of the 2013 NASCAR DRIVE4COPD 300 auto race at Daytona International Speedway in Florida, United States, sends debris flying into the stands, injuring at least 33 spectators. ](/news/2013/02/23/a-crash-during-the-final-lap-of-the-2013-nascar-drive4copd-300-auto-race-at-daytona-international-speedway-in-florida-united-states-sends.md) _Context: Daytona International Speedway, NASCAR_
5. [In motorsport, Danica Patrick becomes the first woman to win pole position at the Daytona 500 and the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. ](/news/2013/02/17/in-motorsport-danica-patrick-becomes-the-first-woman-to-win-pole-position-at-the-daytona-500-and-the-nascar-sprint-cup-series.md) _Context: Daytona 500, NASCAR_
6. [Rookie NASCAR driver Trevor Bayne wins the Daytona 500. ](/news/2011/02/20/rookie-nascar-driver-trevor-bayne-wins-the-daytona-500.md) _Context: Daytona 500, NASCAR_
7. [ NASCAR driver Matt Kenseth wins the rain-shortened 2009 Daytona 500  at Daytona International Speedway after 152 of 200 laps. ](/news/2009/02/15/nascar-driver-matt-kenseth-wins-the-rain-shortened-2009-daytona-500-at-daytona-international-speedway-after-152-of-200-laps.md) _Context: Daytona International Speedway, NASCAR_
8. [Kurt Busch wins his first Daytona 500, in the first Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series event to contain stages within the race. ](/news/2017/02/26/kurt-busch-wins-his-first-daytona-500-in-the-first-monster-energy-nascar-cup-series-event-to-contain-stages-within-the-race.md) _Context: Daytona 500_
9. [In motorsport, Greg Biffle wins the Quicken Loans 400 earning Ford its 1000th NASCAR victory. ](/news/2013/06/16/in-motorsport-greg-biffle-wins-the-quicken-loans-400-earning-ford-its-1000th-nascar-victory.md) _Context: NASCAR_
10. [In NASCAR, American Matt Kenseth wins the 2013 Bojangles' Southern 500 at the Darlington Raceway. ](/news/2013/05/11/in-nascar-american-matt-kenseth-wins-the-2013-bojangles-southern-500-at-the-darlington-raceway.md) _Context: NASCAR_
