### [2016-01-23](/news/2016/01/23/index.md)

# Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2016/01/24/air-strikes-in-syria-leave-47-dead.html)

### Related:

1. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Airstrikes reportedly kill at least 82 people, including 58 civilians, in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/06/26/airstrikes-reportedly-kill-at-least-82-people-including-58-civilians-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-according-to-the-syrian-o.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack,  "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian state news reports clashes between Syrian Armed Forces and the Islamic State  in eastern Syria's Deir ez-Zor province result in the deaths of 58  militants. ](/news/2015/11/8/syrian-state-news-reports-clashes-between-syrian-armed-forces-and-the-islamic-state-in-eastern-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-province-result-in-the-d.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs says it's aware of reports that a Canadian national, John Robert Gallagher, has died while fighting in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, John Robert Gallagher was killed while fighting alongside the Syrian Democratic Forces against Islamic State militants in the northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/5/syrian-civil-war-pcanada-s-department-of-foreign-affairs-says-it-s-aware-of-reports-that-a-canadian-national-john-robert-gallagher-has-die.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
