### [2016-01-23](/news/2016/01/23/index.md)

# Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. 

The 2016 presidential field could get a little more crowded.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/23/politics/michael-bloomberg-president-2016/index.html?sr=fbCNN012316michael-bloomberg-president-20160445PMVODtopLink&linkId=20610169)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/first-read/michael-bloomberg-mulls-2016-white-house-bid-n502856?cid=sm_fb)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/24/nyregion/bloomberg-sensing-an-opening-revisits-a-potential-white-house-run.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas, Trump, United States Senate_
2. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, United States Senate, Vermont_
3. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate_
4. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz, Trump_
5. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, United States Senate, Vermont_
6. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, United States Senate, Vermont_
7. [Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate_
8. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Mayor, Trump_
9. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Trump_
10. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz_
