### [1999-02-4](/news/1999/02/4/index.md)

#  Unarmed West African immigrant Amadou Diallo is shot dead by four plainclothes New York City police officers on an unrelated stake-out, inflaming race-relations in the city.




### Related:

1. [Hyperloop: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: New York City_
2. [2017 Bronx Lebanon Hospital attack: A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/2017-bronx-lebanon-hospital-attack-a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-fiv.md) _Context: New York City_
3. [71st Tony Awards: The Tony Awards are held in New York City with "Dear Evan Hansen" winning six awards including Best Musical and "Oslo" winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/71st-tony-awards-the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-win.md) _Context: New York City_
4. [2017 Times Square car crash: An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/2017-times-square-car-crash-an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several.md) _Context: New York City_
5. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
6. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [Russia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin dies suddenly in New York City. He would have turned 65 on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/02/20/russia-s-permanent-representative-to-the-united-nations-vitaly-churkin-dies-suddenly-in-new-york-city-he-would-have-turned-65-on-tuesday.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: West Africa_
9. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: West Africa_
10. [Authorities seek three men after they rob $6 million on New Year's Eve from the offices of high-end jewelry designer Gregg Ruth in New York City. ](/news/2017/01/1/authorities-seek-three-men-after-they-rob-6-million-on-new-year-s-eve-from-the-offices-of-high-end-jewelry-designer-gregg-ruth-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
