### [2014-09-24](/news/2014/09/24/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Algerian jihadist group Jund al-Khilafah release a video showing French tourist Herv Gourdel being killed because of French participation in airstrikes against ISIS. 

France confirms an Algerian jihadist group linked to IS has beheaded 55-year-old tourist Herve Gourdel, who was seized on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-29352537)
2. [The New York Times](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/09/25/world/middleeast/iraq-militants-destroy-historic-church.html?_r=0&referrer=)

### Related:

1. [Danish royal consorts: Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: French-born_
2. [Sinai insurgency: Masked militants attack an Egyptian Army checkpoint in a village south of Rafah, North Sinai Governorate, killing at least 23 soldiers, including a high-ranking special forces colonel. The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria later claims responsibility. The attack included VBIED and signal jamming. ](/news/2017/07/7/sinai-insurgency-masked-militants-attack-an-egyptian-army-checkpoint-in-a-village-south-of-rafah-north-sinai-governorate-killing-at-least.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
3. [Algerian legislative election, 2017: Voter turnout is predicted to be low as Algerians go to the polls to elect members of the People's National Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/4/algerian-legislative-election-2017-voter-turnout-is-predicted-to-be-low-as-algerians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-the-people-s-nati.md) _Context: Algeria_
4. [Frenchman Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Scotsman Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Dutchman Ben Feringa win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their research into nanotechnology. ](/news/2016/10/5/frenchman-jean-pierre-sauvage-scotsman-sir-fraser-stoddart-and-dutchman-ben-feringa-win-the-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-their-research-in.md) _Context: French-born_
5. [European migrant crisis: Nigerien authorities discover the bodies of 34 migrants, mostly children, left behind in the Sahara desert by people smugglers who were taking them to Algeria and then to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/16/european-migrant-crisis-nigerien-authorities-discover-the-bodies-of-34-migrants-mostly-children-left-behind-in-the-sahara-desert-by-peopl.md) _Context: Algeria_
6. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIL) leader Abu Waheeb and three other militants in an airstrike near the town of Rutba, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pentagon-announces-the-death-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-isil-leader-abu-waheeb-and-three-ot.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
7. [ Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]: Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
8. [ Sinai insurgency: Gunmen kill eight policemen in an ambush outside Cairo. The attack is claimed by Islamic State. ](/news/2016/05/8/sinai-insurgency-gunmen-kill-eight-policemen-in-an-ambush-outside-cairo-the-attack-is-claimed-by-islamic-state.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
9. [ Iraqi civil war: Operation Breaking Terrorism: Siege of Fallujah (2016): Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-siege-of-fallujah-2016-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-mili.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
10. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present): 17 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-17-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria_
