### [2017-07-13](/news/2017/07/13/index.md)

# United States federal budget: The Congressional Budget Office estimates that in ten years the federal budget of U.S. President Donald Trump will produce a $720 billion deficit rather than a $16 billion surplus as claimed by the Trump administration. 

President Donald Trump’s proposed budget wouldn’t balance within 10 years, contrary to the White House’s claim, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-13/cbo-finds-trump-s-budget-doesn-t-balance-like-white-house-said)

### Related:

1. [2018 United States federal budget: President Donald Trump's proposed budget for fiscal year 2018, titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America Great Again," has a $2 trillion accounting error over 10 years because it uses the same money twice for two different purposes. ](/news/2017/05/24/2018-united-states-federal-budget-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-budget-for-fiscal-year-2018-titled-america-first-a-budget-blueprint.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States federal budget_
2. [ The United States Congressional Budget Office estimates that the federal government will run a record $1.2 trillion budget deficit in fiscal year 2009, that the current recession will last well into this year, and that the enactment of an economic-stimulus plan would increase that deficit. ](/news/2009/01/7/the-united-states-congressional-budget-office-estimates-that-the-federal-government-will-run-a-record-1-2-trillion-budget-deficit-in-fisca.md) _Context: Congressional Budget Office, United States federal budget_
3. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [2017 North Korea crisis: U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
