### [2010-04-1](/news/2010/04/1/index.md)

#  After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. 

Qassam explodes in open area just hours after Russia&#39;s Lavrov calls on Hamas&#39; Mashaal to stop &#39;unconscionable firing of rockets&#39; on Israel 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8600285.stm)
2. [The Daily Star Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=1&article_id=113337#axzz0jrkMFuP2)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=172308)
4. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3870956,00.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egyptian-border-in.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
2. [ A Qassam rocket hits a High school at Ashkelon, an Israeli city with a population exceeding 117,000. The rocket was launched by Hamas militants from the town of Beit Hanun in the northern Gaza strip. ](/news/2006/07/4/a-qassam-rocket-hits-a-high-school-at-ashkelon-an-israeli-city-with-a-population-exceeding-117-000-the-rocket-was-launched-by-hamas-milit.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel, Qassam rocket_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Khan Yunis, Rafah_
4. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Rafah_
5. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel_
6. [A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-with-palestinian-sources-indicating-it.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel_
7. [Gaza-Israel clashes continue as Palestinian militants fire more Qassam rockets into Israel overnight. 2 people are killed, including a militant, and 25 are injured during Israeli Air Force strikes on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2012/03/12/gaza-israel-clashes-continue-as-palestinian-militants-fire-more-qassam-rockets-into-israel-overnight-2-people-are-killed-including-a-milit.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Qassam rocket_
8. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel_
9. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel_
10. [Palestinians fire three rockets from Gaza, landing in Israel's Ashkelon region, shortly after IDF soldiers kill a 65 year old farmer for unknown reasons, and bomb two sites in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/01/10/palestinians-fire-three-rockets-from-gaza-landing-in-israel-s-ashkelon-region-shortly-after-idf-soldiers-kill-a-65-year-old-farmer-for-unk.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza, Israel_
