### [2010-04-1](/news/2010/04/1/index.md)

#  Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin, speaking at Holy Thursday mass in St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, criticizes Catholics who believe the church should move on from recent child abuse scandals in Ireland. 

Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin has criticised Catholics who say their church should move on from grief about the child abuse scandals.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0401/abuse.html)

### Related:

1. [ Titular Archbishop of Glendalough and Vatican representative in the United Nations in Geneva, Archbishop Diarmuid Martin is named Coadjutor Archbishop of Dublin by Pope John Paul II. His appointment is announced to worshippers at St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral in Dublin by the Archbishop of Dublin Cardinal Desmond Connell. No date is given for Connell's retirement but Martin's appointment takes immediate effect.](/news/2003/05/3/titular-archbishop-of-glendalough-and-vatican-representative-in-the-united-nations-in-geneva-archbishop-diarmuid-martin-is-named-coadjutor.md) _Context: Archbishop of Dublin, Diarmuid Martin, St Mary's Pro-Cathedral_
2. [Dr Diarmuid Martin, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, calls for an independent inquiry into mass graves for women and children warning that more sites are likely to be found in Ireland. ](/news/2014/06/8/dr-diarmuid-martin-the-roman-catholic-archbishop-of-dublin-calls-for-an-independent-inquiry-into-mass-graves-for-women-and-children-warnin.md) _Context: Diarmuid Martin, Ireland_
3. [The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-today-as-patricia-o-connor-a-61.md) _Context: Ireland_
4. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [The fourth named windstorm of the season makes landfall across the United Kingdom and Ireland, bringing high winds and serious flooding. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-fourth-named-windstorm-of-the-season-makes-landfall-across-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-bringing-high-winds-and-serious-flooding.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-treasury-department-will-clamp-down-further-on-corporate-income-tax-avoiding-inversion-deals-by-u.md) _Context: Ireland_
