### [2010-04-1](/news/2010/04/1/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After Palestinians fire a Qassam rocket that explodes in an open area of the city of Ashkelon, Israeli planes launch air strikes on several targets in the Gaza Strip, in locations which include Gaza City, Khan Yunis and Rafah. 

Qassam explodes in open area just hours after Russia&#39;s Lavrov calls on Hamas&#39; Mashaal to stop &#39;unconscionable firing of rockets&#39; on Israel 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8600285.stm)
2. [The Daily Star Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=1&article_id=113337#axzz0jrkMFuP2)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=172308)
4. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3870956,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Middle East:Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/middle-east-pisraeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egypti.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Rafah_
2. [ A Qassam rocket hits a High school at Ashkelon, an Israeli city with a population exceeding 117,000. The rocket was launched by Hamas militants from the town of Beit Hanun in the northern Gaza strip. ](/news/2006/07/4/a-qassam-rocket-hits-a-high-school-at-ashkelon-an-israeli-city-with-a-population-exceeding-117-000-the-rocket-was-launched-by-hamas-milit.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah.  Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Khan Yunis, Rafah_
4. [Israeli forces level land east of Khan Yunis in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2016/07/11/israeli-forces-level-land-east-of-khan-yunis-in-the-southern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Khan Yunis_
5. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Rafah_
8. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Ashkelon, Gaza Strip, Israel_
