### [2004-02-2](/news/2004/02/2/index.md)

#  Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan confesses to smuggling nuclear hardware on chartered planes, sharing secret designs for the centrifuges that produce the enriched uranium necessary to develop a nuclear weapon, and giving personal briefings to nuclear scientists from Iran, North Korea and Libya, believing that nuclear proliferation would "ease Western attention on Pakistan" and "help the Muslim cause"




### Related:

1. [ The investigation into nuclear proliferation by the Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan expands to include seven nations. Among the countries known to be involved are Malaysia, South Africa, Japan, the United Arab Emirates, Germany and Pakistan. Nuclear technology and parts were supplied to Libya, Iran, North Korea.](/news/2004/02/8/the-investigation-into-nuclear-proliferation-by-the-pakistani-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-expands-to-include-seven-nations-among-the-count.md) _Context: Abdul Qadeer Khan, Iran, Libya, North Korea, proliferation_
2. [ Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan publicly admits illegally transferring nuclear secrets to Iran, Libya and North Korea. Following a written apology from Khan, President Pervez Musharraf issues a formal pardon.](/news/2004/02/5/pakistani-nuclear-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-publicly-admits-illegally-transferring-nuclear-secrets-to-iran-libya-and-north-korea-follow.md) _Context: Abdul Qadeer Khan, Iran, Libya, North Korea_
3. [ Pakistan is cited as the source of nuclear weapon technology supplied to Libya, Iran and North Korea. The components intercepted at sea by Italy en route to Libya were fabricated in Malaysia. There is no evidence that the Pakistani government of President Pervez Musharraf knew about the transfer of technology of Libya.url=http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=107214  News, Abu Dhabi News, UAE News and International News from GulfNews.com - plus Gold rates, sport scores, city guides, prayer times, Dubai financial data, weather forecasts and more .com  ](/news/2004/01/6/pakistan-is-cited-as-the-source-of-nuclear-weapon-technology-supplied-to-libya-iran-and-north-korea-the-components-intercepted-at-sea-by.md) _Context: Iran, Libya, North Korea_
4. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
5. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Libya_
6. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Iran, Libya_
7. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Libya_
8. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Libya_
9. [Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea. China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-third-country-such-as-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, proliferation_
10. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
