### [2004-02-2](/news/2004/02/2/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon announces to the "Ha'aretz" newspaper that he plans to dismantle 17 Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip and says that he foresees a time when there are no Jews in Gaza at all.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israeli Prime Minister, Israeli settlement_
2. [ The prime minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is transferred to the Hadassah Ein Kerem hospital in Jerusalem after suffering a minor stroke. Meanwhile, some Palestinians have taken to the streets in Gaza to celebrate Sharon's health condition and the Kahane organisation has urged Jews to pray for his death. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3186378,00.html (Ynetnews)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/12/18/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-transferred-to-the-hadassah-ein-kerem-hospital-in-jerusalem-after-suffering-a-minor-stroke-me.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [ Israeli troops forcibly remove Zionist Jews opposed to Ariel Sharon's unilateral disengagement plan one by one from their strongholds in the synagogues in the Israeli settlements on the Gaza Strip. Some of the protesters threw paint, rocks and acid at the soldiers. ](/news/2005/08/18/israeli-troops-forcibly-remove-zionist-jews-opposed-to-ariel-sharon-s-unilateral-disengagement-plan-one-by-one-from-their-strongholds-in-th.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israeli settlement_
4. [ Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, was heckled and booed at a meeting to promote the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip by several U.S. Jews. ](/news/2005/05/22/ariel-sharon-the-prime-minister-of-israel-was-heckled-and-booed-at-a-meeting-to-promote-the-planned-israeli-withdrawal-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [ Ariel Sharon states that he is ordering a halt to all construction and development in Gaza Strip settlements. ](/news/2004/04/2/ariel-sharon-states-that-he-is-ordering-a-halt-to-all-construction-and-development-in-gaza-strip-settlements.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israeli settlement_
6. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is taken home from hospital still in a comatose state. ](/news/2010/11/12/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-taken-home-from-hospital-still-in-a-comatose-state.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli Prime Minister_
