### [2004-02-2](/news/2004/02/2/index.md)

#  The leader of Conservative Party of Norway ("Hyre"), Jan Petersen, announces his resignation as party leader after 10 years at the helm. He continues as Foreign Minister in the coalition government.




### Related:

1. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: governing coalition_
2. [ Norway Foreign Minister Borge Brende says his government is doubling humanitarian aid to Afghanistan to around 200 million kroner (US$24 million). ](/news/2016/05/21/norway-foreign-minister-ba-rge-brende-says-his-government-is-doubling-humanitarian-aid-to-afghanistan-to-around-200-million-kroner-us-24-m.md) _Context: Norway Foreign Minister_
3. [Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties--Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network--to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its-program-manifesto-79-61-the-ruling.md) _Context: governing coalition_
4. [Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime-minister-robert-fico-s-smer-party-is.md) _Context: governing coalition_
5. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: governing coalition_
6. [A single day after the radical-left SYRIZA party wins the Greek elections, it forms an anti-austerity coalition government with the right-wing Independent Greeks ](/news/2015/01/26/a-single-day-after-the-radical-left-syriza-party-wins-the-greek-elections-it-forms-an-anti-austerity-coalition-government-with-the-right-wi.md) _Context: governing coalition_
7. [The Italy Parliament prepares to vote for a new President to succeed Giorgio Napolitano, in order to end a two-month impasse between political parties by forming a coalition government. ](/news/2013/04/17/the-italy-parliament-prepares-to-vote-for-a-new-president-to-succeed-giorgio-napolitano-in-order-to-end-a-two-month-impasse-between-politic.md) _Context: governing coalition_
8. [In the Central African Republic, the government signs a ceasefire agreement with rebels, ending a month of conflict and establishing a new coalition government. ](/news/2013/01/11/in-the-central-african-republic-the-government-signs-a-ceasefire-agreement-with-rebels-ending-a-month-of-conflict-and-establishing-a-new-c.md) _Context: governing coalition_
9. [Voters in Greece go to the polls for a second legislative election after the first election on May 6 failed to form a coalition government. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-greece-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-legislative-election-after-the-first-election-on-may-6-failed-to-form-a-coalition-government.md) _Context: governing coalition_
10. [Greece is to hold a second round of elections on June 17, after final talks by the major political parties to form a coalition government were unsuccessful. ](/news/2012/05/16/greece-is-to-hold-a-second-round-of-elections-on-june-17-after-final-talks-by-the-major-political-parties-to-form-a-coalition-government-we.md) _Context: governing coalition_
