### [2004-02-2](/news/2004/02/2/index.md)

#  Traces of ricin are found in the mailroom of a Dirksen Senate Office Building.




### Related:

1. [Authorities in hazardous-materials suits search a downtown Spokane, Washington apartment, investigating the recent discovery of two letters containing the deadly poison ricin. ](/news/2013/05/19/authorities-in-hazardous-materials-suits-search-a-downtown-spokane-washington-apartment-investigating-the-recent-discovery-of-two-letters.md) _Context: ricin_
2. [After release of a previous suspect without charge, an adversary of his, Everett Dutschke of Mississippi, has been arrested for mailing letters containing ricin to the President of the United States, a senator, and a federal judge. ](/news/2013/04/27/after-release-of-a-previous-suspect-without-charge-an-adversary-of-his-everett-dutschke-of-mississippi-has-been-arrested-for-mailing-lett.md) _Context: ricin_
3. [2013 ricin letters: All charges against a suspect of sending letters containing ricin to US President Barack Obama are dropped due to lack of evidence. ](/news/2013/04/23/2013-ricin-letters-all-charges-against-a-suspect-of-sending-letters-containing-ricin-to-us-president-barack-obama-are-dropped-due-to-lack-o.md) _Context: ricin_
4. [Mail to the US Senate is suspended after letter sent to U.S. Senator Roger Wicker (R-MS) tests positive for the poisonous substance ricin at an offsite Congressional mail facility. The letter is being sent to the FBI Laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, for further testing. ](/news/2013/04/16/mail-to-the-us-senate-is-suspended-after-letter-sent-to-u-s-senator-roger-wicker-r-ms-tests-positive-for-the-poisonous-substance-ricin-at.md) _Context: ricin_
5. [Four men are arrested in the U.S. state of Georgia for plotting to kill government officials with explosives and the toxic substance ricin. ](/news/2011/11/2/four-men-are-arrested-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-for-plotting-to-kill-government-officials-with-explosives-and-the-toxic-substance-ricin.md) _Context: ricin_
6. [ A U.S. federal grand jury in Las Vegas, Nevada, indicts a man on charges of possessing the toxin ricin and on weapons charges. ](/news/2008/04/22/a-u-s-federal-grand-jury-in-las-vegas-nevada-indicts-a-man-on-charges-of-possessing-the-toxin-ricin-and-on-weapons-charges.md) _Context: ricin_
7. [ Ricin is found in a Las Vegas hotel room of a man who was admitted to the hospital in mid-February. The area affected is under quarantine. Officials do not suspect any relation with terrorism. ](/news/2008/02/29/ricin-is-found-in-a-las-vegas-hotel-room-of-a-man-who-was-admitted-to-the-hospital-in-mid-february-the-area-affected-is-under-quarantine.md) _Context: ricin_
8. [ The claim that traces of the deadly poison ricin had been found in the London apartment of alleged al-Qaeda operatives is proved wrong, according to a senior British official. ](/news/2005/04/14/the-claim-that-traces-of-the-deadly-poison-ricin-had-been-found-in-the-london-apartment-of-alleged-al-qaeda-operatives-is-proved-wrong-acc.md) _Context: ricin_
9. [ War on Terrorism: British police announced details of the discovery of traces of the toxin ricin in a flat in Wood Green in North London in the wake of the arrest of six terrorist suspects. The timing of this news coincided with a major speech by Prime Minister Tony Blair dealing with the threat of terrorism and Britain's relationship with the U.S.A.](/news/2003/01/7/war-on-terrorism-british-police-announced-details-of-the-discovery-of-traces-of-the-toxin-ricin-in-a-flat-in-wood-green-in-north-london-in.md) _Context: ricin_
10. [ Finsbury Park mosque in Finsbury Park, London, England, often associated with Islamic extremism, was raided by British police in an investigation related to the hunt for the poison ricin. Seven men who were apparently living at the mosque were arrested, and a replica firearm, tear gas and a stun gun were reported as having been found on the premises.](/news/2003/01/20/finsbury-park-mosque-in-finsbury-park-london-england-often-associated-with-islamic-extremism-was-raided-by-british-police-in-an-investi.md) _Context: ricin_
