### [2013-09-6](/news/2013/09/6/index.md)

# Aaron Hernandez was arraigned and pled not guilty to first-degree murder. He was held without bail, but reserved the right to request bail later.




### Related:

1. [Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez, acquitted last week of a 2012 double murder but serving a life sentence for a 2013 murder, is found hanged in his prison cell, and is pronounced dead an hour later. ](/news/2017/04/19/former-new-england-patriots-player-aaron-hernandez-acquitted-last-week-of-a-2012-double-murder-but-serving-a-life-sentence-for-a-2013-murde.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
2. [Former American football player Aaron Hernandez is convicted of murder in the first degree in the town of Fall River, Massachusetts. Hernandez shot a former friend Odin Lloyd in 2013. He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole. ](/news/2015/04/15/former-american-football-player-aaron-hernandez-is-convicted-of-murder-in-the-first-degree-in-the-town-of-fall-river-massachusetts-hernand.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
3. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged with two counts of murder in relation to a drive-by shooting in Boston's South End district in July 2012. ](/news/2014/05/15/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-charged-with-two-counts-of-murder-in-relation-to-a-drive-by-shooting-in-boston-s-so.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
4. [According to a search warrant unsealed by a court in Bristol, Connecticut, former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, awaiting trial for a 2013 murder, is under investigation by Boston police as a suspect in a 2012 double homicide. ](/news/2014/01/16/according-to-a-search-warrant-unsealed-by-a-court-in-bristol-connecticut-former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-awaiting-t.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
5. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is formally charged with murder in the US state of Massachusetts more than a week after the body of former semi-professional American football player Odin Lloyd is found near his home. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-formally-charged-with-murder-in-the-us-state-of-massachusetts-more-than-a-week-afte.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
6. [The jury in the U.S. state of Arizona that convicted Jodi Arias of first-degree murder last week quickly decide that she should either face the death penalty or life in prison without parole during the penalty phase of trial. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-jury-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-that-convicted-jodi-arias-of-first-degree-murder-last-week-quickly-decide-that-she-should-either-face.md) _Context: first-degree murder_
7. [The remains of a missing young Oregon woman, Whitney Heichel, 21, a Starbucks barista from the Portland, Oregon suburb of Gresham, Oregon, are found on Larch Mountain, Multnomah County, Oregon; after DNA testing and fingerprint analysis, Gresham Police arrested a neighbor who lived nearby in her Gresham apartment complex, Jonathan Holt, 24, on suspicion of aggravated first-degree murder. ](/news/2012/10/19/the-remains-of-a-missing-young-oregon-woman-whitney-heichel-21-a-starbucks-barista-from-the-portland-oregon-suburb-of-gresham-oregon-a.md) _Context: first-degree murder_
8. [Adam Mayes, wanted by authorities on suspicion of four charges of kidnapping and two charges of first-degree murder, is spotted on store cameras in a Guntown, Mississippi store and is added to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's Most Wanted List. ](/news/2012/05/9/adam-mayes-wanted-by-authorities-on-suspicion-of-four-charges-of-kidnapping-and-two-charges-of-first-degree-murder-is-spotted-on-store-cam.md) _Context: first-degree murder_
9. [Virginia, United States shootings suspect Christopher Speight is charged with first degree murder. ](/news/2010/01/21/virginia-united-states-shootings-suspect-christopher-speight-is-charged-with-first-degree-murder.md) _Context: first-degree murder_
10. [ Mijailo Mijailovic is sentenced to life imprisonment for the equivalent of First-degree murder, found guilty of assassination of Sweden's Foreign Minister Anna Lindh, September 10, 2003.](/news/2004/03/22/mijailo-mijailovic-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-the-equivalent-of-first-degree-murder-found-guilty-of-assassination-of-sweden-s-f.md) _Context: first-degree murder_
