### [2002-10-14](/news/2002/10/14/index.md)

#  2002 Bali bombings: Indonesia's defense minister blamed al-Qaida and its extremist allies for the massive bomb attack that killed more than 180 people at a nightclub on the resort island of Bali.




### Related:

1. [ The Supreme Court of Indonesia upholds the death sentence handed down to Bali bomber Amrozi. The 12 October 2002 attacks killed 202 mainly holiday makers on the resort island of Bali. ](/news/2004/01/7/the-supreme-court-of-indonesia-upholds-the-death-sentence-handed-down-to-bali-bomber-amrozi-the-12-october-2002-attacks-killed-202-mainly.md) _Context: Bali, Bali bomber, Indonesia_
2. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: Bali, Bali bomber, Indonesia_
3. [ 2002 Bali bombings: A car-bomb on the Indonesian island of Bali explodes outside a nightclub killing at least 182 people, 75% of whom are said to have been foreign holidaymakers. Another 210 people are said to have been injured. The principal suspects for this terrorist incident are a group seeking to establish an Islamic state in Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, although it could equally be the work of al-Qaeda. Another bomb explodes at around the same time in the nearby town of Denpasar, Bali. It had been said to be an attack on Australian holidaymakers due to its role in the liberation of East Timor.](/news/2002/10/12/2002-bali-bombings-a-car-bomb-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-explodes-outside-a-nightclub-killing-at-least-182-people-75-of-whom-are-s.md) _Context: 2002 Bali bombings, Bali, Indonesia_
4. [An explosion on a tourist speed boat kills two people and injures 20 others shortly after departing from the Indonesian port of Padangbai in Karangasem, Bali. ](/news/2016/09/15/an-explosion-on-a-tourist-speed-boat-kills-two-people-and-injures-20-others-shortly-after-departing-from-the-indonesian-port-of-padangbai-in.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
5. [Five people, including an 18-month-old baby, are missing from an Indonesian ferryboat traveling from Bali to East Java that sank in the Bali Strait; 76 people have been rescued. ](/news/2016/03/4/five-people-including-an-18-month-old-baby-are-missing-from-an-indonesian-ferryboat-traveling-from-bali-to-east-java-that-sank-in-the-bali.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
6. [Ash from Indonesia's Mount Rinjani volcano closes Bali's Ngurah Rai International Airport, the country's third busiest. Nearly 700 flights are cancelled. Officials will re-evaluate the situation tomorrow. Mount Rinjani started spewing ash last weekend. ](/news/2015/11/4/ash-from-indonesia-s-mount-rinjani-volcano-closes-bali-s-ngurah-rai-international-airport-the-country-s-third-busiest-nearly-700-flights-a.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
7. [Australian Schapelle Corby is granted parole (along with 1,290 others) in Indonesia after serving nine years in a Bali prison for drug smuggling. ](/news/2014/02/7/australian-schapelle-corby-is-granted-parole-along-with-1-290-others-in-indonesia-after-serving-nine-years-in-a-bali-prison-for-drug-smugg.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
8. [The World Trade Organization meeting in Bali, Indonesia, concludes with agreement to simplify trade deals and make it easier for poorer states to sell their goods as part of the Bali Package. ](/news/2013/12/7/the-world-trade-organization-meeting-in-bali-indonesia-concludes-with-agreement-to-simplify-trade-deals-and-make-it-easier-for-poorer-stat.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
9. [The pilot and co-pilot of a Lion Air plane that crashed at Ngurah Rai International Airport in Bali, Indonesia, pass initial drug tests, as investigators probe the causes of the accident that left dozens injured. ](/news/2013/04/15/the-pilot-and-co-pilot-of-a-lion-air-plane-that-crashed-at-ngurah-rai-international-airport-in-bali-indonesia-pass-initial-drug-tests-as.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
10. [Indonesian authorities evacuate foreign and female prisoners from Kerobokan Prison on Bali following a second night of unrest. ](/news/2012/02/23/indonesian-authorities-evacuate-foreign-and-female-prisoners-from-kerobokan-prison-on-bali-following-a-second-night-of-unrest.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
