### [2010-03-19](/news/2010/03/19/index.md)

# Dutch officials object to "ridiculous" and "out of the realm of fiction" claims by retired American general John J. Sheehan, a former NATO commander, that the use of gay soldiers in 1995 meant Dutch forces were "under-strength" and "poorly led" when attempting to protect Bosnian civilians in Srebrenica. 

Former US general says 1995 massacre due in part to Dutch army allowing gay troops.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/03/2010319133515778679.html)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2010/03/19/dutch-gay-troops.html?ref=rss&loomia_si=t0:a16:g4:r3:c0:b0)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/7478738/Gay-Dutch-soldiers-responsible-for-Srebrenica-massacre-says-US-general.html)

### Related:

1. [The Netherlands is held responsible for the deaths of three Bosniaks during the Srebrenica massacre in Bosnia, according to a court ruling in The Hague. ](/news/2011/07/5/the-netherlands-is-held-responsible-for-the-deaths-of-three-bosniaks-during-the-srebrenica-massacre-in-bosnia-according-to-a-court-ruling-i.md) _Context: Bosnia, Netherlands_
2. [Hundreds of people wearing pink wigs and pink clothing walk out of Catholic Mass in 's-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands in protest of a gay Dutch man being refused communion in a nearby town. ](/news/2010/02/28/hundreds-of-people-wearing-pink-wigs-and-pink-clothing-walk-out-of-catholic-mass-in-s-hertogenbosch-in-the-netherlands-in-protest-of-a-gay.md) _Context: Netherlands, homosexuality_
3. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: NATO_
4. [Aftermath of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Montenegro-NATO relations. Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide. An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [Road incidents in the Netherlands. Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/road-incidents-in-the-netherlands-eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: NATO_
