### [2002-11-23](/news/2002/11/23/index.md)

#  2002 Ecuadorian elections: In the presidential runoff election, former coup leader and left-leaning soldier Lucio Gutierrez of the January 21 Patriotic Society Party/Pachakutik Plurinational Unity Movement - New Country receives 54.4% of the vote to become the next president of Ecuador, defeating Alvaro Noboa of the Institutional Renewal Party of National Action, who receives 45.2% of the vote.




### Related:

1. [ Vice President Alfredo Palacio is sworn in as new interim President of Ecuador, after Congress removes President Lucio Gutierrez from office after a week of escalating street protests demanding his ouster. Riot police fire tear gas at protesters who demand the resignation of president Gutierrez. One man has died of a heart attack during the demonstration. ](/news/2005/04/20/vice-president-alfredo-palacio-is-sworn-in-as-new-interim-president-of-ecuador-after-congress-removes-president-lucio-gutia-c-rrez-from-offi.md) _Context: Lucio Gutiérrez, President_
2. [ In Quito, Ecuador, riot police clash with demonstrators and strikers that protest against the government of president Lucio Gutierrez. Congress replaced the entire supreme court last December and has not come to an agreement with the political opposition. ](/news/2005/04/14/in-quito-ecuador-riot-police-clash-with-demonstrators-and-strikers-that-protest-against-the-government-of-president-lucio-gutia-c-rrez-con.md) _Context: Lucio Gutiérrez, President_
3. [The death toll from Saturday's earthquake has risen to at least 480 with  1,700 missing. Another 2,500 have been injured. President Rafael Correa states it is the worst disaster in Ecuador in seven decades, and the reconstruction will have a "huge economic impact" on the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-earthquake-has-risen-to-at-least-480-with-1-700-missing-another-2-500-have-been-injured-president-rafael-c.md) _Context: President_
4. [Voters in the Maldives go to the polls for a Presidential election with no candidate achieving an outright majority with a runoff election to be held on September 28. ](/news/2013/09/7/voters-in-the-maldives-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-no-candidate-achieving-an-outright-majority-with-a-runoff-election-t.md) _Context: runoff election_
5. [Rafael Correa is sworn in as President of Ecuador for an unprecedented third term. ](/news/2013/05/24/rafael-correa-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-ecuador-for-an-unprecedented-third-term.md) _Context: President_
6. [Voters in Ecuador go to the polls for a general election with incumbent President Rafael Correa claiming a landslide victory. ](/news/2013/02/17/voters-in-ecuador-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-incumbent-president-rafael-correa-claiming-a-landslide-victory.md) _Context: President_
7. [Ecuador's National Court of Justice issues an international arrest warrant for former President Jamil Mahuad on embezzlement charges and orders that all of his assets in Ecuador be seized. ](/news/2012/12/12/ecuador-s-national-court-of-justice-issues-an-international-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-jamil-mahuad-on-embezzlement-charges-and-ord.md) _Context: President_
8. [Voters in the US state of Texas go to the polls for a runoff election in the Republican Senate primary with Ted Cruz defeating David Dewhurst. ](/news/2012/07/31/voters-in-the-us-state-of-texas-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-in-the-republican-senate-primary-with-ted-cruz-defeating-david-dewhurs.md) _Context: runoff election_
9. [Franois Hollande defeats Martine Aubry in a primary runoff election held by the French Socialist Party, becoming the party's official candidate to challenge incumbent President of France Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/16/francois-hollande-defeats-martine-aubry-in-a-primary-runoff-election-held-by-the-french-socialist-party-becoming-the-party-s-official-candi.md) _Context: runoff election_
10. [The first results of the Liberian general election are due to be announced, with a runoff election likely in the presidential race between incumbent President and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and ex-diplomat Winston Tubman. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-first-results-of-the-liberian-general-election-are-due-to-be-announced-with-a-runoff-election-likely-in-the-presidential-race-between-i.md) _Context: runoff election_
