### [2002-11-23](/news/2002/11/23/index.md)

#  Following riots and killings in Nigeria, Miss World contest organizers leave and reconvene in London




### Related:

1. [Miss Turkey, Azra Akin from Almelo, won the Miss World competition which had been moved from Nigeria to London because of religious violence.](/news/2002/12/7/miss-turkey-azra-aka-n-from-almelo-won-the-miss-world-competition-which-had-been-moved-from-nigeria-to-london-because-of-religious-violenc.md) _Context: London, Miss World, Nigeria_
2. [Thousands of people in south-eastern Nigeria attend the funeral of former Biafran secessionist leader Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu who died in London last year. ](/news/2012/03/2/thousands-of-people-in-south-eastern-nigeria-attend-the-funeral-of-former-biafran-secessionist-leader-chukwuemeka-odumegwu-ojukwu-who-died-i.md) _Context: London, Nigeria_
3. [ At least 100 people were killed at the Miss World Beauty Pageant in Nigeria. At least 200 of others were reported missing. The Miss World Beauty Pageant was meant to be a significant international event, and all the world was looking forward to it. It had been planned for weeks. Instead, the entire event was violently interrupted by Muslim and Christian mobs. The Miss World competition was decided to be moved to London.](/news/2002/11/22/at-least-100-people-were-killed-at-the-miss-world-beauty-pageant-in-nigeria-at-least-200-of-others-were-reported-missing-the-miss-world-b.md) _Context: London, Miss World_
4. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which   investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding,  echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London.  ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
5. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic,  the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in  Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in.md) _Context: London_
6. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Nigeria_
7. [Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
8. [A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attending-the-scene-no-casu.md) _Context: London_
9. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
10. [The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-metropolitan-police-ser.md) _Context: London_
