### [2002-11-23](/news/2002/11/23/index.md)

#  In the Netherlands, Volkert van der Graaf confessed to the murder of Pim Fortuyn.  He said he acted alone and did it to protect vulnerable groups in society.




### Related:

1. [ Recent celebrity deaths: In the Netherlands, controversial right wing politician Pim Fortuyn is shot dead when leaving a radio studio, nine days before the general election for the lower house of parliament.](/news/2002/05/6/recent-celebrity-deaths-in-the-netherlands-controversial-right-wing-politician-pim-fortuyn-is-shot-dead-when-leaving-a-radio-studio-nine.md) _Context: Netherlands, Pim Fortuyn_
2. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
3. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
4. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [Ard van der Steur the Minister of Security and Justice of the Netherlands resigns after allegedly misinforming the House of Representatives over the fallout of a payments scandal. ](/news/2017/01/26/ard-van-der-steur-the-minister-of-security-and-justice-of-the-netherlands-resigns-after-allegedly-misinforming-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [Belgium supports a plan by Dutch minister Lilianne Ploumen to launch a fund compensating worldwide for the United States' newly-reinstated Mexico City policy. ](/news/2017/01/25/belgium-supports-a-plan-by-dutch-minister-lilianne-ploumen-to-launch-a-fund-compensating-worldwide-for-the-united-states-newly-reinstated-m.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Netherlands_
