### [2011-06-4](/news/2011/06/4/index.md)

# Senior Islamic militant Ilyas Kashmiri, the leader of Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami, is killed in a US drone attack in South Waziristan in Pakistan. 

Ilyas Kashmiri was on a list which the US gave Pakistan of senior al-Qaeda members it wanted killed or captured.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/06/20116495720875573.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-13653324)

### Related:

1. [Bangladesh-United States relations. U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner condemns Wednesday's "barbaric murder" of Nazimuddin Samad, and says federal officials are considering granting refuge to a select number of Bangladeshi writers who are under "imminent danger" because of their critical views of radical Islamists. ](/news/2016/04/8/bangladesh-united-states-relations-u-s-state-department-spokesman-mark-toner-condemns-wednesday-s-barbaric-murder-of-nazimuddin-samad.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
2. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
3. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing. Pakistan officials tell Reuters its forces will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamist militants in Punjab. Sunday's attack was Taliban-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar's fifth bombing since December. ](/news/2016/03/28/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-pakistan-officials-tell-reuters-its-forces-will-launch-a-paramilitary-crackdown-on-islamist-militants-in-punjab.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Libyan National Army says it has taken control of the town of Ajdabiya and several areas of Benghazi following heavy clashes with Islamist militant groups. ](/news/2016/02/21/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-libyan-national-army-says-it-has-taken-control-of-the-town-of-ajdabiya-and-several-areas-of-benghazi.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
5. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present). Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/02/21/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-germany-is-considering-sending-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-train-the-tunisian-army-in-the-fight-ag.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
6. [Northern Mali conflict. Ansar Dine, a militant Islamist group linked to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for yesterday's attack on a United Nations base in Kidal, northern Mali, that killed six UN peacekeepers, all from neighboring Guinea. ](/news/2016/02/13/northern-mali-conflict-ansar-dine-a-militant-islamist-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
7. [Northern Mali conflict. An attack by suspected Islamist militants on a MINUSMA base in the town of Kidal, northern Mali, kills at least five United Nations peacekeepers and injures 30 others. ](/news/2016/02/12/northern-mali-conflict-an-attack-by-suspected-islamist-militants-on-a-minusma-base-in-the-town-of-kidal-northern-mali-kills-at-least-five.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
8. [Northern Mali conflict. Suspected Islamist militants attack a customs post in the town of Mopti, central Mali, killing two civilians and a customs officer. ](/news/2016/02/11/northern-mali-conflict-suspected-islamist-militants-attack-a-customs-post-in-the-town-of-mopti-central-mali-killing-two-civilians-and-a-c.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
9. [2016 Jakarta attacks. Indonesia blocks access to radical Islamist websites and social media sites after the recent terror attacks in Jakarta. ](/news/2016/01/16/2016-jakarta-attacks-indonesia-blocks-access-to-radical-islamist-websites-and-social-media-sites-after-the-recent-terror-attacks-in-jakarta.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan. A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: radical Islamists_
