### [2011-06-4](/news/2011/06/4/index.md)

# Two terrorist suspects wanted in connection with the shooting of two Indonesian police officers are killed in a raid in Poso, Central Sulawesi. 




### Source:

1. [Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2011/06/04/two-suspects-killed-raid-after-poso-shooting.html)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian military helicopter crash shortly after takeoff from Poso kills 13 passengers. Their mission was  to try to capture Indonesia's most wanted militant, Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of the Islamic State affiliate East Indonesia Mujahidin network. ](/news/2016/03/20/an-indonesian-military-helicopter-crash-shortly-after-takeoff-from-poso-kills-13-passengers-their-mission-was-to-try-to-capture-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Poso_
2. [ Thousands riot in Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, following the execution of three Christian militants found guilty of taking part in an attack on a Muslim boarding school. ](/news/2006/09/22/thousands-riot-in-central-sulawesi-indonesia-following-the-execution-of-three-christian-militants-found-guilty-of-taking-part-in-an-attac.md) _Context: Central Sulawesi, Indonesia_
3. [ A 6.2 Richter scale earthquake in Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia, results in one reported death. ](/news/2005/01/24/a-6-2-richter-scale-earthquake-in-palu-central-sulawesi-indonesia-results-in-one-reported-death.md) _Context: Central Sulawesi, Indonesia_
4. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Two Indonesian men are publicly caned by local authorities in Aceh on accusation of illegal homosexual intercourse. ](/news/2017/05/23/two-indonesian-men-are-publicly-caned-by-local-authorities-in-aceh-on-accusation-of-illegal-homosexual-intercourse.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the ''KM Hiu Macan 001'', intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-po.md) _Context: Indonesia_
