### [2003-07-7](/news/2003/07/7/index.md)

#  A rare political drama happens in Hong Kong. Chief Executive Tung Chee Hwa is forced to postpone the legislation of Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, just few hours after he insists the second reading will go on schedule despite the giant protest on July 1.




### Related:

1. [ In response to 500,000-strong protests earlier in the week, Tung Chee-hwa, Chief Executive of Hong Kong, announces that controversial provisions that are alleged capable of limiting civil liberties in Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23 will be rewritten. ](/news/2003/07/5/in-response-to-500-000-strong-protests-earlier-in-the-week-tung-chee-hwa-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-announces-that-controversial-provi.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, Tung Chee-Hwa_
2. [ The Macau security law draft was unveiled; it is based on the Article 23 of the Macau Basic Law, similar to the failed anti-subversion bill in Hong Kong based on Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, which drew over 500,000 protesters in 2003. ](/news/2008/10/22/the-macau-security-law-draft-was-unveiled-it-is-based-on-the-article-23-of-the-macau-basic-law-similar-to-the-failed-anti-subversion-bill.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23_
3. [ Unpopular Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa of the former British colony of Hong Kong reportedly resigns, with reluctant approval from Beijing. ](/news/2005/03/2/unpopular-chief-executive-tung-chee-hwa-of-the-former-british-colony-of-hong-kong-reportedly-resigns-with-reluctant-approval-from-beijing.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Tung Chee-Hwa_
4. [ The State Council of the People's Republic of China approves the resignation of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Tung Chee-Hwa, who then becomes a vice-chairman of the Political Consultative Conference, an advisory body. ](/news/2005/03/12/the-state-council-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-approves-the-resignation-of-hong-kong-s-chief-executive-tung-chee-hwa-who-then-becomes.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Tung Chee-Hwa_
5. [ In Hong Kong, 500,000 people march to protest the rush into legislation of Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23, the anti-subversion law. Critics say the law is both too broad and too vague.](/news/2003/07/1/in-hong-kong-500-000-people-march-to-protest-the-rush-into-legislation-of-hong-kong-basic-law-article-23-the-anti-subversion-law-critics.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23_
6. [Politics of Hong Kong: Thousands protest silently in Hong Kong honoring the life of dissident Liu Xiaobo. ](/news/2017/07/15/politics-of-hong-kong-thousands-protest-silently-in-hong-kong-honoring-the-life-of-dissident-liu-xiaobo.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
7. [Politics of Hong Kong: Four lawmakers are removed from the Hong Kong legislature. ](/news/2017/07/14/politics-of-hong-kong-four-lawmakers-are-removed-from-the-hong-kong-legislature.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
8. [Politics of Hong Kong: Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
9. [Politics of Hong Kong: Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
10. [Hong Kong Chief Executive election, 2017: The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/hong-kong-chief-executive-election-2017-the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-fir.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
