### [2017-09-29](/news/2017/09/29/index.md)

# Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". 

The decision comes as pressure mounts after a decisive “Yes” vote in an independence referendum.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-41440747)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/images/ic/1024x576/p05hkxyf.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum, 2017_
2. [The government of Iraqi Kurdistan announces that they won the referendum by over 92% of the vote. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-government-of-iraqi-kurdistan-announces-that-they-won-the-referendum-by-over-92-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum, 2017_
3. [The result of a non-binding independence referendum by Iraqi Kurdistan will to be announced within 72 hours. The vote is widely expected to be in favor of independence. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-result-of-a-non-binding-independence-referendum-by-iraqi-kurdistan-will-to-be-announced-within-72-hours-the-vote-is-widely-expected-to.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum, 2017_
4. [Iranian forces launch a military exercise near the border of Iraqi Kurdistan, hours before a Kurdish vote on independence from Iraq. Turkey is also conducting a military exercise in the region. ](/news/2017/09/24/iranian-forces-launch-a-military-exercise-near-the-border-of-iraqi-kurdistan-hours-before-a-kurdish-vote-on-independence-from-iraq-turkey.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum, 2017_
5. [Senior Kurdish and Shi'ite Muslim leaders agree to withdraw from Tuz Khurmato, Iraq, where recent violence has killed more than 10 people. ](/news/2016/04/27/senior-kurdish-and-shi-ite-muslim-leaders-agree-to-withdraw-from-tuz-khurmato-iraq-where-recent-violence-has-killed-more-than-10-people.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
6. [Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-security-risks.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
8. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
9. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
10. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Regional Government_
