### [2017-09-29](/news/2017/09/29/index.md)

# Mexico City officials ignored warnings that unauthorized construction work had damaged the structural integrity of the Enrique C. Rebsamen school before the magnitude 7.1 quake which hit Sept. 19 and pancaked a three-story wing of the building, killing 26 people including 19 children. An unpermitted and unsound fourth story had been added atop of the wing. The overall death toll now stands at at least 358 people. 

 MEXICO CITY (AP) — A Mexico City borough president said officials from a previous administration ignored warnings that unauthorized construction work had damaged the structural in


### Source:

1. [AP](https://www.apnews.com/4d56fc67f60d47c3874a431a6b217e24)
1. [Cover Image](https://storage.googleapis.com/afs-prod/media/media:51435f6dbe5a4de18540002cde75c416/800.jpeg)

### Related:

1. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Mexico, killing at least 220 people and collapsing several buildings in Mexico City and widespread evacuations, hours after a yearly earthquake drill in commemoration of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. ](/news/2017/09/19/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-mexico-killing-at-least-220-people-and-collapsing-several-buildings-in-mexico-city-and-widespread-evacua.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake, Mexico City_
2. [A magnitude 6.2 earthquake strikes the central Mexican state of Oaxaca killing at least five people and damaging housing and infrastructure already damaged by Tuesday's 2017 Central Mexico earthquake. ](/news/2017/09/23/a-magnitude-6-2-earthquake-strikes-the-central-mexican-state-of-oaxaca-killing-at-least-five-people-and-damaging-housing-and-infrastructure.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake_
3. [Rescuers are focusing on 10 collapsed buildings where people may still be alive. Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera reports the death toll is now at least 273, with 50 people still missing. ](/news/2017/09/21/rescuers-are-focusing-on-10-collapsed-buildings-where-people-may-still-be-alive-mexico-city-mayor-miguel-angel-mancera-reports-the-death-t.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake_
4. [ Searches continue for possible survivors of the magnitude 7.1 earthquake that hit central Mexico yesterday. By mid-afternoon, 52 people are rescued while at least 226 people have been killed and another 800 injured. ](/news/2017/09/20/searches-continue-for-possible-survivors-of-the-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-that-hit-central-mexico-yesterday-by-mid-afternoon-52-people-are.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake_
5. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
6. [An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. ](/news/2016/12/20/an-explosion-at-a-fireworks-market-in-the-city-of-tultepec-near-mexico-city-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-at-least-70-others-pyrote.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico City_
8. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Mexico City_
9. [Mexico City authorities declare a pollution alert after smog rose to 1.5 times acceptable limits the day before implementation of the City's new, temporary air quality program that will keep one-fifth of the city's cars at home every weekday. ](/news/2016/04/4/mexico-city-authorities-declare-a-pollution-alert-after-smog-rose-to-1-5-times-acceptable-limits-the-day-before-implementation-of-the-city-s.md) _Context: Mexico City_
10. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-we.md) _Context: Mexico City_
