### [2017-09-29](/news/2017/09/29/index.md)

# The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/29/politics/us-cuba-sonic-attacks-pulls-out-diplomats/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, U.S. State Department, sonic attacks_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry officially reopens the American embassy in Havana. Eight congressional lawmakers involved in the policy change also attend. ](/news/2015/08/14/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-officially-reopens-the-american-embassy-in-havana-eight-congressional-lawmakers-involved-in-the-policy-c.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, personnel_
3. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, personnel_
4. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-forced-u-s-officials-to-return-h.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
6. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
7. [The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-treated-for-hearing-loss-following-up-on-yesterday-s-report.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
8. [A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passengers-are-detaine.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
10. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: FBI_
