### [2017-09-29](/news/2017/09/29/index.md)

# The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following sonic attacks that injured in personnel on the island. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/29/politics/us-cuba-sonic-attacks-pulls-out-diplomats/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, U.S. State Department, sonic attacks_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry officially reopens the American embassy in Havana. Eight congressional lawmakers involved in the policy change also attend. ](/news/2015/08/14/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-officially-reopens-the-american-embassy-in-havana-eight-congressional-lawmakers-involved-in-the-policy-c.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, personnel_
3. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, personnel_
4. [Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-forced-u-s-officials-to-return-h.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
5. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
6. [The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-treated-for-hearing-loss-following-up-on-yesterday-s-report.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
7. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
9. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
10. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
