### [2017-09-29](/news/2017/09/29/index.md)

# The journal "Protein & Cell" publishes Sun Yat-sen University research describing the use of gene therapy in the removal of a version of the inherited blood disorder beta-thalassemia from an artificially-created nuclear transfer-type of cloning-model system of human oocytes. Collectively, this study demonstrated the feasibility of curing this and a range of other inherited diseases using the same genome editing technology of CRISPR. 

A Chinese team corrected the potentially fatal blood disorder beta-thalassemia.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/health-41386849)
2. [Protein & Cell](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s13238-017-0475-6)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/76C4/production/_98040403_gettyimages-648380630.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A panel of external experts to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration unanimously vote that the benefits of the gene replacement treatment made by Spark Therapeutics of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, called voretigene neparvovec (trade name, Luxturna), which treats Leber's congenital amaurosis, a form of hereditary blindness, outweigh its risks. The treatment, which targets a specific disease-causing mutation, is designed to treat individuals who have two mutated copies of a gene called "RPE65" and consists of a virus injected into the eye loaded with a normal copy of the "RPE65" gene. Further, this technique utilizing adeno-associated virus as a vector may, in the future, be used for the treatment of heart disease and also other mutations, including some cancers. ](/news/2017/10/12/a-panel-of-external-experts-to-the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-unanimously-vote-that-the-benefits-of-the-gene-replacement-treatment-ma.md) _Context: Gene therapy_
2. [The Food and Drug Administration has approved the first treatment that genetically engineers patients' own blood cells to destroy acute lymphoblastic leukemia. The approval makes Novartis the proprietor of the first gene therapy to hit the U.S. market. ](/news/2017/08/30/the-food-and-drug-administration-has-approved-the-first-treatment-that-genetically-engineers-patients-own-blood-cells-to-destroy-acute-lymp.md) _Context: Gene therapy_
3. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: genome editing_
4. [A 1-year-old from London with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who had undergone myriads of unsuccessful treatments since she was 14 weeks old is in remission thanks to gene-editing technology, used for just the second time, that allowed her to receive modified immune cells from another person. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-1-year-old-from-london-with-acute-lymphoblastic-leukemia-who-had-undergone-myriads-of-unsuccessful-treatments-since-she-was-14-weeks-old-i.md) _Context: genome editing_
5. [In a study published in "Nature", University of Oregon researchers describe the first creation of human embryonic stem cells by cloning. ](/news/2013/05/15/in-a-study-published-in-nature-university-of-oregon-researchers-describe-the-first-creation-of-human-embryonic-stem-cells-by-cloning.md) _Context: cloning_

### Changes:

1. [Sun Yat-sen University research published in the journal "Protein & Cell" describes using gene therapy in the removal of a version of the inherited blood disorder beta-thalassemia from an artificially-created nuclear transfer-type of cloning-model system of human oocytes. Collectively, this study demonstrated the feasibility of curing this and a range of other inherited diseases using the same genome editing technology of CRISPR. ](/news/2017/09/29/sun-yat-sen-university-research-published-in-the-journal-protein-cell-describes-using-gene-therapy-in-the-removal-of-a-version-of-the-in.md) _2017-10-01 03:52:08 (First version)_
2. [The journal "Protein & Cell" publishes Sun Yat-sen University research describing the of use of gene therapy in the removal of a version of the inherited blood disorder beta-thalassemia from an artificially-created nuclear transfer-type of cloning-model system of human oocytes. Collectively, this study demonstrated the feasibility of curing this and a range of other inherited diseases using the same genome editing technology of CRISPR. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-journal-protein-cell-publishes-sun-yat-sen-university-research-describing-the-of-use-of-gene-therapy-in-the-removal-of-a-version-of.md) _2017-10-01 06:30:05 (Update)_
2. [The journal "Protein & Cell" publishes Sun Yat-sen University research describing the use of gene therapy in the removal of a version of the inherited blood disorder beta-thalassemia from an artificially-created nuclear transfer-type of cloning-model system of human oocytes. Collectively, this study demonstrated the feasibility of curing this and a range of other inherited diseases using the same genome editing technology of CRISPR. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-journal-protein-cell-publishes-sun-yat-sen-university-research-describing-the-use-of-gene-therapy-in-the-removal-of-a-version-of-the.md) _(Current version)_
