### [2017-09-29](/news/2017/09/29/index.md)

# Tom Price resigns as the Secretary of Health and Human Services in the midst of a scandal over his use of private planes. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/29/politics/tom-price-resigns/index.html)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos plans to change the sexual assault guidelines on college campuses created by the previous administration. ](/news/2017/09/7/united-states-secretary-of-education-betsy-devos-plans-to-change-the-sexual-assault-guidelines-on-college-campuses-created-by-the-previous-a.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
2. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [The Trump Administration announces that, during the next six months, it will be ending the DACA program that has halted the deportation of about 800,000 people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Congress is called upon to pass legislation to correct the situation. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-trump-administration-announces-that-during-the-next-six-months-it-will-be-ending-the-daca-program-that-has-halted-the-deportation-of-a.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month-coming-a-day-after-two-othe.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
