### [2012-06-26](/news/2012/06/26/index.md)

# Bhutan's four-century old Wangdue Phodrang Dzong, a ridge-top monastery, catches fire and is destroyed; however no relics were destroyed since the monastery was undergoing a renovation. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/06/26/world/asia/bhutan-dzong-fire/index.html?hpt=hp_bn2)

### Related:

1. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Bhutan_
2. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Bhutan_
3. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Bhutan_
4. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Bhutan_
5. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: Bhutan_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: Bhutan_
7. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: Bhutan_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: Bhutan_
9. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bhutan_
10. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan_
