### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# Enda Kenny and Michael Noonan of Ireland's (opposition) Fine Gael party meet the President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso in Brussels. The pair are believed to be protesting against the terms of the country's recent financial bailout from the EU/IMF. 

Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny has told the president of the European Commission José Manuel Barroso that if given a mandate by the people a Fine Gael-led coalition would seek to renegotiate the terms of the EU IMF bailout.


### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20110128-712248.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/0128/economy.html)
3. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/kenny-urges-eu-to-cut-interest-rate-on-bailout-2514708.html)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael_
2. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael_
3. [In his yearly State of the Union speech at the European Parliament, President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso appeals for more European integration and a supervision mechanism for the 6,000 banks in Europe.  ](/news/2012/09/12/in-his-yearly-state-of-the-union-speech-at-the-european-parliament-president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-appeals-for-mo.md) _Context: José Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission_
4. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael_
5. [Ireland's Fine Gael leader Enda Kenny travels to Germany to brief Angela Merkel on matters of economic concern. ](/news/2011/02/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-leader-enda-kenny-travels-to-germany-to-brief-angela-merkel-on-matters-of-economic-concern.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael_
6. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael_
7. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael_
8. [ President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso nominates a new team of commissioners for his second five-year term. ](/news/2009/11/27/president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-nominates-a-new-team-of-commissioners-for-his-second-five-year-term.md) _Context: José Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission_
9. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Polish President Lech Kaczynski announces his intention to sign the Treaty of Lisbon on Saturday October 10, completing the country's ratification process. The Polish ratification ceremony is due to be attended by President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso. ](/news/2009/10/8/treaty-of-lisbon-p-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-announces-his-intention-to-sign-the-treaty-of-lisbon-on-saturday-october-10-completing.md) _Context: José Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission_
10. [ Treaty of Lisbon: President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso arrives in Ireland on the campaign trail for the country's second referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2009/09/19/treaty-of-lisbon-p-president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-arrives-in-ireland-on-the-campaign-trail-for-the-country-s-sec.md) _Context: José Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission_
