### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff, speaking at a joint press conference with Rio de Janeiro state governor Sergio Cabral, vows to build 8,000 houses to be given free to people made homeless by the recent floods and landslides in Rio de Janeiro state. 

Brazil says it will build 8,000 free houses for people made homeless by floods and landslides in Rio de Janeiro state.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-12303930)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
3. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
5. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
6. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-bra.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
9. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes overwhelmingly (367-137) in favor of impeachment procedures against President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/17/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-overwhelmingly-367-137-in-favor-of-impeachment-procedures-a.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
