### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# Rwandan rebel leader Callixte Mbarushimana appears before war crimes judges in The Hague. He denies any involvement in the charges laid against him. 

A Rwandan Hutu rebel leader faces the International Criminal Court for the first time, accused of &quot;spreading terror&quot; in DR Congo.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12307593)

### Related:

1. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, Rwanda, The Hague_
2. [The International Criminal Court dismisses charges against Callixte Mbarushimana, a Rwandan rebel accused of the torture, rape and murder of Congolese villagers by Hutu militia in 2009. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-international-criminal-court-dismisses-charges-against-callixte-mbarushimana-a-rwandan-rebel-accused-of-the-torture-rape-and-murder-of.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, Rwanda_
3. [Callixte Mbarushimana, the rebel leader accused of committing war crimes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is extradited from France to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/25/callixte-mbarushimana-the-rebel-leader-accused-of-committing-war-crimes-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-is-extradited-from-france.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, The Hague_
4. [A French court orders the extradition of Rwandan rebel leader Callixte Mbarushimana to stand trial at the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2010/11/3/a-french-court-orders-the-extradition-of-rwandan-rebel-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-to-stand-trial-at-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Callixte Mbarushimana, Rwanda_
5. [Rwandan presidential election, 2017. Voters in Rwanda go to the polls to elect their president. Paul Kagame, incumbent since 2000, referred to the election as a formality, despite challenges from the Democratic Greens' Frank Habineza and independent Philippe Mpayimana. Kagame is re-elected with 98.66 of the vote. ](/news/2017/08/4/rwandan-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-rwanda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-president-paul-kagame-incumbent-since-2000-referred.md) _Context: Rwanda_
6. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide. An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: The Hague_
7. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: The Hague_
8. [2016 Tanzanian earthquake. A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/2016-tanzanian-earthquake-a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuri.md) _Context: Rwanda_
9. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda_
10. [ Rwandan genocide. A Swedish court sentences Claver Berinkindi, a 61-year-old Swedish citizen originally from Rwanda, to life in prison for participation in the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ](/news/2016/05/16/rwandan-genocide-a-swedish-court-sentences-claver-berinkindi-a-61-year-old-swedish-citizen-originally-from-rwanda-to-life-in-prison-for.md) _Context: Rwanda_
