### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# Taoiseach Brian Cowen promises to dissolve Dail Eireann next Tuesday and to announce the date of the Irish general election, 2011. 

Taoiseach Brian Cowen has said he will seek to dissolve the Dáil next Tuesday and announce the date of the General Election.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/0128/politics.html)
2. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20110128-711012.html)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:. Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-former-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-airean.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
2. [Irish general election, 2011:. Brian Cowen resigns by requesting the dissolution of the 30th Dail, allowing a general election to take place, the first such election of the eurozone debt crisis. ](/news/2011/02/1/irish-general-election-2011-brian-cowen-resigns-by-requesting-the-dissolution-of-the-30th-da-il-allowing-a-general-election-to-take-plac.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, parliament's dissolution, recently claimed back_
3. [Leadership challenge to Taoiseach Brian Cowen:. Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces his intention to lead the ruling Fianna Fail party into the upcoming general election after spending the past two days consulting his party. He offers his colleagues a secret motion of confidence ballot in his leadership, scheduled for Tuesday. ](/news/2011/01/16/leadership-challenge-to-taoiseach-brian-cowen-taoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-his-intention-to-lead-the-ruling-fianna-fa-il-party-into-the.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
4. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
5. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen addresses Dail Eireann ahead of a meeting of EU finance ministers, saying Ireland has not applied for financial support from the European Union. ](/news/2010/11/16/taoiseach-brian-cowen-addresses-da-il-aireann-ahead-of-a-meeting-of-eu-finance-ministers-saying-ireland-has-not-applied-for-financial-supp.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Dail Eireann, Taoiseach_
6. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Dail Eireann, Taoiseach_
7. [Politics of the Republic of Ireland. Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/politics-of-the-republic-of-ireland-irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignatio.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Taoiseach_
8. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Taoiseach_
9. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Taoiseach_
10. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Taoiseach_
