### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# The German film agency FSK (Voluntary Self-Regulation of the Movie Industry) permits the showing of the reportedly anti-Israel and anti-Semitic Turkish film, ''Valley of the Wolves: Palestine'', with an over 18 age restriction, saying it contains "propaganda tendencies" and "repetitive violence." The film, based on events surrounding last May's Gaza flotilla raid, has opened in cinemas in Turkey and Austria. 

Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region. Hurriyet daily news, turkish daily news, turkish news, hürriyet daily news, turkey news, daily news, hurriyet english, hurriyetdailynews


### Source:

1. [Hürriyet](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/n.php?n=8216valley-of-the-wolves-palestine8217-released-2011-01-28)
2. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/162391.html)
3. [The Canadian Press via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpress/article/ALeqM5h644s36e4-43BQDqfuYA1a22YbPg?docId=5785576)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2011/jan/28/turkish-flotilla-film-holocaust-day-germany)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=205596)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
2. [Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israelaturkey-relations-pisrael-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-de.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
3. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
4. [2010 Gaza flotilla raid:Turkey expels Israel's ambassador and cancels all military agreements with Israel, hours before a UN report investigating the raid is published. ](/news/2011/09/2/2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-pturkey-expels-israel-s-ambassador-and-cancels-all-military-agreements-with-israel-hours-before-a-un-report-investi.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
5. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
6. [Turkey requests that Israel pass on the names and addresses of the soldiers who raided a Gaza-bound flotilla, killing nine Turks last May. ](/news/2011/05/14/turkey-requests-that-israel-pass-on-the-names-and-addresses-of-the-soldiers-who-raided-a-gaza-bound-flotilla-killing-nine-turks-last-may.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
7. [Turkey releases its inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid, finding Israel violated international law and used "excessive, indiscriminate and disproportionate force" during the attack. ](/news/2011/02/12/turkey-releases-its-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-finding-israel-violated-international-law-and-used-excessive-indiscriminate-and-d.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
8. [Israeli inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid:An Israeli inquiry finds its own army acts "legal pursuant to the rules of international law" during May's fatal Gaza flotilla raid in which 9 Turkish activists were killed; a separate United Nations inquiry said there had been an "unacceptable level of brutality". The inquiry also declares Israel's naval blockade of Gaza to be legal. ](/news/2011/01/23/israeli-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-pan-israeli-inquiry-finds-its-own-army-acts-legal-pursuant-to-the-rules-of-international-law-d.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
9. [Senior officials from Turkey and Israel meet in Geneva to resolve their differences following the Gaza flotilla raid in May. ](/news/2010/12/6/senior-officials-from-turkey-and-israel-meet-in-geneva-to-resolve-their-differences-following-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-in-may.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkish_
