### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# Thousands of people take to the streets of Jordan for the third consecutive Friday of protests over inflation, unemployment and rising prices, amid demands for the resignation of Prime Minister Samir Rifai. 

Protesters gather across the country, demanding the prime minister step down.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/2011128125157509196.html)
2. [The Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01325d1a-2ae4-11e0-a2f3-00144feab49a.html)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=205641)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people march through the cities of Amman, Ma'an, Karak, Salt and Irbidin and other parts of Jordan, objecting to the government's inability to stop poverty and increased living costs. Prime Minister Samir Rifai, described as a "coward", is asked to resign. ](/news/2011/01/14/thousands-of-people-march-through-the-cities-of-amman-ma-an-karak-salt-and-irbidin-and-other-parts-of-jordan-objecting-to-the-government.md) _Context: Jordan, Samir Rifai_
2. [King Abdullah II of Jordan commissions the Prime Minister Samir Rifai to form a new government following recent elections. ](/news/2010/11/23/king-abdullah-ii-of-jordan-commissions-the-prime-minister-samir-rifai-to-form-a-new-government-following-recent-elections.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Samir Rifai_
3. [ Jordanian King Abdullah appoints technocrat Nader al-Dahabi as the new Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/11/22/jordanian-king-abdullah-appoints-technocrat-nader-al-dahabi-as-the-new-prime-minister.md) _Context: Jordan, Prime Minister_
4. [Jordanian authorities release a video of a shooting of United States soldiers by a Jordanian Air Force sergeant. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-shooting-of-united-states-soldiers-by-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant.md) _Context: Jordan_
5. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Jordan_
6. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Jordan_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan_
8. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Jordan_
9. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Jordan_
10. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Jordan_
