### [2011-01-28](/news/2011/01/28/index.md)

# Turkey's foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu expresses concerns that Israel's report into its own commando operation resulting in the Gaza flotilla raid is "neither credible nor unbiased", he tells a news conference before departing for Montenegro. 

Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region. Hurriyet daily news, turkish daily news, turkish news, hürriyet daily news, turkey news, daily news, hurriyet english, hurriyetdailynews


### Source:

1. [Hürriyet](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/n.php?n=israeli-report-not-independent-it-is-netanyahu-report-says-fm-2011-01-28)

### Related:

1. [The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the "primary forum" for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2011/01/25/the-united-states-describes-the-israeli-commission-of-inquiry-into-the-may-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-as-an-independent-report-credible-and-i.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
2. [Turkey's foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu reiterates his request for an apology from Israel for killing 9 Turks during May's Gaza flotilla raid ](/news/2010/12/25/turkey-s-foreign-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-reiterates-his-request-for-an-apology-from-israel-for-killing-9-turks-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Gaza flotilla raid_
3. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. ](/news/2010/08/9/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
4. [Lieutenant-General of Israel Gabi Ashkenazi testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. He says force used was "proportionate and correct" and that soldiers "shot those who they needed to shoot". ](/news/2010/08/11/lieutenant-general-of-israel-gabi-ashkenazi-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
5. [Defense Minister of Israel Ehud Barak testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. His prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday testified that he had left Barak to "co-ordinate" the raid and response "in all of its aspects" while he visited North America. ](/news/2010/08/10/defense-minister-of-israel-ehud-barak-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-flotilla-ra.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel's report_
6. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro_
7. [The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46a0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-politicians-boycott-the-vote-and-hold.md) _Context: Montenegro_
8. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-no.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
10. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over-t.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu_
