### [2005-01-25](/news/2005/01/25/index.md)

#  Camp X-Ray: The US has confirmed that 23 prisoners held in the Guantanamo Bay military base attempted a mass suicide two years ago. 




### Source:

1. [BBC video](http://news.bbc.co.uk/media/news_web/video/40760000/bb/40760471_bb_16x9.asx)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4204027.stm)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/US/01/24/suicidal.gitmo/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Camp X-Ray: Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called for the release of the remaining inmates at Guantanamo Bay and terror suspects detained without trial in the UK referring to the detentions without trial as ""unacceptable"" and ""distressing"". ](/news/2005/01/12/camp-x-ray-archbishop-desmond-tutu-has-called-for-the-release-of-the-remaining-inmates-at-guantanamo-bay-and-terror-suspects-detained-with.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
2. [ A report by the "New York Times" alleges that the United States administration overstated the intelligence value and importance of the prisoners held at the controversial prisoner camp at Guantanamo Bay. The report, based on interviews with government officials, concludes that only a relatively small percentage of the prisoners were sworn members of Al Qaeda, and that most were relatively unimportant, low-level people. ](/news/2004/06/21/a-report-by-the-new-york-times-alleges-that-the-united-states-administration-overstated-the-intelligence-value-and-importance-of-the-pris.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
3. [ Teenagers released from Guantanamo Bay's Camp X-Ray recall the place fondly. ](/news/2004/03/6/teenagers-released-from-guantanamo-bay-s-camp-x-ray-recall-the-place-fondly.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
4. [ Guantanamo Bay: Recently released British Camp X-Ray inmate Jamal al-Harith is interviewed by the Daily Mirror, alleging physical assaults and psychological torture. ](/news/2004/03/12/guantanamo-bay-recently-released-british-camp-x-ray-inmate-jamal-al-harith-is-interviewed-by-the-daily-mirror-alleging-physical-assaults.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
5. [ Camp X-ray: The United States' policy of detaining up to 600 people in Guantanamo Bay comes under fierce attack from the Red Cross and a group of American former judges, diplomats and military officers who are asking the Supreme Court of the United States to review the situation. The Red Cross criticises the policy of holding detainees without legal representation and in contravention of legal conventions; it reports a worrying deterioration in the mental health of detainees.](/news/2003/10/10/camp-x-ray-the-united-states-policy-of-detaining-up-to-600-people-in-guantanamo-bay-comes-under-fierce-attack-from-the-red-cross-and-a-gr.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
6. [ A report by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation reveals that twenty-six of their employees witnessed abuse at the Guantnamo Bay detainment camp in Cuba. ](/news/2007/01/2/a-report-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-reveals-that-twenty-six-of-their-employees-witnessed-abuse-at-the-guantanamo.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
7. [ The US government has rebuffed UK calls to close its controversial detention centre at Guantnamo Bay in Cuba. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-us-government-has-rebuffed-uk-calls-to-close-its-controversial-detention-centre-at-guantanamo-bay-in-cuba.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
8. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
9. [ The United States government agrees to apply parts of the Geneva Convention to detainees held at the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp, but does not change their status from enemy combatants to POWs. ](/news/2006/07/11/the-united-states-government-agrees-to-apply-parts-of-the-geneva-convention-to-detainees-held-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-but-do.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
10. [ The Supreme Court of the United States rules in "Hamdan v. Rumsfeld" that the Bush Administration has no authority to try detained prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay by military tribunal, and that the proceedings violate the Geneva Convention as well as the US constitution. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-rules-in-hamdan-v-rumsfeld-that-the-bush-administration-has-no-authority-to-try-detained-prisoner.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp_
