### [2005-01-25](/news/2005/01/25/index.md)

#  Marcial Maciel, Mexican founder of Roman Catholic order of Legion of Christ resigns due to his age. The stepping down coincides with the Vatican investigation about claims that he had sexually abused former members. 

Follow all the latest news on Long Island with Newsday. Read top local stories, watch video, and see pictures from all around Nassau and Suffolk counties.


### Source:

1. [Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/news/local/state/ny-bc-ct--legionariesofchri0124jan24,0,1018955.story?coll=ny-region-apconnecticut)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=660020)

### Related:

1. [The Vatican will issue guidelines for bishops, on how to combat sexual abuse within the church. ](/news/2010/11/20/the-vatican-will-issue-guidelines-for-bishops-on-how-to-combat-sexual-abuse-within-the-church.md) _Context: Holy See, sexual abuse_
2. [Pope Benedict XVI appoints Archbishop Velasio de Paolis to lead the Legion of Christ following the previous head who had engaged in child sex abuse and a number of other crimes throughout his career. ](/news/2010/07/9/pope-benedict-xvi-appoints-archbishop-velasio-de-paolis-to-lead-the-legion-of-christ-following-the-previous-head-who-had-engaged-in-child-se.md) _Context: Legion of Christ, previous head_
3. [The Vatican issues new instructions to speed up its own cases of priestly sexual abuse that are considered "most urgent". ](/news/2010/07/15/the-vatican-issues-new-instructions-to-speed-up-its-own-cases-of-priestly-sexual-abuse-that-are-considered-most-urgent.md) _Context: Holy See, sexual abuse_
4. [Pope Benedict XVI will appoint an envoy and a commission to reform Legion of Christ (LC), whose Mexican founder, Marcial Maciel, abused children before being dismissed in 2006. ](/news/2010/05/1/pope-benedict-xvi-will-appoint-an-envoy-and-a-commission-to-reform-legion-of-christ-lc-whose-mexican-founder-marcial-maciel-abused-chil.md) _Context: Legion of Christ, previous head_
5. [German Federal Minister of Justice Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger says the Vatican has built a "wall of silence" in response to the country's child sexual abuse controversy of recent months. ](/news/2010/03/8/german-federal-minister-of-justice-sabine-leutheusser-schnarrenberger-says-the-vatican-has-built-a-wall-of-silence-in-response-to-the-coun.md) _Context: Holy See, sexual abuse_
6. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Holy See_
7. [Holy See-Turkey relations: Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/holy-see-turkey-relations-pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-rei.md) _Context: Holy See_
8. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers' audit of its finances over questions whether proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move exposes the rift between the church-s old guard and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church-s commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-december.md) _Context: Holy See_
9. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Holy See_
10. [The Vatican commission on sexual abuse announces that Peter Saunders, a sexual abuse survivor from the U.K., is suspended from commission proceedings. "I am not leaving my position," Saunders said, adding only the person who appointed him, the Pope, can dismiss him. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-vatican-commission-on-sexual-abuse-announces-that-peter-saunders-a-sexual-abuse-survivor-from-the-u-k-is-suspended-from-commission-pr.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
