### [2005-01-25](/news/2005/01/25/index.md)

#  The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/ALLPOLITICS/01/24/bush.war.funds/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=7416540)

### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
2. [ "The New York Times" reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-new-york-times-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-memo-that-shows-george-w-bush-was-determined-to-go-to-war-at-least-two-months-before-the-2.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
3. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
4. [ George W. Bush calls on his Iraq War allies to stick with the United States. ](/news/2004/03/16/george-w-bush-calls-on-his-iraq-war-allies-to-stick-with-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush appoints an Iraq Intelligence Commission to investigate United States intelligence capabilities, specifically regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq and Iraq's weapons of mass destruction. The commission is headed by Governor, and former Senator, Chuck Robb and Judge Laurence Silberman.](/news/2004/02/6/u-s-president-george-w-bush-appoints-an-iraq-intelligence-commission-to-investigate-united-states-intelligence-capabilities-specifically.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
7. [ In publicity for a new book for which former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill is the primary source, "60 Minutes" reveals O'Neill's claims that the Bush administration was making plans for an invasion of Iraq within days of Bush's inauguration. Bush officials note that regime change in Iraq had been official U.S. policy since 1998, three years before Bush took office. O'Neill, fired for his opposition to tax cuts, also characterized Bush as so disengaged in cabinet meetings that he "was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people". On the positive side, O'Neill also described Bush as such a good listener that he (O'Neill) was able to give a non-stop monologue for nearly an hour in a one-on-one meeting.](/news/2004/01/10/in-publicity-for-a-new-book-for-which-former-u-s-treasury-secretary-paul-o-neill-is-the-primary-source-60-minutes-reveals-o-neill-s-cla.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
8. [ General Wesley Clark suggests that members of the Bush administration may be liable to criminal charges in connection with the Iraq war. Clark alleges that the plans for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and other interventions in the Middle East (possibly including Lebanon and Syria), pre-dated the inauguration of the President and that the reasons for the war were misleadingly presented to the US people.](/news/2003/10/3/general-wesley-clark-suggests-that-members-of-the-bush-administration-may-be-liable-to-criminal-charges-in-connection-with-the-iraq-war-cl.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
9. [ Media: A Program on International Policy Attitudes (PIPA) study conducted with California-based Knowledge Networks, titled "Misperceptions, the Media, and the Iraq War," is released. According to this study, misperceptions about the 2003 invasion of Iraq are most common among consumers of Fox News Channel and supporters of President George W. Bush and least common among consumers of PBS and NPR and supporters of Democratic presidential candidates. The study also found that frequent viewers of Fox News are more likely to believe in the misconceptions than less frequent ones. One example misconception is the belief that weapons of mass destruction have already been found in Iraq.](/news/2003/10/2/media-a-program-on-international-policy-attitudes-pipa-study-conducted-with-california-based-knowledge-networks-titled-misperceptions.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
10. [ US Congress passes a $350 billion tax cut plan. The plan is less than half the size of President Bush's original proposal. Vice President Dick Cheney casts the deciding vote, breaking the 50-50 tie in the Senate ](/news/2003/05/23/us-congress-passes-a-350-billion-tax-cut-plan-the-plan-is-less-than-half-the-size-of-president-bush-s-original-proposal-vice-president-d.md) _Context: Congressman, George W. Bush_
