
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/04/2/a-report-on-anti-semitism-by-the-european-union-s-european-monitoring-centre-on-racism-and-xenophobia-eumc-concludes-attacks-against-jews.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/04/2/a-report-on-anti-semitism-by-the-european-union-s-european-monitoring-centre-on-racism-and-xenophobia-eumc-concludes-attacks-against-jews.json)  [XML](/news/2004/04/2/a-report-on-anti-semitism-by-the-european-union-s-european-monitoring-centre-on-racism-and-xenophobia-eumc-concludes-attacks-against-jews.xml)  

### [2004-04-2](/news/2004/04/2/index.md)

##### Anti-Semitism
#  A report on anti-Semitism by the European Union's European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia (EUMC) concludes attacks against Jews in Europe are rising, primarily ascribed to youths from neighborhoods sensitive to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, principally of North African descent.date=April 2011




### Related:

1. [ European Commission President Romano Prodi vows stronger action to combat anti-Semitism in Europe. Prodi states that some criticism of Israel was inspired by "what amounts to anti-Semitic sentiments and prejudice." Youths from the large Arab immigrant communities in France, Belgium and other European countries are blamed for the rise in attacks against Jews in Europe. The European Union's ](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.md) _Context: European Union, anti-Semitism_
2. [ The October Taylor Nelson Sofres - EOS Gallup EU poll reportedly shows that 59% of Europeans think that Israel is a threat to world peace (greater threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran, or Afghanistan). Also according to the poll, Europeans believe the United States surpasses the "axis of evil" (i.e., Iran, Iraq, and North Korea) and Afghanistan for countries that contribute most to world instability. Around 7,500 people from 15 different European countries were surveyed. Some of the results not yet published are still reportedly ""unstable"". Representatives will be meeting the EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana to discuss the results of the poll and issues around combating anti-Semitism in Europe.](/news/2003/11/1/the-october-taylor-nelson-sofres-eos-gallup-eu-poll-reportedly-shows-that-59-of-europeans-think-that-israel-is-a-threat-to-world-peace.md) _Context: European Union, anti-Semitism_
3. [In a message on Twitter, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. will apply a tax on cars made in the European Union if the E.U. "further" increases tariffs. ](/news/2018/03/3/in-a-message-on-twitter-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-will-apply-a-tax-on-cars-made-in-the-european-union-if-the-e-u-further.md) _Context: European Union_
4. [European Union lawmakers strike a deal on opening up the 3.6 and 26 GHz bandwidths by 2020 to make room for the new 5G network. ](/news/2018/03/2/european-union-lawmakers-strike-a-deal-on-opening-up-the-3-6-and-26-ghz-bandwidths-by-2020-to-make-room-for-the-new-5g-network.md) _Context: European Union_
5. [A senior European External Action Service official says that the European Union, in order to protect its companies doing business with Iran, could implement "blocking regulations" based on a legal framework set up in 1996 for E.U. trade with Cuba, should the United States pull out of the 2015 nuclear deal and restore its sanctions. ](/news/2018/02/8/a-senior-european-external-action-service-official-says-that-the-european-union-in-order-to-protect-its-companies-doing-business-with-iran.md) _Context: European Union_
