### [2004-04-2](/news/2004/04/2/index.md)

#  Federal commissioners investigating the September 11, 2001 attacks look into the 6,000 documents from former President Bill Clinton's presidential archive. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/04/01/clinton.commission.ap/)

### Related:

1. [ September 11, 2001 attacks: A previously unreleased portion of the 9/11 Commission's report details that the Federal Aviation Administration received 52 intelligence reports on potential terrorist attacks by al-Qaeda before September 11, 2001. ](/news/2005/02/10/september-11-2001-attacks-a-previously-unreleased-portion-of-the-9-11-commission-s-report-details-that-the-federal-aviation-administratio.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [ John Ashcroft tells the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States that he blames former president Bill Clinton for intelligence failures and Jamie S. Gorelick for organizational failures leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2004/04/14/john-ashcroft-tells-the-national-commission-on-terrorist-attacks-upon-the-united-states-that-he-blames-former-president-bill-clinton-for-in.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, September 11, 2001 attacks_
3. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: United States federal government_
4. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
5. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: United States federal government_
6. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States federal government_
7. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: United States federal government_
8. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: United States federal government_
9. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: United States federal government_
10. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: United States federal government_
