### [2016-08-15](/news/2016/08/15/index.md)

# An Olympics aerial camera and its cables fall sixty-five feet, injuring seven people. 

Olympic Broadcasting Services says &quot;full investigation&quot; underway


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/olympics/rio-2016/2016/08/15/camera-fall-olympic-park-rio/88765972/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [Eight members of the Cuba men's national volleyball team, which is supposed to participate in the 2016 Summer Olympics, are arrested for aggravated group rape in Tampere, Finland, with two later being released. ](/news/2016/07/4/eight-members-of-the-cuba-men-s-national-volleyball-team-which-is-supposed-to-participate-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-are-arrested-for-agg.md) _Context: Olympics_
2. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-fo.md) _Context: Olympics_
3. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: Olympics_
4. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Olympics_
5. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Olympics_
6. [President Dilma Rousseff loses another key member of the country's 2016 Summer Olympics organization. Colonel Adilson Moreira of the National Public Security Force, who was in charge of organizing security, in an email to his colleagues reportedly criticizes the President and other senior officials, saying he is ashamed of the country's being led by an "unscrupulous group." Brazilian officials, who earlier received Sports Minister George Hilton's resignation, say the planning for the Olympic Games will not be affected. ](/news/2016/04/1/president-dilma-rousseff-loses-another-key-member-of-the-country-s-2016-summer-olympics-organization-colonel-adilson-moreira-of-the-nationa.md) _Context: Olympics_
7. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider-n.md) _Context: Olympics_
8. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: Olympics_
9. [Law enforcement in Brazil occupy Rocinha, Rio de Janeiro's biggest "favela" or slum, in a bid to clean the city ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2011/11/13/law-enforcement-in-brazil-occupy-rocinha-rio-de-janeiro-s-biggest-favela-or-slum-in-a-bid-to-clean-the-city-ahead-of-the-2014-fifa-world.md) _Context: Olympics_
10. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Olympics_
