### [2016-08-15](/news/2016/08/15/index.md)

# New York authorities charge a man with second-degree murder in the deaths of a New York Muslim imam and his assistant. 

A New York City man appeared in court on Tuesday and denied charges he shot and killed a Muslim cleric and his assistant on a street in the borough of Queens over the weekend.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-new-york-shooting-idUSKCN10O0X4)

### Related:

1. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: New York_
2. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York_
3. [A crane collapses across the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York. No vehicles are hit, but several contractors suffer minor injuries. ](/news/2016/07/19/a-crane-collapses-across-the-tappan-zee-bridge-in-new-york-no-vehicles-are-hit-but-several-contractors-suffer-minor-injuries.md) _Context: New York_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: New York_
5. [A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the-agreement-will-enter-into-force-once-55-countr.md) _Context: New York_
6. [Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-as-mere-accidents-romson.md) _Context: New York_
7. [In New York, an appeals court upheld a lower court's decision to dismiss a lawsuit trying to keep Ted Cruz off the ballot in the U.S. Presidential contest on the ground of his Canadian birth. ](/news/2016/03/24/in-new-york-an-appeals-court-upheld-a-lower-court-s-decision-to-dismiss-a-lawsuit-trying-to-keep-ted-cruz-off-the-ballot-in-the-u-s-presid.md) _Context: New York_
8. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: New York_
9. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: New York_
10. [Daily fantasy sports companies DraftKings and FanDuel, who are fighting New York's cease-and-desist order that their industry is gambling in the U.S. state, apparently are OK with that label in the United Kingdom. DraftKings obtained a British gambling license in August and FanDuel applied for one earlier this month. ](/news/2015/11/15/daily-fantasy-sports-companies-draftkings-and-fanduel-who-are-fighting-new-york-s-cease-and-desist-order-that-their-industry-is-gambling-in.md) _Context: New York_
