### [2016-08-15](/news/2016/08/15/index.md)

# The Obama administration transfers 15 Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United Arab Emirates. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-37090851)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration orders the transfer of six prisoners from Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Uruguay, the largest single group of detainees to be released in five years and the first to be resettled in South America. ](/news/2014/12/7/the-obama-administration-orders-the-transfer-of-six-prisoners-from-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-uruguay-the-largest-single-group-of-det.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, Obama Administration_
2. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire: A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
3. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
4. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Human trafficking in Belgium: A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/human-trafficking-in-belgium-a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sen.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [Guantanamo military commission: A Guantanamo military commission charges detainee Riduan Isamuddin for his roles in the 2002 Bali bombings and the 2003 Marriott Hotel bombing. The Pentagon is yet to decide whether to threaten capital punishment. ](/news/2017/06/23/guantanamo-military-commission-a-guantanamo-military-commission-charges-detainee-riduan-isamuddin-for-his-roles-in-the-2002-bali-bombings-a.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp_
10. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline-s Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump-s travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
