### [2007-07-1](/news/2007/07/1/index.md)

#  An evacuation is made of the American Airlines terminal of JFK airport because of a suspicious package. The package was found at 10:20 AM local time, and bomb squad was sent to the scene. The package turned out to be carrying cologne, so the terminal was cleared and operations returned to normal within an hour. [http://www.newsday.com/news/local/wire/newyork/ny-bc-ny--suspiciouspackage0701jul01,0,352029.story?coll=ny-region-apnewyork (Newsday)] [http://www.mercurynews.com/natbreakingnews/ci_6276485?nclick_check=1 (San Jose Mercury News)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
2. [ Alaska Airlines. The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/alaska-airlines-the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion.md) _Context: American Airlines_
3. [American Airlines Flight 383 (2016). An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/american-airlines-flight-383-2016-an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international.md) _Context: American Airlines_
4. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: American Airlines_
5. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey, a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: New York_
6. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoritie.md) _Context: New York_
7. [Airport workers at seven of the busiest U.S. hubs plan to strike tonight and Thursday over wages and what they allege are threats against unionizing. The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) says some 2,000 plane cleaners, baggage handlers, and other workers will strike at New York City's Kennedy and LaGuardia airports, as well as Newark Liberty, Chicago O'Hare, Boston, Philadelphia, and Fort Lauderdale. ](/news/2015/11/18/airport-workers-at-seven-of-the-busiest-u-s-hubs-plan-to-strike-tonight-and-thursday-over-wages-and-what-they-allege-are-threats-against-un.md) _Context: New York_
8. [US Airways final flight, Flight 1939 - named for the airline's founding year, landed at Philadelphia International Airport at 5:54 a.m. Saturday. Future flights will fly under the American Airlines banner, completing the merger announced in 2013. ](/news/2015/10/17/us-airways-final-flight-flight-1939-named-for-the-airline-s-founding-year-landed-at-philadelphia-international-airport-at-5-54-a-m-sa.md) _Context: American Airlines_
9. [American Airlines halts flights for 90 minutes at its major hubs in Chicago, Dallas, and Miami because of a computer glitch. The incident produces a cascading effect of delays throughout all US airlines. ](/news/2015/09/17/american-airlines-halts-flights-for-90-minutes-at-its-major-hubs-in-chicago-dallas-and-miami-because-of-a-computer-glitch-the-incident-pr.md) _Context: American Airlines_
10. [United States Supreme Court associate justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg turns down a stay to block the December 9 American Airlines/US Airways merger. ](/news/2013/12/7/united-states-supreme-court-associate-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-turns-down-a-stay-to-block-the-december-9-american-airlines-us-airways-mer.md) _Context: American Airlines_
