### [2004-12-13](/news/2004/12/13/index.md)

#  France's highest administrative court, the "Conseil d'tat", bans Hizbullah's "al-Manar" TV station on the grounds that it incites racial hatred and antisemitism. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4093579.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: antisemitism_
2. [Vice President of Iran Mohammad-Reza Rahimi delivers an anti-Semitic speech at a United Nations conference on the illegal drug trade saying that a central Jewish text, the Talmud, was responsible for the spread of illegal drugs around the world; his speech draws condemnation from U.N. and the European Union diplomats. ](/news/2012/06/28/vice-president-of-iran-mohammad-reza-rahimi-delivers-an-anti-semitic-speech-at-a-united-nations-conference-on-the-illegal-drug-trade-saying.md) _Context: antisemitism_
3. [The German film agency FSK (Voluntary Self-Regulation of the Movie Industry) permits the showing of the reportedly anti-Israel and anti-Semitic Turkish film, "Valley of the Wolves: Palestine", with an over 18 age restriction, saying it contains "propaganda tendencies" and "repetitive violence." The film, based on events surrounding last May's Gaza flotilla raid, has opened in cinemas in Turkey and Austria. ](/news/2011/01/28/the-german-film-agency-fsk-voluntary-self-regulation-of-the-movie-industry-permits-the-showing-of-the-reportedly-anti-israel-and-anti-semi.md) _Context: antisemitism_
4. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Israel) announces that it will boycott Durban III (World Conference against Racism), the 2011 United Nations summit commemorating the tenth anniversary of the World Conference against Racism 2001, due to the conference's "anti-Semitic undertones and displays of hatred for Israel and the Jewish world," a day after the UN General Assembly approved a resolution, by a vote of 104 to 22, with 33 abstentions, to hold the summit in September 2011; Canada has already announced that it will also not attend, calling it a "charade". ](/news/2010/12/26/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-israel-announces-that-it-will-boycott-durban-iii-world-conference-against-racism-the-2011-united-nation.md) _Context: antisemitism_
5. [ The United States Supreme Court hands down a divided decision against two school districts in Seattle, Washington and Louisville, Kentucky, saying the districts' plans to admit students to schools based partially on their race violates constitutional guarantees of equal protection. ](/news/2007/06/28/the-united-states-supreme-court-hands-down-a-divided-decision-against-two-school-districts-in-seattle-washington-and-louisville-kentucky.md) _Context: race_
6. [ French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin seeks to ban Hizbullah's TV channel al-Manar from broadcasting in France due to purported anti-Semitic content, most recently involving a commentator speaking of "Zionist attempts to transmit AIDS to Arab countries". al-Manar claims to be anti-Israeli rather than anti-Semitic. ](/news/2004/12/5/french-prime-minister-jean-pierre-raffarin-seeks-to-ban-hizbullah-s-tv-channel-al-manar-from-broadcasting-in-france-due-to-purported-anti-s.md) _Context: Hizbullah_
7. [ Former Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi of Israel and Holocaust survivor Yisrael Meir Lau says that "Jewish history in Europe is nearing its end" and called the Jewish Agency to prepare for the absorption of Europe's Jews in Israel. Lau conveyed concern over rise in antisemitism and fading of the Holocaust remembrance in Europe.[http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/509837.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2004/12/3/former-ashkenazi-chief-rabbi-of-israel-and-holocaust-survivor-yisrael-meir-lau-says-that-jewish-history-in-europe-is-nearing-its-end-and.md) _Context: antisemitism_
8. [ The United States declares Hizbullah's "al-Manar" TV channel to be a terrorist organization. ](/news/2004/12/17/the-united-states-declares-hizbullah-s-al-manar-tv-channel-to-be-a-terrorist-organization.md) _Context: Hizbullah_
9. [ The controversial film, "The Passion of the Christ" opens in theaters in the United States. Jewish leaders fear the film will stoke antisemitism, while some Christians laud the realistic depiction of the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus. ](/news/2004/02/25/the-controversial-film-the-passion-of-the-christ-opens-in-theaters-in-the-united-states-jewish-leaders-fear-the-film-will-stoke-antisem.md) _Context: antisemitism_
