### [2004-12-13](/news/2004/12/13/index.md)

#  United States Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Michael O. Leavitt is nominated by President George W. Bush to succeed outgoing Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson in the Cabinet-level post. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000087&sid=ae18qB98c_jc&refer=top_world_news)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush nominates former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik to replace outgoing Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge in the Cabinet position. Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson also announces his resignation. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6991680 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2004/12/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-former-new-york-city-police-commissioner-bernard-kerik-to-replace-outgoing-secretary-of-homeland-se.md) _Context: Cabinet, George W. Bush, Health and Human Services Secretary, Tommy Thompson, U.S. President_
2. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson announces his candidacy for President. ](/news/2007/04/1/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-tommy-thompson-announces-his-candida.md) _Context: Health and Human Services Secretary, Tommy Thompson, U.S. President_
3. [U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns to become the next Secretary of Agriculture. If confirmed by the Senate, Johanns would fill the Cabinet position currently held by resigning Secretary Ann Veneman. ](/news/2004/12/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-nebraska-governor-mike-johanns-to-become-the-next-secretary-of-agriculture-if-confirmed-by-the-sena.md) _Context: Cabinet, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
4. [ George W. Bush nominates former NGA chairman and current governor of Utah, Michael O. Leavitt for administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.](/news/2003/08/12/george-w-bush-nominates-former-nga-chairman-and-current-governor-of-utah-michael-o-leavitt-for-administrator-of-the-environmental-protec.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Michael O. Leavitt, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
5. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
6. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Health and Human Services Secretary_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama nominates Sylvia Mathews Burwell to be the next United States Secretary of Health and Human Services to replace the resigning Kathleen Sebelius. ](/news/2014/04/11/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-nominates-sylvia-mathews-burwell-to-be-the-next-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Health and Human Services Secretary, U.S. President_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
9. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
10. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
