### [2008-01-10](/news/2008/01/10/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush says Israel must return to its pre-1967 borders to enable the establishment of a Palestinian state. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7181658.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush states that a Palestinian state can be "defined" by the end of his Presidency including the issue of borders and right to resettlement. ](/news/2008/05/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-states-that-a-palestinian-state-can-be-defined-by-the-end-of-his-presidency-including-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Palestinian state, United States President_
2. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, United States President_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush has promised the President of the Palestinian Authority, Abu Mazen, $50 million in aid and reiterated that Israel was to stop all settlement activity on the West Bank. ](/news/2005/05/26/u-s-president-george-w-bush-has-promised-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-abu-mazen-50-million-in-aid-and-reiterated-that-is.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, United States President_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his "''courageous initiative''" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Israel, United States President_
5. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, United States President_
6. [Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-new-settlement-homes-i.md) _Context: Israel, United States President_
7. [ ''Zivotofsky v. Clinton'' / ''Zivotofsky v. Kerry''The Supreme Court of the United States decides 6-3 to strike down a law passed by the United States Congress allowing people born in Jerusalem to list Israel as their birthplace in their passports, on the grounds that it is the President's prerogative to extend recognition of sovereignty in matters of foreign affairs.](/news/2015/06/8/zivotofsky-v-clinton-zivotofsky-v-kerry-pthe-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-decides-6a3-to-strike-down-a-law-passed-by-the.md) _Context: Israel, United States President_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Israel, United States President_
10. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
