### [2016-03-17](/news/2016/03/17/index.md)

# Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/war-crimes-court-hague-excuses-serbian-seselj-attending-verdict/27618176.html)

### Related:

1. [Yugoslav Wars. Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Vojislav Seselj_
2. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
3. [Serbia arrests Goran Hadzic, a Croatian Serb wartime leader, indicted for alleged crimes against humanity during the Croatian War of Independence. ](/news/2011/07/20/serbia-arrests-goran-hada3-4ia-a-croatian-serb-wartime-leader-indicted-for-alleged-crimes-against-humanity-during-the-croatian-war-of-indep.md) _Context: Serbia, crimes against humanity_
4. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia acquits former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic of committing war crimes. ](/news/2009/02/26/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-acquits-former-serbian-president-milan-milutinovia-of-committing-war-crimes.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
5. [ Fugitive Radovan Karadzic, indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested in Serbia. ](/news/2008/07/21/fugitive-radovan-karada3-4ia-indicted-for-war-crimes-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-is-arrested-in-serbi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
6. [ The trial of Jovica Stanisic and Franko Simatovic, two former Serbian State Security Service officers and allies of Slobodan Milosevic, starts at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague. ](/news/2008/03/17/the-trial-of-jovica-stania-ia-and-franko-simatovia-two-former-serbian-state-security-service-officers-and-allies-of-slobodan-miloa-evia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
7. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, crimes against humanity_
8. [ The Serbian special war crimes tribunal asks the government to ask Argentina for extradition of Nebojsa Minic, suspected of crimes against humanity in Kosovo in 1999 ](/news/2005/06/15/the-serbian-special-war-crimes-tribunal-asks-the-government-to-ask-argentina-for-extradition-of-neboja-a-minia-suspected-of-crimes-agains.md) _Context: Serbia, crimes against humanity_
9. [ Serbian Justice Minister Zoran Stojkovic rejects the U.N. ICTY war crimes tribunal's demands that Serbia arrest four generals accused of committing atrocities in Kosovo. ](/news/2005/01/5/serbian-justice-minister-zoran-stojkovia-rejects-the-u-n-icty-war-crimes-tribunal-s-demands-that-serbia-arrest-four-generals-accused-of-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
10. [Former Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic pled guilty to one count of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague for her part in atrocities against Bosnian Muslims and Croats during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2002/12/16/former-bosnian-serb-president-biljana-plava-ia-pled-guilty-to-one-count-of-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-f.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, crimes against humanity_
