### [2016-03-17](/news/2016/03/17/index.md)

# Kurdish parties in northern Syria declare the establishment of a federal system in areas they control. Turkey and the United States had warned this risks further destabilizing the already war-ravaged country. The move was criticized by the government of Syria. 

Kurdish parties declare a new federal system in areas they control in northern Syria, ignoring criticism from the Syrian and Turkish governments.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35830375)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/syrian-kurds-declare-their-own-region-raising-tensions/2016/03/17/db762950-ec4c-11e5-a9ce-681055c7a05f_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/F925/production/_88818736_88818635.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey, United States_
2. [U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-including-kurdish-groups-such-as-ypg-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
3. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey, United States_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
6. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syria, Turkey_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, United States_
9. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
