### [2016-03-17](/news/2016/03/17/index.md)

# Papua conflict. Three construction workers are shot dead in Jayapura, Papua, by a supposed armed group, according to Indonesian police. 

Police in Indonesia&#39;s Papua region say at least three construction workers were shot dead by an armed group in Puncak Jaya district on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/299231/west-papua-shooting-claims-at-least-3-road-builders)

### Related:

1. [Papua conflict. Thousands of people take to the streets of Jayapura and other towns in Papua, Indonesia, in support of the Free Papua Movement and its effort to join the Melanesian Spearhead Group. Indonesia responded with a large police and military presence, with reports of police firing on demonstrators in Wamena and arresting dozens across the province. ](/news/2016/05/31/papua-conflict-thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-jayapura-and-other-towns-in-papua-indonesia-in-support-of-the-free-papua-moveme.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesian police, Jayapura, Papua, Papua conflict_
2. [Papua conflict. Police in the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua arrest scores of protesters as planned demonstrations to mark the anniversary of the incorporation of the region with Indonesia were to take place today. ](/news/2016/05/2/papua-conflict-police-in-the-indonesian-provinces-of-papua-and-west-papua-arrest-scores-of-protesters-as-planned-demonstrations-to-mark-the.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesian police, Papua, Papua conflict_
3. [Papua conflict. According to reports, the Indonesian police arrest close to 1,700 people in Papua and West Papua who were involved in attempted protests yesterday. ](/news/2016/05/3/papua-conflict-according-to-reports-the-indonesian-police-arrest-close-to-1-700-people-in-papua-and-west-papua-who-were-involved-in-attemp.md) _Context: Indonesian police, Papua, Papua conflict_
4. [Papua conflict. Massive demonstrations in support of the Free Papua Movement take place in various cities in the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua. The demonstrations voice support for the Liberation Movement to become a full member of the Melanesian Spearhead Group. ](/news/2016/04/13/papua-conflict-massive-demonstrations-in-support-of-the-free-papua-movement-take-place-in-various-cities-in-the-indonesian-provinces-of-pap.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua, Papua conflict_
5. [Around 10,000 Papuan people demonstrate in support of independence from Indonesia in the Papuan capital of Jayapura. ](/news/2011/08/2/around-10-000-papuan-people-demonstrate-in-support-of-independence-from-indonesia-in-the-papuan-capital-of-jayapura.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jayapura, Papua_
6. [At least 50,000 West Papuans march on the Papua provincial parliament in Jayapura calling for the rejection of special autonomy status offered by Indonesia in favor of independence; 20,000 camp outside the parliament overnight. ](/news/2010/07/9/at-least-50-000-west-papuans-march-on-the-papua-provincial-parliament-in-jayapura-calling-for-the-rejection-of-special-autonomy-status-offer.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jayapura, Papua_
7. [2016 Indonesian Air Force Lockheed C-130 Hercules crash. An Indonesian military Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport plane crashes in Papua province killing all 13 people on board. ](/news/2016/12/18/2016-indonesian-air-force-lockheed-c-130-hercules-crash-an-indonesian-military-lockheed-c-130-hercules-transport-plane-crashes-in-papua-pro.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua_
8. [A Cessna 208 Caravan plane crashes in the small town of Yahukimo in Papua, Indonesia, injuring at least seven people. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-cessna-208-caravan-plane-crashes-in-the-small-town-of-yahukimo-in-papua-indonesia-injuring-at-least-seven-people.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua_
9. [Papua conflict. A meeting is held in London on the issue of West Papuan independence. Independence leader Benny Wenda joined various humanitarians, parliamentarians and lawyers in urging the United Nations to secure a vote on the future status of the region, which is occupied by Indonesia. ](/news/2016/05/3/papua-conflict-a-meeting-is-held-in-london-on-the-issue-of-west-papuan-independence-independence-leader-benny-wenda-joined-various-humanit.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua conflict_
10. [Trigana Air Service Flight 257. Indonesian crews locate the bodies of all 54 people aboard the wreckage of Trigana Air Service Flight 257 in a remote area of Papua. ](/news/2015/08/18/trigana-air-service-flight-257-indonesian-crews-locate-the-bodies-of-all-54-people-aboard-the-wreckage-of-trigana-air-service-flight-257-in.md) _Context: Indonesia, Papua_
