### [2016-03-17](/news/2016/03/17/index.md)

# The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. 

US Secretary of State John Kerry says the Islamic State group has committed genocide against Yazidis, Christians and Shia Muslims.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-35831711)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/world/middleeast/hassan-aboud-an-isis-commander-dies-from-battlefield-wounds.html?_r=0)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/300E/production/_88820321_88820320.jpg)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Russian Air Force destroys around 500 fuel tanker vehicles used by ISIS and other extremist groups for transporting illegal oil from Syria to Iraq. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-russian-air-force-destroys-around-500-fuel-tanker-vehicles-used-by-isis-and-other-extremist-groups-for-transporting-illegal-oil-from-syr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [After more than 18 months of requests, Turkey comes under heavy international pressure to secure its borders to the influx of foreign fighters, oil, and weapons crossing into Syria to fight for ISIS. ISIS fighters have been moving towards the Turkey-Syria border using armored cars looted from Iraqi military bases. ](/news/2014/08/24/after-more-than-18-months-of-requests-turkey-comes-under-heavy-international-pressure-to-secure-its-borders-to-the-influx-of-foreign-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States Secretary of State_
8. [US Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Iraq on an unannounced visit to press for greater co-operation over the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/03/24/us-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-iraq-on-an-unannounced-visit-to-press-for-greater-co-operation-over-the-conflict-in-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, John Kerry, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
