### [2016-03-17](/news/2016/03/17/index.md)

# The hacker group Anonymous follows through on its threat and releases candidate Donald Trump's personal information (unverified) including his  Social Security number, his phone numbers, his agent and his legal representatives. 

The hacker group Anonymous made headlines the other day by saying it was declaring &quot;total war&quot; on GOP front-runner Donald Trump. On Thursday, it started to make good on its promise ... sort of.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/03/17/total-war-anonymous-posts-trumps-social-security-number-phone-number/81933246/)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/rabbis-call-for-boycott-of-trumps-speech-to-pro-israel-group/2016/03/17/8e2f2ea6-ea14-11e5-a6f3-21ccdbc5f74e_story.html?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)
3. [AOL](http://www.aol.com/article/2016/03/17/trumps-social-security-phone-numbers-released-by-anonymous-h/21329514/)
4. [Daily Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/tech/anonymous-declares-total-war-donald-7558647)

### Related:

1. [The Republican National Committeeman for North Dakota, Curly Haugland, says that the likelihood for outsiders such as Donald Trump to get state electoral votes are slim as the party honor its own elders. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-republican-national-committeeman-for-north-dakota-curly-haugland-says-that-the-likelihood-for-outsiders-such-as-donald-trump-to-get-st.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
2. [Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-honor-his-pledge-to-support-the-eventual-republican-party-pick-for-president-because-i-have.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
3. [Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with   former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard.  ](/news/2016/03/19/two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-road-to-the-phoenix-suburb-of-fountain-hills-arizo.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
4. [The prime ministers of Britain and France joined condemnation around the globe  of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's call for a "total and complete ban" on Muslims entering the United States. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-prime-ministers-of-britain-and-france-joined-condemnation-around-the-globe-of-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trumpas-c.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
5. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign-for-her-in-the-district.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Tens of thousands of people march in dozens of U.S. cities and at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, to demand that Trump release his tax returns and to show the public cares about the issue. There were clashes between Trump supporters and protesters at some locations, with 11 people injured and 21 arrested at a riot in Berkeley, California. ](/news/2017/04/15/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-dozens-of-u-s-cities-and-at-president-donald-trump-s-mar-a-lago-resort-in-palm-beach-florida-to-dema.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
