### [2016-03-17](/news/2016/03/17/index.md)

#  Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the "Los Angeles Times" and "The San Diego Union-Tribune", wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, "Orange County Register", published in Santa Ana, and "The Press-Enterprise", headquartered in Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. 

The owner of the Los Angeles Times was selected as the top bidder for the Orange County Register and Riverside Press-Enterprise during the papers&apos; bankruptcy auction, but the U.S. Department of Justice immediately filed a lawsuit to block the deal Thursday on antitrust grounds.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/business/articles/2016-03-17/tribune-publishing-places-top-bid-for-orange-county-register)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-freedom-tribune-auction-20160317-story.html)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, Gannett Company, Inc., announces that two weeks ago it made an unsolicited, $815 million takeover bid for the Tribune Publishing Company, whose holdings include a number of major newspapers, such as the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Los Angeles Times". Gannett, the publisher of the national American daily "USA Today" as well as 107 daily newspapers, made the offer public since Tribune had not yet responded. Last month, Tribune Publishing's winning bid for the "Orange County Register" was blocked by the U.S. Justice Department because of an antitrust challenge. ](/news/2016/04/25/in-the-united-states-gannett-company-inc-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-it-made-an-unsolicited-815-million-takeover-bid-for-the-tribune.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times, Orange County Register, U.S. Department of Justice, antitrust challenge_
2. [ Google Inc. announced that it has received notice from the United States Department of Justice that antitrust investigators are studying its settlement with publishers designed to put millions of books online consistent with the property rights of authors. ](/news/2009/06/10/google-inc-announced-that-it-has-received-notice-from-the-united-states-department-of-justice-that-antitrust-investigators-are-studying-it.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, antitrust challenge_
3. [Health care in the United States: The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
5. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
6. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [A small plane crashes in a residential area of Riverside, California, killing at least three people, all of whom were passengers on the plane. No one on the ground was injured. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-small-plane-crashes-in-a-residential-area-of-riverside-california-killing-at-least-three-people-all-of-whom-were-passengers-on-the-plan.md) _Context: Riverside, California_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
9. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Southern California_
10. [Legal challenges to U.S. immigration suspension order: The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/legal-challenges-to-u-s-immigration-suspension-order-the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
