### [2012-01-1](/news/2012/01/1/index.md)

# A joint New Year editorial by North Korean media calls for "human shields" to protect new Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un. 

North Korea called on its people to rally behind new leader Kim Jong-un and protect him as &#034;human shields&#034; while working to solve the &#034;burning issue&#034; of food shortages by upholding the policies of his late father, Kim Jong-il.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/8986939/North-Korea-tells-its-people-to-protect-Kim-Jong-un-as-human-shields-in-New-Year-message.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea acknowledges that Kim Jong-un is suffering from "discomfort", after a three-week absence from state media photographs. ](/news/2014/09/26/north-korea-acknowledges-that-kim-jong-un-is-suffering-from-discomfort-after-a-three-week-absence-from-state-media-photographs.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Media of North Korea, North Korea_
2. [North Korean media name Kim Jong-un &ndash; the son and successor of late leader Kim Jong-il &ndash; as the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army. ](/news/2011/12/24/north-korean-media-name-kim-jong-un-ndash-the-son-and-successor-of-late-leader-kim-jong-il-ndash-as-the-supreme-commander-of-the-korean.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Media of North Korea, North Korea_
3. [Malaysia-North Korea relations: North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
4. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination: Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
5. [Death of Kim Jong-nam: Malaysian police claim that Kim Jong-nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed by VX nerve agent, a toxin used almost exclusively for chemical warfare. ](/news/2017/02/24/death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysian-police-claim-that-kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-was-killed-by-vx-nerve-age.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-inter.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
7. [Two North Korean officials are reportedly publicly executed by Kim Jong-un after they allegedly disobeyed orders: former agriculture minister Hwang Min for unsuitable policies and Ri Yong Jin, a senior official at the education ministry, for sleeping at a meeting with Kim, disrespect for the leader and corruption. They were allegedly executed by anti-aircraft artillery fire. ](/news/2016/08/30/two-north-korean-officials-are-reportedly-publicly-executed-by-kim-jong-un-after-they-allegedly-disobeyed-orders-former-agriculture-ministe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
8. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
9. [ North Korean leader Kim Jong-un rules out a nuclear first strike unless North Korea's sovereignty is violated. ](/news/2016/05/8/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-rules-out-a-nuclear-first-strike-unless-north-korea-s-sovereignty-is-violated.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-state.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
