### [2012-01-1](/news/2012/01/1/index.md)

# Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. 

The Queen has appointed former prime minister John Howard a member of the Order of Merit.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-national/john-howard-appointed-to-order-of-merit-20120101-1pgxl.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: British people, Elizabeth II_
2. [New Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announces knights and dames will no longer be part of the nation's honors system.  He said Queen Elizabeth signed off on the decision. ](/news/2015/11/2/new-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-announces-knights-and-dames-will-no-longer-be-part-of-the-nationas-honors-system-he-said.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Elizabeth II_
3. [An audience member throws shoes at former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard during an appearance on Q&A on ABC1. ](/news/2010/10/25/an-audience-member-throws-shoes-at-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-during-an-appearance-on-q-a-on-abc1.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
4. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard proposes a constitutional referendum recognising indigenous Australians in the Australian constitution, if he is reelected. ](/news/2007/10/11/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-proposes-a-constitutional-referendum-recognising-indigenous-australians-in-the-australian-const.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
7. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
8. [  The President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard agree to six deals including an agreement whereby the PRC will purchase A$35 billion worth of liquefied natural gas from Woodside Petroleum. ](/news/2007/09/6/the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-and-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-agree-to-six-deals-including-an-agre.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
9. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
10. [ APEC: The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard puts an appeal on YouTube for people not to participate in violent protests this week. ](/news/2007/09/3/apec-p-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-puts-an-appeal-on-youtube-for-people-not-to-participate-in-violent-protests-this-week.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard_
