### [2012-01-1](/news/2012/01/1/index.md)

# The Iranian Navy test-fires a surface-to-air missile. 

Iran&#39;s navy said Sunday it test-fired an advanced surface-to-air missile during a drill in international waters near the strategic Strait of Hormuz, the passageway for one-sixth of the world&#39;s oil supply. 


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/45839276/ns/world_news-mideast_n_africa/)

### Related:

1. [Ukrainian crisis. Russia-Ukraine relations. Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/ukrainian-crisis-russia-ukraine-relations-russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
2. [Iran-Russia relations. Iran holds talks with Russia over buying an upgraded version of the S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system. ](/news/2016/02/22/iran-russia-relations-iran-holds-talks-with-russia-over-buying-an-upgraded-version-of-the-s-300-surface-to-air-missile-defense-system.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. A report by the Taiwanese Defense Ministry states that China has placed surface-to-air missiles on the disputed Woody Island. Taiwanese President-elect Tsai Ing-wen called on all parties to "exercise self-control based on the principle of peaceful resolution of disputes in the South China Sea," while Harry B. Harris Jr., commander of the US Pacific Fleet, said that such a move would be "a militarization of the South China Sea in ways" that China's President Xi Jinping had pledged not to make. ](/news/2016/02/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-a-report-by-the-taiwanese-defense-ministry-states-that-china-has-placed-surface-to-air-missiles.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-ai.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
6. [Taiwan-United States relations. Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/taiwan-united-states-relations-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-wort.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
7. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268. U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _Context: surface-to-air missile_
8. [ The UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says efforts are continuing to secure the release of sailors captured by the Iranian Navy on November 25, while Iran warns it will deal with them seriously if it exposes "malicious intent". ](/news/2009/12/1/the-uk-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-says-efforts-are-continuing-to-secure-the-release-of-sailors-captured-by-the-iranian-navy-on-novembe.md) _Context: Iranian Navy_
9. [ The Iranian Navy attacks and seizes control of a Romanian oil rig in the Persian Gulf. Iran took control of the radio room at 7 AM local time. "The Iranians fired at the rig's crane with machine guns," Tabanescu said. "They are in control now and we can't contact the rig." There were 26 workers onboard. ](/news/2006/08/22/the-iranian-navy-attacks-and-seizes-control-of-a-romanian-oil-rig-in-the-persian-gulf-iran-took-control-of-the-radio-room-at-7-am-local-ti.md) _Context: Iranian Navy_
10. [ Three British prisoners are freed in Iran after pressure from the British Foreign Office. The trio were seized at by Iranian Navy patrol boats on 28 October, when they sailed their boat to the disputed island of Abu Musa, which is claimed by both Iran and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2005/11/11/three-british-prisoners-are-freed-in-iran-after-pressure-from-the-british-foreign-office-the-trio-were-seized-at-by-iranian-navy-patrol-bo.md) _Context: Iranian Navy_
