### [2004-02-12](/news/2004/02/12/index.md)

#  City officials in San Francisco, California, start issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, performing the first known civil marriage of a same-sex couple in the U.S. by marrying a lesbian couple, gay rights activists Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon. Over 80 couples whisked through quick ceremonies. Various conservative and other family groups, including the Campaign for California Families, plan to sue the mayor of San Francisco for violating California's marriage laws. The Family Research Council (FRC) states that ""It could not be clearer that the institution of marriage is under a direct assault by homosexual activists"". Virginia House of Delegates give preliminary approval to legislation that would ban the recognition of same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships.




### Related:

1. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
2. [Voters in San Francisco, California, elect Ed Lee as the city's interim Mayor. Lee is the first Asian-American to become Mayor of San Francisco. ](/news/2011/11/9/voters-in-san-francisco-california-elect-ed-lee-as-the-city-s-interim-mayor-lee-is-the-first-asian-american-to-become-mayor-of-san-franci.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
3. [Voters in the US city of San Francisco, California, will vote on a proposition to ban male circumcision in November. ](/news/2011/05/18/voters-in-the-us-city-of-san-francisco-california-will-vote-on-a-proposition-to-ban-male-circumcision-in-november.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
4. [The death toll rises to 7 from a pipeline explosion in San Bruno, California, near the U.S. city of San Francisco. ](/news/2010/09/12/the-death-toll-rises-to-7-from-a-pipeline-explosion-in-san-bruno-california-near-the-u-s-city-of-san-francisco.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
5. [The death toll rises to 6 from the pipeline explosion in San Bruno, California near the U.S. city of San Francisco. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-death-toll-rises-to-6-from-the-pipeline-explosion-in-san-bruno-california-near-the-u-s-city-of-san-francisco.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
6. [The death toll from the fire in the San Francisco suburb of San Bruno in the U.S. state of California, reaches 4, with 50 other people injured. ](/news/2010/09/10/the-death-toll-from-the-fire-in-the-san-francisco-suburb-of-san-bruno-in-the-u-s-state-of-california-reaches-4-with-50-other-people-injur.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
7. [ United States Senator Jon Corzine wins the New Jersey Democratic Party gubernatorial primary. Doug Forrester, a former mayor, wins the New Jersey Republican Party gubernatorial primary after a heated contest with another former mayor, Bret Schundler. The November 2005 election will be the first since Governor James McGreevey resigned over a scandal in which he was revealed to be homosexual. ](/news/2005/06/7/united-states-senator-jon-corzine-wins-the-new-jersey-democratic-party-gubernatorial-primary-doug-forrester-a-former-mayor-wins-the-new.md) _Context: gay, mayor_
8. [ The British House of Lords passes a bill to allow same-sex couples to obtain civil partnerships. This is the final legislative hurdle for the bill, which is expected to receive Royal Assent later in the week.](/news/2004/11/17/the-british-house-of-lords-passes-a-bill-to-allow-same-sex-couples-to-obtain-civil-partnerships-this-is-the-final-legislative-hurdle-for-t.md) _Context: civil union, gay_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The Wisconsin State Assembly approves state constitution amendment (voted 68-27) to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. The Kansas House passes, by 88 votes to 36, a proposed amendment. ](/news/2004/03/5/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-wisconsin-state-assembly-approves-state-constitution-amendment-voted-68-27-to-ban-same-sex-ma.md) _Context: bans, civil union_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Oregon's attorney general issues his opinion on same-sex marriage within Oregon. He concludes that current state law prohibits issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, but that the Oregon Supreme Court is likely to conclude those statutes violate the state's constitution. The Wisconsin State Senate approves state constitution amendment to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. ](/news/2004/03/12/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-oregon-s-attorney-general-issues-his-opinion-on-same-sex-marriage-within-oregon-he-concludes-that.md) _Context: bans, civil union_
