### [2004-02-12](/news/2004/02/12/index.md)

#  Part of the source code for Microsoft's Windows NT 4 and Windows 2000 products has been leaked to the internet. It is thought that the leak constitutes only a part of the source, and may have originated from Mainsoft. Copies of something purporting to be the Windows source have been reported to be available on various file sharing networks.




### Related:

1. [ Computer security: German authorities arrest an 18-year-old high school student on suspicion that he is responsible for creating the Sasser worm, which has infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide by exploiting a flaw in the Windows 2000 and Windows XP operating systems. According to CNET, a US$5 million reward from Microsoft was instrumental in leading investigators to the suspect. ](/news/2004/05/8/computer-security-german-authorities-arrest-an-18-year-old-high-school-student-on-suspicion-that-he-is-responsible-for-creating-the-sasser.md) _Context: Microsoft, Windows 2000_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Microsoft_
3. [Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its-app-store-rather.md) _Context: Microsoft_
4. [Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality-was-integrated.md) _Context: Microsoft_
5. [Microsoft acknowledges that a Windows 10 update has stopped millions of webcams from working. ](/news/2016/08/22/microsoft-acknowledges-that-a-windows-10-update-has-stopped-millions-of-webcams-from-working.md) _Context: Microsoft_
6. [A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mechanical-engineering-t.md) _Context: code_
7. [Microsoft agrees to buy professional networking site LinkedIn for $26.2 billion (GBP18 billion). ](/news/2016/06/13/microsoft-agrees-to-buy-professional-networking-site-linkedin-for-26-2-billion-agbp18-billion.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Microsoft_
9. [The U.S. company Microsoft has sued the United States, alleging that it has been prevented from disclosing warrants to the company's customers in violation of the company's constitutional rights. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-u-s-company-microsoft-has-sued-the-united-states-alleging-that-it-has-been-prevented-from-disclosing-warrants-to-the-companyas-custo.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [Reuters reports, based on an unnamed "person familiar with the situation," that Microsoft executives are lining up financing for a possible acquisition of troubled dotcom pioneer Yahoo. ](/news/2016/03/26/reuters-reports-based-on-an-unnamed-person-familiar-with-the-situation-that-microsoft-executives-are-lining-up-financing-for-a-possible.md) _Context: Microsoft_
