### [2015-05-22](/news/2015/05/22/index.md)

# A suicide bomber targeting Shiites at a mosque in Qatif, Saudi Arabia, has killed 19 and injured 28, per Red Crescent authorities. 

A suicide bomber has targeted a mosque in eastern Saudi Arabia as worshippers commemorated the 7th century birth of a revered Shiite figure, the Interior Ministry and residents said.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/shiites-die-in-saudi-suicide-blast-31244985.html)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
2. [A bomb targets a mosque in the city of Parachinar near the border with Afghanistan killing at least 22 people and wounding dozens more. ](/news/2017/03/31/a-bomb-targets-a-mosque-in-the-city-of-parachinar-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-22-people-and-wounding-dozens-more.md) _Context: mosque_
3. [  A suspected arsonist is arrested after a fire destroys a mosque in Bellevue, Washington. ](/news/2017/01/14/a-suspected-arsonist-is-arrested-after-a-fire-destroys-a-mosque-in-bellevue-washington.md) _Context: mosque_
4. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: mosque_
5. [At least 32 people are killed and another 80 injured in a suicide bombing at a Kabul Shia mosque. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/21/at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-another-80-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-kabul-shia-mosque-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: mosque_
6. [A mosque under refurbishment in the Somalian capital Mogadishu collapses during Friday prayers resulting in at least 15 deaths. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-mosque-under-refurbishment-in-the-somalian-capital-mogadishu-collapses-during-friday-prayers-resulting-in-at-least-15-deaths.md) _Context: mosque_
7. [Clashes and air strikes are reported in Yemen despite a fragile truce between the government and Houthis taking effect. However, the truce appears to be largely holding as members from the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement are granted unhindered access to give humanitarian aid and personnel across the country. ](/news/2016/04/11/clashes-and-air-strikes-are-reported-in-yemen-despite-a-fragile-truce-between-the-government-and-houthis-taking-effect-however-the-truce-a.md) _Context: Red Crescent_
8. [Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least 15 people at a mosque in the northeastern Nigerian city of Damaturu. ](/news/2015/10/7/boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-15-people-at-a-mosque-in-the-northeastern-nigerian-city-of-damaturu.md) _Context: mosque_
9. [At least 10 people are killed and 12 injured when a suicide-bomber attacks a Pakistani Shia Mosque and Imambargah during prayers in the District Bagh of Kachhi 300 Km from Quetta in Balochistan. ](/news/2015/10/22/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-12-injured-when-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-pakistani-shia-mosque-and-imambargah-during-prayers-in-the-dist.md) _Context: mosque_
10. [At least 29 people are killed in a bombing of a mosque in the Yemeni capital Sana'a during prayers for Eid al-Adha. ](/news/2015/09/24/at-least-29-people-are-killed-in-a-bombing-of-a-mosque-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-during-prayers-for-eid-al-adha.md) _Context: mosque_
