### [2015-05-22](/news/2015/05/22/index.md)

# At least 42 members of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel and two Federal Police officers are killed in a shootout in the state of Michoacn. The death toll is preliminary and is expected to rise. 

Government security forces killed 42 suspected drug cartel henchmen and suffered one fatality in a firefight in western Mexico on Friday, an official said, one of the bloodiest shootouts in a decade of gang violence wracking the country.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/23/us-mexico-violence-idUSKBN0O729M20150523?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:Clashes between the Knights Templar Cartel and the Mexican federal police leave 22 dead in the state of Michoacn. According to government press reports, two of the dead were law enforcement officials, while the rest were cartel gunmen. ](/news/2013/07/24/mexican-drug-war-pclashes-between-the-knights-templar-cartel-and-the-mexican-federal-police-leave-22-dead-in-the-state-of-michoacan-accordi.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police, Michoacn_
2. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
3. [Communitary forces take several towns in Mexican state of Michoacn trying to expel the Knights Templar Cartel forces, and prompting the intervention of Mexican Army against them.](/news/2014/01/14/communitary-forces-take-several-towns-in-mexican-state-of-michoacan-trying-to-expel-the-knights-templar-cartel-forces-and-prompting-the-int.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Michoacn_
4. [Mexican Drug War:Mexican authorities confirm that the Jalisco New Generation Cartel is responsible for murdering five journalists in the state of Veracruz. This information was confirmed after the arrest of some of the members in the criminal organization. ](/news/2012/08/15/mexican-drug-war-pmexican-authorities-confirm-that-the-jalisco-new-generation-cartel-is-responsible-for-murdering-five-journalists-in-the-st.md) _Context: Jalisco New Generation Cartel, Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Federal Police arrested one of the three ringleaders responsible for the deadly shootout last month in the Mexico City International Airport's busy food court. An anonymous tip-off led police to his whereabouts. ](/news/2012/07/16/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-federal-police-arrested-one-of-the-three-ringleaders-responsible-for-the-deadly-shootout-last-month-in-the-mex.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
6. [Mexico's federal police capture a man who was allegedly the top hitman for the Knights Templar drug cartel. ](/news/2011/07/13/mexico-s-federal-police-capture-a-man-who-was-allegedly-the-top-hitman-for-the-knights-templar-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
7. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Cardenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacan, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-ca-rdenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [At least four people are killed in a shootout between Mexican Police and unknown gunmen after the latter opened fire on the Quintana Roo state attorneys' office in Cancun. ](/news/2017/01/18/at-least-four-people-are-killed-in-a-shootout-between-mexican-police-and-unknown-gunmen-after-the-latter-opened-fire-on-the-quintana-roo-sta.md) _Context: Mexican Police_
9. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
