### [2015-05-22](/news/2015/05/22/index.md)

# Over 3,000 cases of cholera resulting in at least 31 deaths breaks out in a refugee camp for Burundians fleeing the recent political unrest in their country. 

At least 3,000 cases of cholera have been reported in Tanzania since last week and the outbreak has claimed 31 lives.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/05/burundi-refugees-cholera-epidemic-worsening-150522110614073.html)

### Related:

1. [An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast-of-yemen-killing-at-least-40-of.md) _Context: refugee_
2. [The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in-haiti-at-risk-of-st.md) _Context: cholera_
3. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: refugee_
4. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: refugee_
5. [United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-c.md) _Context: refugee_
6. [Italian refugee documentary ''Fire at Sea'', directed by Gianfranco Rosi, wins the   66th Berlin International Film Festival's Golden Bear award for best film. ](/news/2016/02/20/italian-refugee-documentary-fire-at-sea-directed-by-gianfranco-rosi-wins-the-66th-berlin-international-film-festival-s-golden-bear-a.md) _Context: refugee_
7. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: refugee_
8. [Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper ''Dagens Industri'' that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported  in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-about-45-percent-of-asylum.md) _Context: refugee_
9. [Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-the-country-in-response.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest_
10. [The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civilians-caught-up-in-the.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest_
