### [2015-05-22](/news/2015/05/22/index.md)

# The Myanmar Navy rescues two boats carrying 208 migrants as it faces growing international pressure to tackle the Rohingya migration crisis. 

A senior US diplomat on Friday urged Myanmar to extend &quot;citizenship&quot; to the oppressed Rohingya minority to address an ongoing migrant crisis that has hit Southeast Asia, leaving thousands stranded at sea. More than 3,500 migrants have swum to shore or been rescued off the coasts of Malaysia


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://news.yahoo.com/myanmar-navy-carries-first-rescue-migrant-boat-official-062948341.html;_ylt=AwrXnCBn2V5VwAkAXSzQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByb2lvbXVuBGNvbG8DZ3ExBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes. Myanmar officials report eight policemen and one immigration officer, and 16 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-myanmar-officials-report-eight-policemen-and-one-immigrati.md) _Context: Rohingya_
2. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-th.md) _Context: Rohingya_
3. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Rohingya_
4. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Rohingya_
5. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-roh.md) _Context: Rohingya_
6. [Rohingya protests. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Rohingya_
7. [Rohingya conflict. A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/rohingya-conflict-a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: Rohingya_
8. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Rohingya_
9. [2015 Rohingya refugee crisis. A Thai national is arrested in Myanmar in relation to human trafficking offences after the Myanmar Navy rescues more than 200 people from a boat that he allegedly owns. ](/news/2015/05/30/2015-rohingya-refugee-crisis-a-thai-national-is-arrested-in-myanmar-in-relation-to-human-trafficking-offences-after-the-myanmar-navy-rescue.md) _Context: Myanmar Navy_
10. [Authorities in Malaysia find mass graves in more than a dozen camps near the border with Thailand where Rohingya migrants are held. ](/news/2015/05/24/authorities-in-malaysia-find-mass-graves-in-more-than-a-dozen-camps-near-the-border-with-thailand-where-rohingya-migrants-are-held.md) _Context: Rohingya_
