### [2015-05-22](/news/2015/05/22/index.md)

# Voters in Ireland go to the polls to vote on constitutional referendums, including one that would allow same-sex marriage. 

A high turnout is reported as polls close after the Republic of Ireland votes in a referendum on whether to legalise same-sex marriage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32835572)

### Related:

1. [The counting of votes for yesterday's referendum occurs with  the Republic of Ireland becoming the first country to adopt same sex marriage by referendum. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-counting-of-votes-for-yesterday-s-referendum-occurs-with-the-republic-of-ireland-becoming-the-first-country-to-adopt-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Thirty-fourth Amendment of the Constitution (Marriage Equality) Bill 2015, same-sex marriage_
2. [ The European Commission denies accusations that it broke Ireland's laws against using taxpayers' money on referendum spending after an EU office in Dublin paid EUR150,000 to insert a guide to the Treaty of Lisbon into all Sunday newspapers as the country's second referendum approaches. ](/news/2009/09/29/the-european-commission-denies-accusations-that-it-broke-ireland-s-laws-against-using-taxpayers-money-on-referendum-spending-after-an-eu-o.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, referendum_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
4. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
5. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
6. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
7. [Voters in Switzerland approve a referendum that makes it easier for third-generation immigrants  to become citizens. ](/news/2017/02/12/voters-in-switzerland-approve-a-referendum-that-makes-it-easier-for-third-generation-immigrants-to-become-citizens.md) _Context: referendum_
8. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: referendum_
9. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
10. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
