### [2012-06-8](/news/2012/06/8/index.md)

# A military judge at Fort Meade in Maryland rejects dropping charges against imprisoned U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning and says his trial would likely be delayed by two months until November. 




### Source:

1. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/usdetail/245249.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/jun/08/bradley-manning-fails-military-judge?newsfeed=true)
3. [Voice of America](http://blogs.voanews.com/breaking-news/2012/06/08/us-military-judge-refuses-to-dismiss-wikileaks-charges/)

### Related:

1. [The defence of imprisoned U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning receives a boost with a ruling by the judge presiding over his trial at Fort Meade in Maryland ordering the Obama administration to hand over several documents the government had hoped would remain confidential. ](/news/2012/06/6/the-defence-of-imprisoned-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-receives-a-boost-with-a-ruling-by-the-judge-presiding-over-his-trial-at-fort-meade.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Fort Meade, MD_
2. [The pre-trial hearing of imprisoned U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning takes place at Fort Meade, Maryland. ](/news/2012/06/25/the-pre-trial-hearing-of-imprisoned-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-takes-place-at-fort-meade-maryland.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Fort Meade, MD_
3. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: MD_
4. [A second U.S. federal judge, Theodore D. Chuang of Maryland, grants that state's motion for a temporary restraining order on President Trump's revised travel ban. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-second-u-s-federal-judge-theodore-d-chuang-of-maryland-grants-that-state-s-motion-for-a-temporary-restraining-order-on-president-trump.md) _Context: MD_
5. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: MD_
6. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: MD_
7. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: MD_
8. [American conservative columnist George Will tells the Federalist Society that he is no longer a Republican because of Donald Trump, and has officially changed his Maryland voter registration from the GOP to ''unaffiliated''. ](/news/2016/06/24/american-conservative-columnist-george-will-tells-the-federalist-society-that-he-is-no-longer-a-republican-because-of-donald-trump-and-has.md) _Context: MD_
9. [Judge Barry Williams finds Baltimore, Maryland, Police Officer Edward Nero not guilty of all charges. Nero  was accused of second-degree intentional assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. Community leaders and elected officials appeal for calm. ](/news/2016/05/23/judge-barry-williams-finds-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-edward-nero-not-guilty-of-all-charges-nero-was-accused-of-second-degree-int.md) _Context: MD_
10. [Maryland state elections officials decertify the results of Baltimore's April 26, 2016, primary election because, for example, the number of ballots cast was hundreds more than the number of voters who checked in at polling places. ](/news/2016/05/12/maryland-state-elections-officials-decertify-the-results-of-baltimoreas-april-26-2016-primary-election-because-for-example-the-number.md) _Context: MD_
