### [2012-06-8](/news/2012/06/8/index.md)

# Amnesty International issues a report claiming that Israel is guilty of torture and human rights violations, but the report is criticised as biased because of the alleged involvement of an anti-Israel activist in its writing. 




### Source:

1. [Jewish Telegraphic Agency](http://www.jta.org/news/article/2012/06/08/3097666/amnesty-israel-guilty-of-torture-unfairly-detains-palestinians)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International accuses Israel of willfully committing war crimes against the Palestinians. ](/news/2014/02/27/amnesty-international-accuses-israel-of-willfully-committing-war-crimes-against-the-palestinians.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
2. [Amnesty International criticises the British government for spending nearly PS1 billion on 30 Watchkeeper WK450 unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) which Israel's military allegedly "field-tested on Palestinians" during the Gaza War. ](/news/2011/01/14/amnesty-international-criticises-the-british-government-for-spending-nearly-aps1-billion-on-30-watchkeeper-wk450-unmanned-aerial-vehicles-ua.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
3. [Mordechai Vanunu, who spoke about Israel's nuclear ambitions to ''The Sunday Times'' in 1986 and was referred to as a "prisoner of conscience" by Amnesty International after Israel imprisoned him for that action, is released from prison again after serving three months for meeting foreigners, including his Norwegian girlfriend, in 2007. He requests that he be allowed to leave Israel. ](/news/2010/08/8/mordechai-vanunu-who-spoke-about-israel-s-nuclear-ambitions-to-the-sunday-times-in-1986-and-was-referred-to-as-a-prisoner-of-conscienc.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
4. [Amnesty International calls on Israel to completely lift its blockade of the Gaza Strip after Israel removes the restrictions on all consumer goods. ](/news/2010/07/8/amnesty-international-calls-on-israel-to-completely-lift-its-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-after-israel-removes-the-restrictions-on-all-consume.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
5. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
6. [ A report by Amnesty International states that Israeli military activities and Palestinian militant rocket attacks during the Gaza War were war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/2/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-israeli-military-activities-and-palestinian-militant-rocket-attacks-during-the-gaza-war-were.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
7. [ Amnesty International accuses Hezbollah of war crimes, in its deliberate targeting of civilians in Israel during the recent Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2006/09/14/amnesty-international-accuses-hezbollah-of-war-crimes-in-its-deliberate-targeting-of-civilians-in-israel-during-the-recent-israel-lebanon.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Amnesty International has called on the Israeli government to investigate the poisoning of Palestinian land, allegedly by Israeli settlers around Hebron ](/news/2005/04/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-amnesty-international-has-called-on-the-israeli-government-to-investigate-the-poisoning-of-palestinian-land.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel_
9. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-although-there-were-deaths-on-th.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims are refuted by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
