### [2012-06-8](/news/2012/06/8/index.md)

# Chuck Blazer, the FIFA official who blew the whistle on corruption within the governing body last year, faces accusations by Jack Warner of secretly funding the rent on a luxury New York apartment using funds from the football federation he ran. 

Chuck Blazer, the official who blew the whistle on corruption within Fifa, is accused of secretly funding rent on a New York apartment.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/18367869)

### Related:

1. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Interpol issues red notices linked to arrest warrants for two former FIFA officials Jack Warner and Nicolas Leoz and four executives. ](/news/2015/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-interpol-issues-red-notices-linked-to-arrest-warrants-for-two-former-fifa-officials-jack-warner-and-nicolas-leoz.md) _Context: FIFA, Jack Warner_
2. [FIFA corruption scandal: Six FIFA officials are detained in Switzerland for extradition to the United States in relation to allegations of corruption between the 1990s and now. Those arrested include Jeffrey Webb, Jack Warner, Eduardo Li, Eugenio Figueredo and Jose Maria Marin. ](/news/2015/05/27/fifa-corruption-scandal-six-fifa-officials-are-detained-in-switzerland-for-extradition-to-the-united-states-in-relation-to-allegations-of-c.md) _Context: FIFA, Jack Warner_
3. [Former FIFA vice-president Jack Warner becomes the national security minister of Trinidad and Tobago. ](/news/2012/06/23/former-fifa-vice-president-jack-warner-becomes-the-national-security-minister-of-trinidad-and-tobago.md) _Context: FIFA, Jack Warner_
4. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: whistleblower_
5. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: whistleblower_
6. [2015 FIFA corruption case: FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-o.md) _Context: FIFA_
7. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/2015-fifa-corruption-case-reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-fede.md) _Context: FIFA_
8. [2015 FIFA corruption case: U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictm.md) _Context: FIFA_
9. [In the United States, a group of hospitals, 32 in 15 states, agree to pay a total of $28 million to settle charges they submitted false claims to Medicare for a type of spinal fracture treatment. This is the latest settlement stemming from a decade-old whistleblower lawsuit about alleged inappropriate billing for kyphoplasty. More than 130 hospitals have paid about $105 million to settle billing claims from this spinal procedure. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-the-united-states-a-group-of-hospitals-32-in-15-states-agree-to-pay-a-total-of-28-million-to-settle-charges-they-submitted-false-clai.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/2015-fifa-corruption-case-longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbe.md) _Context: FIFA_
