### [2012-06-8](/news/2012/06/8/index.md)

# Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. 

BLANTYRE, Jun 8 - Malawi said Friday it will not host the African Union summit in July because the bloc insisted on inviting Sudan&#039;s President Omar al-Bash - Kenya breaking news | Kenya news today | Capitalfm.co.ke


### Source:

1. [Capital FM Kenya](http://www.capitalfm.co.ke/news/2012/06/malawi-cancels-au-summit-hosting-over-bashir-invite/)

### Related:

1. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
2. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
3. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur. The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-om.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
4. [Sudanese general election, 2015. Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
5. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
6. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is to boycott an African Union-European Union meeting in the Libyan capital Tripoli to "avoid embarrassment to Libya". ](/news/2010/11/28/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-is-to-boycott-an-african-union-european-union-meeting-in-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-to-avoid-embarrassmen.md) _Context: African Union, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
7. [The International Criminal Court reports Kenya to the United Nations Security Council over a visit by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to the country. ](/news/2010/08/28/the-international-criminal-court-reports-kenya-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-a-visit-by-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-to-t.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
8. [African Union summit:. At the African Union summit in Kampala, attended by 53 countries, its president, the President of Malawi Bingu wa Mutharika, states International Criminal Court indictments against the Sudanese president undermine African peace and security and calls for the issue to be solved in a different way. ](/news/2010/07/25/african-union-summit-at-the-african-union-summit-in-kampala-attended-by-53-countries-its-president-the-president-of-malawi-bingu-wa-mut.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
9. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrives in Chad, a member of the International Criminal Court, despite an arrest warrant. ](/news/2010/07/21/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-arrives-in-chad-a-member-of-the-international-criminal-court-despite-an-arrest-warrant.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
10. [Two Sudanese, Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain and Saleh Mohammed Jerbo Jamus, surrender to the International Criminal Court in The Hague to be charged on Thursday with "murder", "intentionally directing attacks against peacekeeping personnel" and "stealing property" in relation to a 2007 attack on African Union peacekeepers in Darfur, which killed 12. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-sudanese-abdallah-banda-abakaer-nourain-and-saleh-mohammed-jerbo-jamus-surrender-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-to-b.md) _Context: African Union, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
