### [2008-02-11](/news/2008/02/11/index.md)

#  2008 East Timor assassination attempts: President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/02/11/2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http://news.theage.com.au/ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt/20080211-1rgx.html (''Melbourne Age'')] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.




### Related:

1. [ An appeals court decides that the two candidates in the runoff election to decide the next President of East Timor will be current Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta and Francisco Guterres of Fretilin. Two of the unsuccessful candidates have announced that they will support Dr Ramos-Horta. ](/news/2007/04/21/an-appeals-court-decides-that-the-two-candidates-in-the-runoff-election-to-decide-the-next-president-of-east-timor-will-be-current-prime-mi.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
2. [ There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. ](/news/2007/04/11/there-will-be-a-runoff-election-to-select-the-next-president-of-east-timor-after-no-candidate-achieves-a-majority-of-votes-in-the-first-rou.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
3. [ Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta announces he is running for president. ](/news/2007/02/25/prime-minister-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-announces-he-is-running-for-president.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
4. [Xanana Gusmo resigns as the Prime Minister of East Timor ahead of an expected government restructure next week. ](/news/2015/02/6/xanana-gusmao-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-east-timor-ahead-of-an-expected-government-restructure-next-week.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor, Xanana Gusmo_
5. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Jose Ramos-Horta standing against 11 other candidates. ](/news/2012/03/17/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-jose-ramos-horta-standing-against-11-other-candida.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President_
6. [ East Timorese presidential election, 2007: it is announced that Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta won the election against Francisco Guterres of Fretilin by 69% to 31%. ](/news/2007/05/11/east-timorese-presidential-election-2007-it-is-announced-that-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-won-the-election-against-francisco-guterres.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
7. [ East Timorese voters go to the polls to elect a new President of East Timor to replace Xanana Gusmo.](/news/2007/04/9/east-timorese-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-of-east-timor-to-replace-xanana-gusmao.md) _Context: President, Xanana Gusmo_
8. [ Several candidates in the first round of the East Timor presidential elections, including the Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta, have called for a recount amid allegations of voting irregularities. ](/news/2007/04/12/several-candidates-in-the-first-round-of-the-east-timor-presidential-elections-including-the-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-have-called.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, Prime Minister of East Timor_
9. [ East Timor President Xanana Gusmo threatens to resign over the social unrest in his country. ](/news/2006/06/22/east-timor-president-xanana-gusmao-threatens-to-resign-over-the-social-unrest-in-his-country.md) _Context: President, Xanana Gusmo_
10. [ Xanana Gusmao, President of East Timor, asks Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri to resign. ](/news/2006/06/21/xanana-gusmapso-president-of-east-timor-asks-prime-minister-mara-alkatiri-to-resign.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
