### [2008-02-11](/news/2008/02/11/index.md)

#  President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2008-02-11-2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http:--news.theage.com.au-ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt-20080211-1rgx.html ("Melbourne Age")] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.




### Related:

1. [ An appeals court decides that the two candidates in the runoff election to decide the next President of East Timor will be current Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta and Francisco Guterres of Fretilin. Two of the unsuccessful candidates have announced that they will support Dr Ramos-Horta. ](/news/2007/04/21/an-appeals-court-decides-that-the-two-candidates-in-the-runoff-election-to-decide-the-next-president-of-east-timor-will-be-current-prime-mi.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
2. [ There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. ](/news/2007/04/11/there-will-be-a-runoff-election-to-select-the-next-president-of-east-timor-after-no-candidate-achieves-a-majority-of-votes-in-the-first-rou.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
3. [ Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta announces he is running for president. ](/news/2007/02/25/prime-minister-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-announces-he-is-running-for-president.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President, Prime Minister of East Timor_
4. [Xanana Gusmo resigns as the Prime Minister of East Timor ahead of an expected government restructure next week. ](/news/2015/02/6/xanana-gusmao-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-east-timor-ahead-of-an-expected-government-restructure-next-week.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor, Xanana Gusmo_
5. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Jose Ramos-Horta standing against 11 other candidates. ](/news/2012/03/17/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-jose-ramos-horta-standing-against-11-other-candida.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President_

### Changes:

1. [ 2008 East Timor assassination attempts: President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2008-02-11-2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http:--news.theage.com.au-ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt-20080211-1rgx.html (''Melbourne Age'')] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/2008-east-timor-assassination-attempts-p-president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-lead.md) _2017-05-25 03:22:17 (First version)_
2. [ 2008 East Timor assassination attempts: President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2008-02-11-2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http:--news.theage.com.au-ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt-20080211-1rgx.html (''Melbourne Age'')] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/2008-east-timor-assassination-attempts-p-president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-leade.md) _2017-08-25 03:21:46 (Update)_
3. [ 2008 East Timor assassination attempts:: President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2008-02-11-2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http:--news.theage.com.au-ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt-20080211-1rgx.html ("Melbourne Age")]: Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/2008-east-timor-assassination-attempts-president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-leade.md) _2017-08-27 03:21:39 (Update)_
3. [ President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2008-02-11-2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http:--news.theage.com.au-ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt-20080211-1rgx.html ("Melbourne Age")] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-leader-alfredo-reinhado-who-led-the-attack-i.md) _(Current version)_
