### [2005-12-6](/news/2005/12/6/index.md)

#  The BBC World Service reports that the U.S. are moving into four new bases in Romania, one of the bases is where the CIA has been accused of carrying out extraordinary rendition. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4504682.stm)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him EUR60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
2. [An investigation by the Associated Press and German media uncovers a secret prison suspected of having been operated by the Central Intelligence Agency in Bucharest, Romania. ](/news/2011/12/8/an-investigation-by-the-associated-press-and-german-media-uncovers-a-secret-prison-suspected-of-having-been-operated-by-the-central-intellig.md) _Context: CIA, Romania_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit dismisses a lawsuit associated with the Central Intelligence Agency's practice of "extraordinary rendition". ](/news/2010/09/8/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-dismisses-a-lawsuit-associated-with-the-central-intelligence-agency-s-practice-of.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
4. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
5. [The director of the BBC World Service says it is prepared for the North Korean government's reaction over the targeted launch of a radio service on North Korea in September, despite the recent international tensions. The North Korean embassy in London has alrady told the BBC "in no uncertain terms" that Pyongyang does not want any such service. ](/news/2017/08/20/the-director-of-the-bbc-world-service-says-it-is-prepared-for-the-north-korean-government-s-reaction-over-the-targeted-launch-of-a-radio-ser.md) _Context: BBC World Service_
6. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: CIA_
7. [An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-selling-classified-information-to-chinese-oper.md) _Context: CIA_
8. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group."  Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because  his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says  he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Romania_
9. [Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/former-united-states-officials-report-that-18a20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-imprisoned-by-the-government-of-china.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [A freight train derails in Hunedoara County, Romania, killing both crew members on board. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-freight-train-derails-in-hunedoara-county-romania-killing-both-crew-members-on-board.md) _Context: Romania_
