### [2007-11-24](/news/2007/11/24/index.md)

#  12 people are killed when a students' union rally turns violent in Guwahati, India.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [At least 26 people die following a bus crash near Guwahati, the capital of India's Assam state. ](/news/2011/05/30/at-least-26-people-die-following-a-bus-crash-near-guwahati-the-capital-of-india-s-assam-state.md) _Context: Guwahati, India_
2. [Guards at the Kaziranga National Park (KNP) near Guwahati intercept and kill four poachers in the most successful operation ever against poachers in the northeast of India. ](/news/2010/05/21/guards-at-the-kaziranga-national-park-knp-near-guwahati-intercept-and-kill-four-poachers-in-the-most-successful-operation-ever-against-poa.md) _Context: Guwahati, India_
3. [ At least five people die and more than 50 are injured in serial bombings in Guwahati, India. ](/news/2009/01/1/at-least-five-people-die-and-more-than-50-are-injured-in-serial-bombings-in-guwahati-india.md) _Context: Guwahati, India_
4. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: India_
5. [Monsoons in At least 44 are killed in a landslide on a highway in the northern India province of Himachal Pradesh. ](/news/2017/08/13/monsoons-in-at-least-44-are-killed-in-a-landslide-on-a-highway-in-the-northern-india-province-of-himachal-pradesh.md) _Context: India_
6. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
