### [2007-11-24](/news/2007/11/24/index.md)

#  Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. 




### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, Parliament, national election_
2. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, Labor Party_
3. [ Mark Latham, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, resigns from his position and from parliament due to ill health. Possible replacements include former deputy prime minister Kim Beazley, shadow foreign minister Kevin Rudd and shadow health minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2005/01/18/mark-latham-leader-of-australia-s-opposition-labor-party-resigns-from-his-position-and-from-parliament-due-to-ill-health-possible-replac.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party, Parliament_
4. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Labor Party, Parliament_
5. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Parliament_
6. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-wins-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-against-incumbent-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard wins a leadership ballot in the Australian Labor Party, defeating former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/27/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-wins-a-leadership-ballot-in-the-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-prime-minister-kevin.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
8. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announces that he will contest the leadership of the Australian Labor Party with current PM Julia Gillard on Monday. ](/news/2012/02/24/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-with-current-pm-julia-gillard-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
9. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard calls for a ballot of a caucus of the Australian Labor Party for Monday as a result of the resignation of Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/23/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-calls-for-a-ballot-of-a-caucus-of-the-australian-labor-party-for-monday-as-a-result-of-the-res.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
10. [United States diplomatic cables leak:Newly released cables from the United States indicate former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd suggested the use of force against China if it could not be "successfully integrated" into the international community. The Australian government refuses to respond to the release. ](/news/2010/12/6/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-pnewly-released-cables-from-the-united-states-indicate-former-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-su.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
