
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.json)  [XML](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.xml)  

### [2007-11-24](/news/2007/11/24/index.md)

##### national election
#  The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http:--www.theaustralian.news.com.au-story-0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. 




### Changes:

1. [ Australian federal election, 2007:: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http:--www.theaustralian.news.com.au-story-0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)]: John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:18 (First version)_
2. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http:--www.theaustralian.news.com.au-story-0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:18 (Update)_
2. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http:--www.theaustralian.news.com.au-story-0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard asks the Governor-General of Australia Michael Jeffery to dissolve the Parliament of Australia and call an election on 24 November. ](/news/2007/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-asks-the-governor-general-of-australia-michael-jeffery-to-dissolve-the-parliament-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, John Howard, Parliament of Australia, national election_
2. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Australian Labor Party, Australian Prime Minister, Parliament of Australia_
3. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-wins-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-against-incumbent-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Australian Labor Party, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
4. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard wins a leadership ballot in the Australian Labor Party, defeating former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/27/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-wins-a-leadership-ballot-in-the-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-prime-minister-kevin.md) _Context: Australian Labor Party, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
5. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announces that he will contest the leadership of the Australian Labor Party with current PM Julia Gillard on Monday. ](/news/2012/02/24/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-with-current-pm-julia-gillard-o.md) _Context: Australian Labor Party, Australian Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd_
