### [2012-03-24](/news/2012/03/24/index.md)

# Thomas Mulcair wins the election to replace Jack Layton as leader of Canada's New Democratic Party. He becomes the Leader of the Official Opposition. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/story/2012/03/24/pol-ndp-leadership-leaderboard-vote.html)

### Related:

1. [Canada's Leader of the Opposition Jack Layton announces that he will take a medical leave of absence and an interim leader of the New Democratic Party will be appointed. ](/news/2011/07/25/canada-s-leader-of-the-opposition-jack-layton-announces-that-he-will-take-a-medical-leave-of-absence-and-an-interim-leader-of-the-new-democr.md) _Context: Jack Layton, Leader of the Official Opposition, New Democratic Party_
2. [Jack Layton, leader of Canada's New Democratic Party and Leader of the Opposition, dies from cancer at age 61. ](/news/2011/08/22/jack-layton-leader-of-canada-s-new-democratic-party-and-leader-of-the-opposition-dies-from-cancer-at-age-61.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
3. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: New Democratic Party, Thomas Mulcair_
4. [ Canadian New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton withdraws his support to the minority government of Prime Minister Paul Martin. This decision might set a confidence vote in the next week. ](/news/2005/11/7/canadian-new-democratic-party-leader-jack-layton-withdraws-his-support-to-the-minority-government-of-prime-minister-paul-martin-this-decis.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
5. [ The New Democratic Party in Canada picks Toronto city councillor Jack Layton as its new leader, replacing Alexa McDonough, at its convention in Toronto. Layton wins on the first ballot, beating veteran MP Bill Blaikie.](/news/2003/01/25/the-new-democratic-party-in-canada-picks-toronto-city-councillor-jack-layton-as-its-new-leader-replacing-alexa-mcdonough-at-its-conventio.md) _Context: Jack Layton, New Democratic Party_
6. [Hundreds of thousands of Canadians attend events and tributes across Canada in honour of Jack Layton, as an unprecedented state funeral is held. ](/news/2011/08/27/hundreds-of-thousands-of-canadians-attend-events-and-tributes-across-canada-in-honour-of-jack-layton-as-an-unprecedented-state-funeral-is-h.md) _Context: Jack Layton_
7. [Results from the 41st Canadian General Election give the Conservative Party of Canada a majority government while the NDP will form the Official Opposition for the first time in Canadian political history.](/news/2011/05/3/results-from-the-41st-canadian-general-election-give-the-conservative-party-of-canada-a-majority-government-while-the-ndp-will-form-the-offi.md) _Context: New Democratic Party_
8. [ Canadian Member of Parliament Bob Rae announces his withdrawal from the leadership campaign of the Liberal Party, leaving the position (and that of the Leader of the Opposition and the leadership of the proposed opposition coalition) open to fellow MP Michael Ignatieff. ](/news/2008/12/9/canadian-member-of-parliament-bob-rae-announces-his-withdrawal-from-the-leadership-campaign-of-the-liberal-party-leaving-the-position-and.md) _Context: Leader of the Official Opposition_
9. [ In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Qubcois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. ](/news/2008/12/1/in-canada-the-liberal-party-new-democratic-party-and-bloc-quebecois-sign-an-agreement-to-form-a-coalition-government-with-stephane-dion.md) _Context: New Democratic Party_
10. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: New Democratic Party_
