### [2013-07-4](/news/2013/07/4/index.md)

# Portuguese political crisis, 2013. A series of talks between Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Prime Minister to solve the question around the former's resignation. After a third round the Prime Minister Passos Coelho is to meet with the President of the Republic Cavaco Silva.




### Related:

1. [Former President and Prime Minister of Portugal Mario Soares dies at the age of 92. ](/news/2017/01/7/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-portugal-ma-rio-soares-dies-at-the-age-of-92.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Portugal_
2. [Portuguese political crisis, 2013:. Portuguese Minister of Foreign Affairs Paulo Portas quits after disagreeing with the prime minister's choice for Finance Minister, Maria Luis Albuquerque. The Minister for the Environment and Agriculture and the Minister of Social Security are also set to resign. ](/news/2013/07/2/portuguese-political-crisis-2013-portuguese-minister-of-foreign-affairs-paulo-portas-quits-after-disagreeing-with-the-prime-minister-s-ch.md) _Context: Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prime Minister of Portugal_
3. [Portuguese political crisis, 2013. The President of Portugal Cavaco Silva calls for a national salvation understanding between the three main parties: the Socialists, and the governing coalition PSD and CDS-PP. In a statement after the President's communication to the country, the Socialists said they will not support such Government and called for early elections. ](/news/2013/07/10/portuguese-political-crisis-2013-the-president-of-portugal-cavaco-silva-calls-for-a-national-salvation-understanding-between-the-three-mai.md) _Context: Cavaco Silva, President_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres is sworn in as the new United Nations Secretary General. ](/news/2016/12/12/former-prime-minister-of-portugal-anta3nio-guterres-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Portugal_
5. [The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres its next Secretary-General. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-united-nations-general-assembly-officially-appoints-former-portuguese-prime-minister-anta3nio-guterres-its-next-secretary-general.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Portugal_
6. [Portuguese presidential election, 2016. Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa is elected President of the Portuguese Republic. ](/news/2016/01/24/portuguese-presidential-election-2016-marcelo-rebelo-de-sousa-is-elected-president-of-the-portuguese-republic.md) _Context: President_
7. [Portuguese legislative election, 2015. Three leftist parties announce their ability to form a government, making it likely that Pedro Passos Coelho will no longer be Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/11/7/portuguese-legislative-election-2015-three-leftist-parties-announce-their-ability-to-form-a-government-making-it-likely-that-pedro-passos.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Portugal_
8. [Antonio Costa, the leader of the Socialist Party, is named as the Prime Minister of Portugal. ](/news/2015/11/24/anta3nio-costa-the-leader-of-the-socialist-party-is-named-as-the-prime-minister-of-portugal.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Portugal_
9. [Portuguese police arrest the ex-prime minister of Portugal, Jose Socrates. They accuse him of corruption, fiscal fraud, and money laundering. ](/news/2014/11/25/portuguese-police-arrest-the-ex-prime-minister-of-portugal-josa-c-socrates-they-accuse-him-of-corruption-fiscal-fraud-and-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Portugal_
10. [Portuguese political crisis, 2013:. Paulo Portas becomes Deputy Prime Minister, the first since 1985. Prime Minister Passos Coelho will make additional reshuffles to his cabinet.](/news/2013/07/6/portuguese-political-crisis-2013-paulo-portas-becomes-deputy-prime-minister-the-first-since-1985-prime-minister-passos-coelho-will-make.md) _Context: Passos Coelho_
