### [1999-05-6](/news/1999/05/6/index.md)

#  Elections are held in Scotland and Wales for the new Scottish Parliament and National Assembly for Wales.




### Related:

1. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Scotland, Wales_
2. [The Scottish Parliament votes overwhelmingly (105-18) in favor of a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/4/the-scottish-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-105-18-in-favor-of-a-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-scotland.md) _Context: Scotland, Scottish Parliament_
3. [Wales becomes the first country in the UK to adopt a presumed consent system of organ donation after members of its legislative assembly vote in favour of the system. ](/news/2013/07/2/wales-becomes-the-first-country-in-the-uk-to-adopt-a-presumed-consent-system-of-organ-donation-after-members-of-its-legislative-assembly-vot.md) _Context: Wales, legislative assembly_
4. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Scotland, Wales_
5. [British-Irish Council:: The British-Irish Council meets in Guernsey, with those attending including Taoiseach Brian Cowen, Northern Ireland Secretary Owen Paterson, Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness, the First Ministers of Scotland and Wales, and the Chief Ministers of Guernsey, Jersey and the Isle of Man. ](/news/2010/06/25/british-irish-council-the-british-irish-council-meets-in-guernsey-with-those-attending-including-taoiseach-brian-cowen-northern-irel.md) _Context: Scotland, Wales_
6. [ New laws come into force across England, Wales and Scotland making the use of child seats in cars compulsory for all children under the age of 12 who are less than 4ft 5in (135cm) tall. ](/news/2006/09/18/new-laws-come-into-force-across-england-wales-and-scotland-making-the-use-of-child-seats-in-cars-compulsory-for-all-children-under-the-age.md) _Context: Scotland, Wales_
7. [ Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. ](/news/2005/12/21/musician-elton-john-and-canadian-filmmaker-david-furnish-are-joined-in-a-civil-partnership-ceremony-at-windsor-town-hall-the-couple-are-am.md) _Context: Scotland, Wales_
8. [ The Roman Catholic bishops of England, Wales, and Scotland issue a teaching guide which explains biblical passages should not be taken literally. The Creation, Garden of Eden and the creation of Eve from Adam's rib are considered to be "symbolic language". ](/news/2005/10/5/the-roman-catholic-bishops-of-england-wales-and-scotland-issue-a-teaching-guide-which-explains-biblical-passages-should-not-be-taken-lite.md) _Context: Scotland, Wales_
9. [Castlemartin Training Area: Two British Army soldiers are killed and two others are injured in an incident involving a tank at Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire, Wales. ](/news/2017/06/14/castlemartin-training-area-two-british-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-in-an-incident-involving-a-tank-at-castlemartin.md) _Context: Wales_
10. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum: Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Scotland_
