### [2003-03-29](/news/2003/03/29/index.md)

#  Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome: Dr. Carlo Urbani, a WHO expert on communicable diseases and the physician who first identified the outbreak, dies of the disease in Thailand. He had been infected in Vietnam.




### Related:

1. [ The World Health Organization announces that SARS has peaked in all affected countries except the People's Republic of China. These countries include Canada, Singapore, and Vietnam, as well as Hong Kong.[http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20030428.wsars0428/BNStory/International ]date=September 2015](/news/2003/04/28/the-world-health-organization-announces-that-sars-has-peaked-in-all-affected-countries-except-the-people-s-republic-of-china-these-countri.md) _Context: SARS, Vietnam, World Health Organization_
2. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: Thailand, World Health Organization_
3. [The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-all-of-the-south-china-se.md) _Context: Thailand, Vietnam_
4. [Authorities in Thailand stop the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch on alleged persecution of Montagnard Christians in Vietnam. ](/news/2015/06/26/authorities-in-thailand-stop-the-launch-of-a-report-by-human-rights-watch-on-alleged-persecution-of-montagnard-christians-in-vietnam.md) _Context: Thailand, Vietnam_
5. [In response to an outbreak of an unidentified fatal disease in Quang Ngai province, Vietnam, the Vietnamese government asks for help from the World Health Organization. ](/news/2012/04/22/in-response-to-an-outbreak-of-an-unidentified-fatal-disease-in-quang-ngai-province-vietnam-the-vietnamese-government-asks-for-help-from-th.md) _Context: Vietnam, World Health Organization_
6. [ Health officials in Thailand report that they have identified a likely case of human to human transmission of the H5N1 strain of avian influenza, although the World Health Organization says the transmission occurred only after prolonged contact between individuals. A more easily transmitted virus could potentially cause a worldwide flu pandemic on the level of the 1918 Spanish flu. ](/news/2004/09/28/health-officials-in-thailand-report-that-they-have-identified-a-likely-case-of-human-to-human-transmission-of-the-h5n1-strain-of-avian-infl.md) _Context: Thailand, World Health Organization_
7. [ Taiwan is the last territory to be declared free of SARS by the World Health Organization, after 20 days with no new cases reported. ](/news/2003/07/5/taiwan-is-the-last-territory-to-be-declared-free-of-sars-by-the-world-health-organization-after-20-days-with-no-new-cases-reported.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
8. [ For the first time in more than two months, no new deaths were reported yesterday from SARS, the latest indication that the epidemic is subsiding, the World Health Organization said.](/news/2003/06/5/for-the-first-time-in-more-than-two-months-no-new-deaths-were-reported-yesterday-from-sars-the-latest-indication-that-the-epidemic-is-sub.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
9. [ The World Health Organization holds a meeting in Toronto regarding SARS.](/news/2003/04/30/the-world-health-organization-holds-a-meeting-in-toronto-regarding-sars.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
10. [ SARS is made only the fourth disease, after plague, yellow fever, and cholera, that countries are required to report to the World Health Organization.](/news/2003/04/28/sars-is-made-only-the-fourth-disease-after-plague-yellow-fever-and-cholera-that-countries-are-required-to-report-to-the-world-health-or.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
