### [2009-06-6](/news/2009/06/6/index.md)

#  The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. 




### Source:

1. [Europarl](http://www.europarl.europa.eu/elections2009/countries/default.htm;jsessionid=66ABC19790111794C40BF30609B89EC7.node1?language=EN)

### Related:

1. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Cyprus, Czech Republic, European Parliament, European Union, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia's_
2. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join. Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-ex.md) _Context: Cyprus, Czech Republic, European Union, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia's_
3. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: European Union, France, Italian, Malta, Slovakia's_
4. [European sovereign debt crisis:. The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Cyprus, France, Italian, Malta, Slovakia's_
5. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in the Czech Republic and Ireland. ](/news/2009/06/5/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-the-czech-republic-and-ireland.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European Parliament, European Union, elections_
6. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia's_
7. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Cyprus, European Parliament, European Union_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: European Union, France, Italian_
9. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Czech Republic, France, Italian_
10. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union, France_
