### [2004-09-15](/news/2004/09/15/index.md)

#  In a report released today, the U.S. State Department for the first time places the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on its list of "countries of particular concern" (CPCs) that engage in "particularly severe violations" of religious freedom. A designation as a CPC requires the State Department to take whatever steps are necessary&mdash;up to the level of sanctions&mdash;to increase religious tolerance in the designated country. 




### Source:

1. [CNN.com](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/09/15/us.saudi.religious.rights.ap/index.html)
2. [State Department report](http://www.state.gov/g/drl/rls/irf/2004/)

### Related:

1. [ In an interview with the Saudi-owned "Al-Arabiyya" satellite television network, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell plays down the importance of Wednesday's report by the State Department&mdash;which listed Saudi Arabia as a country that severely restricts religious freedom&mdash;saying that he hopes that he will be able to use dialogue to remove Saudi Arabia from the list.](/news/2004/09/17/in-an-interview-with-the-saudi-owned-al-arabiyya-satellite-television-network-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-plays-down-the-import.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. State Department, religious freedom_
2. [ Prominent Saudis reject yesterday's declaration by the U.S. State Department that Saudi Arabia severely restricts religious freedom, arguing that the report that made the declaration was politically motivated. ](/news/2004/09/16/prominent-saudis-reject-yesterday-s-declaration-by-the-u-s-state-department-that-saudi-arabia-severely-restricts-religious-freedom-arguin.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. State Department, religious freedom_
3. [Saudi Arabia receives US State Department approval for the purchase of four Multi-Mission Combat Ships for $11.25 billion. ](/news/2015/10/20/saudi-arabia-receives-us-state-department-approval-for-the-purchase-of-four-multi-mission-combat-ships-for-11-25-billion.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, U.S. State Department_
4. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
5. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
6. [ Saudi Arabia lifts its 2013 ban on internet calls, effective midnight local time (21:00 UTC). ](/news/2017/09/20/saudi-arabia-lifts-its-2013-ban-on-internet-calls-effective-midnight-local-time-21-00-utc.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
8. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
