### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# 2016 Lahore suicide bombing: Pakistan officials tell Reuters its forces will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamist militants in Punjab. Sunday's attack was Taliban-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar's fifth bombing since December. 

Malik and Mubasher Bukhari


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-pakistan-blast-idUSKCN0WT0HR)

### Related:

1. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing: A suicide bomber from a Pakistani Taliban faction kills at least 60 people and injures 300 others at a park in Lahore, Pakistan, and the group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it intentionally targeted Christians celebrating on Easter Sunday. An official says the explosion took place close to Gulshan-e-Iqbal Park's children's rides. ](/news/2016/03/27/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-from-a-pakistani-taliban-faction-kills-at-least-60-people-and-injures-300-others-at-a-park-in.md) _Context: 2016 Lahore suicide bombing, Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan: A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan, radical Islamists_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan: Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/war-in-north-west-pakistan-two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
5. [ Unidentified gunmen shoot dead Khurram Zaki, a Pakistani rights activist known for speaking out against the Taliban. ](/news/2016/05/8/unidentified-gunmen-shoot-dead-khurram-zaki-a-pakistani-rights-activist-known-for-speaking-out-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
6. [ War in Afghanistan: The Taliban leadership council reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour, killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/23/war-in-afghanistan-the-taliban-leadership-council-reportedly-meets-to-determine-a-successor-to-mullah-akhtar-mansour-killed-this-weekend.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
7. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners. The representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process. ](/news/2016/04/27/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisone.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
8. [Afghanistan-Pakistan relations: Taliban insurgency: Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts.- ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-pakistan-relations-taliban-insurgency-afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-tal.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan: A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-3.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Taliban_
10. [Taliban insurgency: The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
