### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. 

Federal officials said Monday that they have unlocked the iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters and are dropping a request in front of a federal judge that sought to force Apple to help with that effort.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times''²](http://documents.latimes.com/government-no-longer-requires-apples-help-iphone-case/)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/local/lanow/la-me-ln-fbi-drops-fight-to-force-apple-to-unlock-san-bernardino-terrorist-iphone-20160328-story.html)

### Related:

1. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a  way to access  Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman,  says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/fbiaapple-encryption-dispute-pa-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstr.md) _Context: FBI, FBI–Apple encryption dispute, San Bernardino, iPhone_
2. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the ''Business Insider''. ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: Apple Inc., FBI, San Bernardino, iPhone_
3. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
4. [Apple Inc. says it will appeal a court order to create a backdoor for an iPhone 5C belonging to Syed Farook who conducted the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/17/apple-inc-says-it-will-appeal-a-court-order-to-create-a-backdoor-for-an-iphone-5c-belonging-to-syed-farook-who-conducted-the-2015-san-berna.md) _Context: Apple Inc., San Bernardino_
5. [Samsung concedes to surrender $548 million to Apple Inc. over previously court-held ruling in patent dispute over copying the look of the iPhone. ](/news/2015/12/3/samsung-concedes-to-surrender-548-million-to-apple-inc-over-previously-court-held-ruling-in-patent-dispute-over-copying-the-look-of-the-ip.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPhone_
6. [The U.S. International Trade Commission sides with Apple against a claim by Google that Apple's popular iPhones violate a Google patent. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-u-s-international-trade-commission-sides-with-apple-against-a-claim-by-google-that-apple-s-popular-iphones-violate-a-google-patent.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPhone_
7. [Apple Inc. is denied their request to sell their phones under the name "iPhone" in Brazil after regulators voted in favor of IGB Electronica who won the rights to use the name in 2008. ](/news/2013/02/13/apple-inc-is-denied-their-request-to-sell-their-phones-under-the-name-iphone-in-brazil-after-regulators-voted-in-favor-of-igb-electronica.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPhone_
8. [Apple Inc. announces that the technology generated over $127 billion in revenue during 2011. Apple sold over 37 million iPhones and over 15 million iPads during the fourth quarter of 2011. ](/news/2012/01/24/apple-inc-announces-that-the-technology-generated-over-127-billion-in-revenue-during-2011-apple-sold-over-37-million-iphones-and-over-15.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPhone_
9. [Taiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC loses a patent infringement case in the United States, with the United States International Trade Commission ruling that Apple Inc.'s iPhone technology does not violate HTC's patents. ](/news/2011/10/18/taiwanese-smartphone-manufacturer-htc-loses-a-patent-infringement-case-in-the-united-states-with-the-united-states-international-trade-comm.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPhone_
10. [Apple / Google smartphone tracking:U.S. Congressman Ed Markey (D-Mass.) sends Apple chief executive Steve Jobs a letter asking him to explain the purpose of a file embedded on iPhones and iPads that keeps a detailed log of the devices' location. ](/news/2011/04/21/apple-google-smartphone-tracking-pu-s-congressman-ed-markey-d-mass-sends-apple-chief-executive-steve-jobs-a-letter-asking-him-to-expla.md) _Context: Apple Inc., iPhone_
