### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. 

 Gov. Nathan Deal on Monday vetoed the “religious liberty” bill that triggered a wave of criticism from gay rights groups and business leaders and presented him with one of the most consequential challenges he’s faced since his election to Georgia’s top office. In a press conference at the state Capitol, Deal said...


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/15082904/georgia-gov-nathan-deal-veto-house-bill-757-aiding-atlanta-falcons-super-bowl-hopes)
2. [The Atlanta Journal-Constitution](http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2016/03/28/breaking-nathan-deal-will-veto-georgias-religious-liberty-bill/)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/03/28/georgia-governor-to-veto-religious-freedom-bill-criticized-as-anti-gay/?hpid=hp_rhp-top-table-main_georgia-1045am%3Ahomepage%2Fstory)
3. [Cover Image](https://cmgajcpolitics.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/ba1_1426-1380837.jpg?w=640)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Georgia, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Missouri votes to ban same-sex marriage through a state constitutional amendment. The amendment passes with 72% of the vote. Louisiana will vote on the same issue September 18, followed by Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah on November 2. ](/news/2004/08/3/missouri-votes-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-the-amendment-passes-with-72-of-the-vote-louisiana-will.md) _Context: Georgia, same-sex marriage_
3. [Chilean President Michelle Bachelet sends a bill to Congress for the legalization of same-sex marriage in Chile and adoption by same-sex couples, two years after recognizing civil unions for both same-gender and different-gender couples. ](/news/2017/08/28/chilean-president-michelle-bachelet-sends-a-bill-to-congress-for-the-legalization-of-same-sex-marriage-in-chile-and-adoption-by-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
4. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: Georgia_
5. [A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-in-malta-gets-approved-by-parliament.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_

### Changes:

1. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious.md) _2017-08-25 03:45:02 (First version)_
1. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious-b.md) _(Current version)_
