### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill  that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. 

 Gov. Nathan Deal on Monday vetoed the “religious liberty” bill that triggered a wave of criticism from gay rights groups and business leaders and presented him with one of the most consequential challenges he’s faced since his election to Georgia’s top office. In a press conference at the state Capitol, Deal said...


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/15082904/georgia-gov-nathan-deal-veto-house-bill-757-aiding-atlanta-falcons-super-bowl-hopes)
2. [The Atlanta Journal-Constitution](http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2016/03/28/breaking-nathan-deal-will-veto-georgias-religious-liberty-bill/)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/03/28/georgia-governor-to-veto-religious-freedom-bill-criticized-as-anti-gay/?hpid=hp_rhp-top-table-main_georgia-1045am%3Ahomepage%2Fstory)

### Related:

1. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: Georgia_
2. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Georgia_
3. [Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-candidates-include-sally-boynton-brown-k.md) _Context: Georgia_
4. [Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia_
5. [The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks-to-sue-saudi-arabia-u-s-president-bar.md) _Context: veto_
6. [The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border.  Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency.  ](/news/2016/08/31/the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of-tampa-to-destin-flori.md) _Context: Georgia_
7. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Georgia_
8. [Georgia Senator David Perdue is criticized for remarks at the Faith and Freedom Coalition's Road to Majority conference in which his quote of Psalm 109:8, "Let his days be few, and may another have his office," appears to be a prayer for President Barack Obama's death. Perdue says, "It was a little humor and I said it in a way that we were talking about his days as president." ](/news/2016/06/10/georgia-senator-david-perdue-is-criticized-for-remarks-at-the-faith-and-freedom-coalitionas-road-to-majority-conference-in-which-his-quote.md) _Context: Georgia_
9. [Passengers are evacuated from the south domestic terminal at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in the U.S. state of Georgia after a suspicious package is found. The package is declared safe by a bomb squad. ](/news/2016/03/23/passengers-are-evacuated-from-the-south-domestic-terminal-at-hartsfieldajackson-atlanta-international-airport-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia_
10. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
