### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition demanding Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on open carrying of firearms. 

Some 45,000 people signed a petition asking that attendees be allowed to carry fire arms.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/03/28/secret-service-no-gunsrepublican-convention/82348324/)

### Related:

1. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Cleveland, Ohio_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
3. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Cleveland_
4. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept-a.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Cleveland_
5. [The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-by-the-family-of-tamir-ri.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
6. [Ariel Castro is sentenced to life plus a thousand years for kidnapping three women and holding them hostage for a decade in Cleveland, Ohio. ](/news/2013/08/1/ariel-castro-is-sentenced-to-life-plus-a-thousand-years-for-kidnapping-three-women-and-holding-them-hostage-for-a-decade-in-cleveland-ohio.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
7. [Ariel Castro, a 53-year-old man charged with the kidnappings of three women from Cleveland, Ohio, between 2002 and 2004, is sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole after accepting a plea deal with prosecutors. ](/news/2013/07/26/ariel-castro-a-53-year-old-man-charged-with-the-kidnappings-of-three-women-from-cleveland-ohio-between-2002-and-2004-is-sentenced-to-lif.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
8. [Three women missing for more than a decade are found alive in the U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, while a 52-year-old man, Ariel Castro, is taken into custody. ](/news/2013/05/6/three-women-missing-for-more-than-a-decade-are-found-alive-in-the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-while-a-52-year-old-man-ariel-castro-is-ta.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
9. [Four people are shot and one killed after a George Clinton concert in the US city of Cleveland, Ohio. ](/news/2011/07/30/four-people-are-shot-and-one-killed-after-a-george-clinton-concert-in-the-us-city-of-cleveland-ohio.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
10. [ A 14-year-old high school student goes on a shooting rampage in Cleveland, Ohio, wounding two teachers and two students before his death. ](/news/2007/10/10/a-14-year-old-high-school-student-goes-on-a-shooting-rampage-in-cleveland-ohio-wounding-two-teachers-and-two-students-before-his-death.md) _Context: Cleveland, Ohio_
