### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. 

The man, identified as a minister from Tennessee, was trying to enter the visitor center.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/28/politics/u-s-capitol-and-white-house-on-lockdown/)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/gunshots-reported-at-us-capitol-complex/2016/03/28/f1b961ba-f515-11e5-8b23-538270a1ca31_story.html?hpid=hp_rhp-top-table-main_no-name%3Ahomepage%2Fstory)

### Related:

1. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: United States Capitol, Washington, D.C., White House_
2. [ The White House and United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. are evacuated, amid reports of an incoming aircraft. The US Secret Service subsequently issues an all-clear. ](/news/2005/05/11/the-white-house-and-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-are-evacuated-amid-reports-of-an-incoming-aircraft-the-us-secret-service-su.md) _Context: United States Capitol, Washington, D.C., White House_
3. [In Washington, D. C., Secret Service agents apprehend a White House north fence jumper. ](/news/2014/10/22/in-washington-d-c-secret-service-agents-apprehend-a-white-house-north-fence-jumper.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
5. [Environmentalists, citing greenhouse gas emissions and risks of oil spills, including climatologist James Hansen are arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. in a protest to urge President Barack Obama to reject TransCanada Corp.'s $7 billion proposed Keystone Pipeline extension from the Athabasca Oil Sands in northern Alberta in Canada to the US Gulf Coast. ](/news/2011/08/30/environmentalists-citing-greenhouse-gas-emissions-and-risks-of-oil-spills-including-climatologist-james-hansen-are-arrested-outside-the-wh.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
6. [Luis Gutirrez, an Illinois member of the United States House of Representatives, is arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. during protests calling for immigration reform. ](/news/2011/07/26/luis-gutierrez-an-illinois-member-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-is-arrested-outside-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-dur.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
7. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
9. [ A fire breaks out at the Old Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C., which houses ceremonial offices of Vice President Dick Cheney and the majority of White House staff. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2007/12/19/a-fire-breaks-out-at-the-old-executive-office-building-in-washington-d-c-which-houses-ceremonial-offices-of-vice-president-dick-cheney-a.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., White House_
10. [ The United States Capitol building complex in Washington, D.C. is locked down after reports of what sounded like gunfire reached US Capitol police. The United States Senate was in session as a report of at least one person seeing a gunman in the Rayburn House Office Building gym was issued. Police say that the sound was likely that of a pneumatic hammer and that the 'gunman' may have been a plainclothes police officer. ](/news/2006/05/26/the-united-states-capitol-building-complex-in-washington-d-c-is-locked-down-after-reports-of-what-sounded-like-gunfire-reached-us-capitol.md) _Context: United States Capitol, Washington, D.C._
