### [2016-03-28](/news/2016/03/28/index.md)

# The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. 

Flights arriving at Gatwick Airport are diverted and drivers are warned of severe delays because of strong winds and heavy rain.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1667780/storm-katie-threatens-easter-monday-misery)

### Related:

1. [Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-warnings-for-south-w.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain, Met Office_
2. [The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-and-rain-covering-across-much-of-scotland-and-northern-engla.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain, Met Office_
3. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Britain, Met Office_
4. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Britain_
5. [A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south-atlantic-ocean-by-35-to-include-the.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Britain_
6. [The United Kingdom designates Ascension Island and its surrounding waters in the Atlantic Ocean as a Marine protected area. The reserve will be almost as big as the UK with just over half of the protected area completely closed to fishing. ](/news/2016/01/3/the-united-kingdom-designates-ascension-island-and-its-surrounding-waters-in-the-atlantic-ocean-as-a-marine-protected-area-the-reserve-will.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Britain_
7. [Storm Desmond shatters U.K. rainfall records as an incredible 13.44 inches of rain fell in 24 hours at Honister Pass in the Lake District in North West England. The 15.94 inches of rain at Thirlmere -- also in the Lake District -- set a new record for the 48-hour period. ](/news/2015/12/7/storm-desmond-shatters-u-k-rainfall-records-as-an-incredible-13-44-inches-of-rain-fell-in-24-hours-at-honister-pass-in-the-lake-district-in.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain_
8. [Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-following-previous-heavy-rainfall.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Britain_
9. [Floods in the United Kingdom continue to worsen as the Met Office issues severe rain weather warnings for southwest England. ](/news/2014/02/17/floods-in-the-united-kingdom-continue-to-worsen-as-the-met-office-issues-severe-rain-weather-warnings-for-southwest-england.md) _Context: Britain, Met Office_
10. [The Met Office confirms Sunday as the coldest Easter Day on record for the United Kingdom. The lowest temperature of -12.5degC is recorded in Braemar in the Scottish Highlands. ](/news/2013/03/31/the-met-office-confirms-sunday-as-the-coldest-easter-day-on-record-for-the-united-kingdom-the-lowest-temperature-of-a12-5adegc-is-recorded.md) _Context: Britain, Met Office_
