### [2010-12-14](/news/2010/12/14/index.md)

# The Russian government is to continue plans to build a controversial motorway through the Khimki Forest. 

The Russian government announces that a project to build a motorway through pristine forest near Moscow will go ahead.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11990277)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20101214/161769346.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russian Government_
2. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: Russian Government_
3. [The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-with-the-united-states-are-frozen-the-u-s-state-department-says-the-dialogue-with-russ.md) _Context: Russian Government_
4. [The Kremlin condemns NATO's membership invitation to Montenegro, warning the step risks fueling geopolitical tensions in Europe. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-kremlin-condemns-nato-s-membership-invitation-to-montenegro-warning-the-step-risks-fueling-geopolitical-tensions-in-europe.md) _Context: Russian Government_
5. [Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt. ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due-december-21-2015-negotiat.md) _Context: Russian Government_
6. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following-m.md) _Context: Russian Government_
7. [Russia bans two George Soros-run foundations, including the Open Society Foundations, for posing a threat to "Russian national security". The Open Society Foundation and the Open Society Institute's Assistance Foundation, both financed by business magnate Soros, are the latest additions to a list of "undesirable organizations", a list the Russian government says is necessary to stop foreign governments from interfering in Russia's internal affairs. ](/news/2015/11/30/russia-bans-two-george-soros-run-foundations-including-the-open-society-foundations-for-posing-a-threat-to-russian-national-security-th.md) _Context: Russian Government_
8. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: Russian Government_
9. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, places the ancient historic site of Chersonesus under the control of the Russian federal government after a local government made a controversial appointment as site manager. ](/news/2015/08/1/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-places-the-ancient-historic-site-of-chersonesus-under-the-control-of-the-russian-federal-government.md) _Context: Russian Government_
10. [The Kremlin announces that Russia will hold the 2014 G8 summit in its southern Black Sea resort of Sochi, the host of the 2014 Winter Olympics. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-kremlin-announces-that-russia-will-hold-the-2014-g8-summit-in-its-southern-black-sea-resort-of-sochi-the-host-of-the-2014-winter-olympi.md) _Context: Russian Government_
