### [2012-04-27](/news/2012/04/27/index.md)

# British Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt agrees to hand over private emails to the Leveson Inquiry relating to the BSkyB takeover as pressure mounts for a separate inquiry into his conduct. 

Jeremy Hunt has said he will hand over emails about the BSkyB takeover bid to the Leveson Inquiry as Labour accuses David Cameron of a &quot;cover-up&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17867537)

### Related:

1. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: BSkyB, Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
2. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: BSkyB, Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
3. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: BSkyB, Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
4. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
5. [Speaking on the BBC's ''The Andrew Marr Show'', British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. ](/news/2012/06/3/speaking-on-the-bbc-s-the-andrew-marr-show-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-acted-wisely.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
6. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: BSkyB, Leveson Inquiry_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: BSkyB, Jeremy Hunt_
8. [British broadcaster BSkyB buys 21st Century Fox's stake in Sky Italia and Sky Deutschland in a $7 billion deal. ](/news/2014/07/25/british-broadcaster-bskyb-buys-21st-century-fox-s-stake-in-sky-italia-and-sky-deutschland-in-a-7-billion-deal.md) _Context: BSkyB_
9. [Maria Miller resigns as the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport in the United Kingdom following an expenses scandal. Sajid Javid is announced as her replacement. ](/news/2014/04/9/maria-miller-resigns-as-the-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-in-the-united-kingdom-following-an-expenses-scandal-sajid-javid.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
10. [Britain's Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards launches an investigation into expenses claimed by British Culture Secretary Maria Miller. ](/news/2012/12/13/britain-s-parliamentary-commissioner-for-standards-launches-an-investigation-into-expenses-claimed-by-british-culture-secretary-maria-miller.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
