### [2012-04-27](/news/2012/04/27/index.md)

# Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. 

Widows and children of the former al-Qaeda chief arrive in the kingdom after being deported from Pakistan.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia/2012/04/2012426183958915646.html)

### Related:

1. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
2. [Syrian civil war: Syrian officers reports that Syrian Army kills senior Saudi Arabian al-Qaeda commander Abu Malik al-Shahri, who is known as 'Bin Laden of Syria', in outskirt of Latakia. ](/news/2013/08/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-officers-reports-that-syrian-army-kills-senior-saudi-arabian-al-qaeda-commander-abu-malik-al-shahri-who-is-known-a.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Saudi Arabia, al-Qaeda_
3. [Death of Osama bin Laden:: President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
4. [ War on Terrorism:: The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]: A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/war-on-terrorism-the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-q.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
5. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Pakistan arrests 97 people allegedly involved in terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Jhangvi who were allegedly plotting a variety of attacks including a plan to get Daniel Pearl's killer out of prison. ](/news/2016/02/12/pakistan-arrests-97-people-allegedly-involved-in-terrorist-groups-such-as-al-qaeda-and-lashkar-e-jhangvi-who-were-allegedly-plotting-a-varie.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
7. [Islamic Military Alliance: Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country-s ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia-s military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/islamic-military-alliance-pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
9. [2015 military intervention in Yemen: Pakistan sends a Boeing 747 to evacuate Pakistani nationals concerned about their security. The plane will be allowed into the country despite the no-fly zone declared by Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/03/29/2015-military-intervention-in-yemen-pakistan-sends-a-boeing-747-to-evacuate-pakistani-nationals-concerned-about-their-security-the-plane-w.md) _Context: Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:: A U.S. drone strike kills eight Uzbek people claimed to be linked with al-Qaeda in Pakistan. ](/news/2015/01/4/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-eight-uzbek-people-claimed-to-be-linked-with-al-qaeda-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
