### [2013-05-2](/news/2013/05/2/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Up to 100 people are killed in a raid of al-Bayda, Baniyas by the Syrian Army. 

Fierce clashes between troops and rebels erupted on Thursday for the first time in a Sunni Muslim village in Syria&#39;s Alawite-majority coastal region of Banias, killing dozens, including soldiers, a watchdog said.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2013/May-02/215831-up-to-100-feared-dead-in-syrian-massacre-monitoring-group.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. East Aleppo offensive (February 2017). CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/syrian-civil-war-east-aleppo-offensive-february-2017-cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-det.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (2017). The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-e.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Siege of Wadi Barada. The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The bodies of over 100 Syrian Army POWs are reportedly found in what was the last rebel held territory of East Aleppo. Syrian Army officers claim they were executed by rebel forces. ](/news/2016/12/23/syrian-civil-war-the-bodies-of-over-100-syrian-army-pows-are-reportedly-found-in-what-was-the-last-rebel-held-territory-of-east-aleppo-syr.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-16). The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obse.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
