### [2013-05-2](/news/2013/05/2/index.md)

# Voting also gets underway in the South Shields by-election to fill the parliamentary seat vacated by former Foreign Secretary David Miliband. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-tyne-22371200)

### Related:

1. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
2. [ The United Kingdom Foreign Secretary, David Miliband, is asked to explain how four Chinese detainees from Guantanamo Bay were released to Bermuda without the knowledge of Whitehall. ](/news/2009/06/12/the-united-kingdom-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-is-asked-to-explain-how-four-chinese-detainees-from-guanta-namo-bay-were-released-to.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
3. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs David Miliband visit Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-david-mili.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
4. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
5. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
6. [British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. ](/news/2015/10/29/british-foreign-secretary-philip-hammond-says-74-year-old-karl-andree-who-was-facing-350-lashes-in-saudi-arabia-after-being-caught-with-hom.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
7. [Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.](/news/2015/02/22/two-former-british-foreign-secretaries-jack-straw-and-sir-malcolm-rifkind-become-embroiled-in-a-cash-for-access-scandal-the-two-deny-any.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
8. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [William Hague, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, commences a two day tour of Myanmar. ](/news/2012/01/5/william-hague-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-commences-a-two-day-tour-of-myanmar.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
10. [British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/british-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations-he-has-met-senior-news-international-exec.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
