### [2011-06-6](/news/2011/06/6/index.md)

# A European Union delegation visits North Korea to investigate claims of food shortages. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap News](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/06/06/0200000000AEN20110606001400315.HTML)

### Related:

1. [2013 North Korean nuclear test:: In reaction to North Korea's latest nuclear test the European Union will tighten sanctions against the country in the form of blocking the trade of gold and diamonds, as well as cracking down on financial ties between them. ](/news/2013/02/15/2013-north-korean-nuclear-test-in-reaction-to-north-korea-s-latest-nuclear-test-the-european-union-will-tighten-sanctions-against-the-coun.md) _Context: European Union, North Korea_
2. [Crime in North Korea: North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
3. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
4. [The Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the-u-s-m.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [2017 North Korea crisis: The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [Poland in the European Union: The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: European Union_
