### [2011-06-6](/news/2011/06/6/index.md)

# Hacker group Lulz Security claims to have again compromised Sony's online security system and posted the results online. 

Hackers calling themselves Lulz Security said on Monday that they had broken into Sony Corp computer systems again, and posted the results on the Internet.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/06/us-toni-cybersecurity-sony-idUSTRE75563L20110606)

### Related:

1. [Japanese electronics company Sony reduces sales and profit forecasts due to the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, a computer hacking attack and slowing demand in the US and Europe. ](/news/2011/07/28/japanese-electronics-company-sony-reduces-sales-and-profit-forecasts-due-to-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-a-computer-hacking-atta.md) _Context: Sony, hackers_
2. [CNET reports that a group of computer hackers is planning another cyberattack against Sony over its handling of the PlayStation Network outage. ](/news/2011/05/6/cnet-reports-that-a-group-of-computer-hackers-is-planning-another-cyberattack-against-sony-over-its-handling-of-the-playstation-network-outa.md) _Context: Sony, hackers_
3. [Sony advises that hackers may have stolen personal details of 24.6 million users of Sony Online Entertainment resulting in the site closing. ](/news/2011/05/2/sony-advises-that-hackers-may-have-stolen-personal-details-of-24-6-million-users-of-sony-online-entertainment-resulting-in-the-site-closing.md) _Context: Sony, hackers_
4. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: hackers_
5. [Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers  installed malware in the  bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-last-month-s-attempt-to-steal-nearly-1.md) _Context: hackers_
6. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
7. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system  that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-num.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [''Smart Sheriff'', the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-ser.md) _Context: hackers_
9. [Sony announces $278.2 million in net profits for the quarter ending Sept. 30, beating market expectations. ](/news/2015/10/29/sony-announces-278-2-million-in-net-profits-for-the-quarter-ending-sept-30-beating-market-expectations.md) _Context: Sony_
10. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: hackers_
