### [2007-10-21](/news/2007/10/21/index.md)

#  2007 California fires: At least nine wildfires burn out of control in Southern California leading to the death of a San Diego man. 

Fast-moving wildfires roared across California on Monday and engulfed large swaths of San Diego County, where 250,000 people were told to evacuate as state officials called in National Guard troops.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/heraldsun/story/0,21985,22626779-661,00.html)
2. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,22627608-2,00.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN2132897520071022?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [2017 heat wave in EuropeFirefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/2017-heat-wave-in-europepfirefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: wildfire_
2. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Southern California_
3. [At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/at-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-dolly-parton-s-dollywood-resort.md) _Context: wildfire_
4. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: wildfire_
5. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire  in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area  are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-00.md) _Context: wildfire_
6. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: wildfire_
7. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: wildfire_
8. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: Southern California_
9. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: wildfire_
10. [ Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the ''Los Angeles Times''  and ''The San Diego Union-Tribune'', wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, ''Orange County Register'', published in Santa Ana, and ''The Press-Enterprise'', headquartered in  Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. ](/news/2016/03/17/tribune-publishing-an-american-company-whose-southern-california-media-holdings-include-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-san-diego-uni.md) _Context: Southern California_
