### [2007-10-21](/news/2007/10/21/index.md)

#  Polish Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski is conceding defeat as exit polls give Donald Tusk's Civic Platform a large lead over his ruling nationalists in the parliamentary elections. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7054912.stm)
2. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2007-10-21-voa24.cfm)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. ](/news/2011/10/9/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-prime-minister-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-a-polish-people-s-party-co.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
2. [ Donald Tusk, leader of the Civic Platform party, is sworn in as Prime Minister of Poland in coalition with the Polish People's Party. ](/news/2007/11/16/donald-tusk-leader-of-the-civic-platform-party-is-sworn-in-as-prime-minister-of-poland-in-coalition-with-the-polish-people-s-party.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
3. [ In the Polish presidential election, frontrunner Donald Tusk of the liberal (libertarian) Civic Platform party receives approximately 35.8% of the vote, slightly ahead of Lech Kaczynski of the conservative Law and Justice Party with 33.3%. A run-off election between Tusk and Kaczynski will take place on October 23. ](/news/2005/10/9/in-the-polish-presidential-election-frontrunner-donald-tusk-of-the-liberal-libertarian-civic-platform-party-receives-approximately-35-8.md) _Context: Civic Platform, Donald Tusk_
4. [Crowds blocked all Polish parliament exits protesting the Polish ruling Law and Justice Party's allegedly illegal 2017 budget that was approved in a vote outside of the assembly's main chamber. Earlier, the opposition Civic Platform Party stopped parliamentary proceedings on the budget because of new rules on media access. Police have beaten several protesters. According to opposition Civic Platform MP Agnieszka Pomaska, ruling party Law and Justice leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski snatched her phone. ](/news/2016/12/16/crowds-blocked-all-polish-parliament-exits-protesting-the-polish-ruling-law-and-justice-party-s-allegedly-illegal-2017-budget-that-was-appro.md) _Context: Civic Platform_
5. [President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk-could-begin-its-formal-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-european-union-early.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
6. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
7. [European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announce-sweden-will-ask-to-tra.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
8. [Former Polish prime minister Donald Tusk becomes the second full-time President of the European Union. ](/news/2014/12/1/former-polish-prime-minister-donald-tusk-becomes-the-second-full-time-president-of-the-european-union.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
9. [Poland's parliamentary speaker, Radoslaw Sikorski, says that Russian President Vladimir Putin proposed to Poland's then leader Donald Tusk in 2008 that they divide Ukraine between themselves. Sikorski later retracted the claim stating he had "mis-remembered". ](/news/2014/10/21/poland-s-parliamentary-speaker-radoslaw-sikorski-says-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-proposed-to-poland-s-then-leader-donald-tusk-i.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
10. [Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, is chosen as the President of the European Council, while Federica Mogherini is chosen as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. ](/news/2014/08/30/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-is-chosen-as-the-president-of-the-european-council-while-federica-mogherini-is-chosen-as-the-hig.md) _Context: Donald Tusk_
