### [2007-10-21](/news/2007/10/21/index.md)

#  Speaking at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, United States Vice President Dick Cheney states: "The United States joins other nations in sending a clear message - we will not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon." 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7055784.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear warheads_
2. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warns that it could arm its allies in the Gulf and extend a "defense umbrella" over the region, if Iran goes nuclear. ](/news/2009/07/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-warns-that-it-could-arm-its-allies-in-the-gulf-and-extend-a-defense-umbrella-over-the-region-if.md) _Context: Iran, United States, nuclear warheads_
3. [ Head of the CIA Leon Panetta accuses former United States Vice President Dick Cheney of hiding an intelligence program from Congress. ](/news/2009/07/12/head-of-the-cia-leon-panetta-accuses-former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-hiding-an-intelligence-program-from-congress.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President, United States_
4. [ War in Iraq: United States Vice President Dick Cheney visits Baghdad, three days before the fifth anniversary of the 2003 invasion. ](/news/2008/03/17/war-in-iraq-p-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-visits-baghdad-three-days-before-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2003-invasion.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President, United States_
5. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney warns Iran that "all options are on the table" if it continues to defy the international community about its nuclear program. ](/news/2007/02/24/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-warns-iran-that-all-options-are-on-the-table-if-it-continues-to-defy-the-international-co.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Iran, U.S. Vice President_
6. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President, United States_
7. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
8. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
10. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
