### [2010-05-31](/news/2010/05/31/index.md)

# An undersea volcano erupts near Sarigan, Northern Mariana Islands, sending an eruption cloud 40,000 feet into the atmosphere, prompting Governor Benigno Fitial to declare a state of emergency. 




### Source:

1. [Saipan Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?cat=1&newsID=100077)
2. [The Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704366504575278212516510890.html)

### Related:

1. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
2. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial is impeached by the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives on 13 charges of felony, corruption, and neglect of duty. ](/news/2013/02/11/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-is-impeached-by-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-representatives-on-13-charges.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [A resolution of impeachment against Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial is defeated in the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives with 9 votes in favor of impeachment, 10 against; 14 were required. ](/news/2012/10/17/a-resolution-of-impeachment-against-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-is-defeated-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-re.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial and Guam Governor Eddie Calvo state that they are in serious talks to potentially merge the U.S. territories of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2011/07/19/northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-and-guam-governor-eddie-calvo-state-that-they-are-in-serious-talks-to-potentially-merge-the.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
5. [ Incumbent Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party is declared the winner of the 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff over Republican Rep. Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/12/7/incumbent-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-of-the-covenant-party-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-2009-gubernatorial-election.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [ The Northern Mariana Islands election commission sets November 23 as the guberntorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/11/9/the-northern-mariana-islands-election-commission-sets-november-23-as-the-guberntorial-runoff-election-between-governor-benigno-fitial-and-c.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
7. [ In the Northern Mariana Islands' first ever runoff, incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party leads Republican Party Rep. Heinz Hofschneider by 501 votes. ](/news/2009/11/24/in-the-northern-mariana-islands-first-ever-runoff-incumbent-governor-benigno-fitial-of-the-covenant-party-leads-republican-party-rep-hei.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
8. [ Voters in the Northern Mariana Islands participate in the Commonwealth's first ever gubernatorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. Hofschneider had bested Fitial in the first round by just 8 votes on November 7, the closest gubernatorial election in history. ](/news/2009/11/23/voters-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-participate-in-the-commonwealth-s-first-ever-gubernatorial-runoff-election-between-governor-benigno.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
9. [The La Tuna fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: state of emergency_
10. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: state of emergency_
