### [2010-05-31](/news/2010/05/31/index.md)

# Colombia's former Minister of National Defence, Juan Manuel Santos, wins the first round of the country's presidential election, but without the majority needed to avoid a June run-off with rival Antanas Mockus 




### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/05/201053023828556716.html)

### Related:

1. [Colombian presidential election, 2010:. In the runoff of the presidential elections in Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos from the Party of the U defeats his Green Party adversary Antanas Mockus, getting around 70% of the votes. ](/news/2010/06/20/colombian-presidential-election-2010-in-the-runoff-of-the-presidential-elections-in-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-from-the-party-of-the-u.md) _Context: Antanas Mockus, Colombian presidential election, Juan Manuel Santos_
2. [ Colombia:. According to the Colombian Minister of Defense, Juan Manuel Santos, FARC founder and commander Tirofijo died on March 26. ](/news/2008/05/24/colombia-according-to-the-colombian-minister-of-defense-juan-manuel-santos-farc-founder-and-commander-tirofijo-died-on-march-26.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, Minister of National Defence_
3. [ Colombian Ministry of National Defense Juan Manuel Santos says the government will pay US$2.5 million to Pedro Pablo Montoya, the FARC rebel who killed Ivn Ros. ](/news/2008/03/14/colombian-ministry-of-national-defense-juan-manuel-santos-says-the-government-will-pay-us-2-5-million-to-pedro-pablo-montoya-the-farc-rebe.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, Minister of National Defence_
4. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize. Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-nobel-peace-prize-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-receives-his-award-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize. The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-nobel-peace-prize-the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-effor.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Referendum. Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016. FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [Colombian conflict. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces the discovery of the Spanish galleon San Jose which sunk off that country-s coast over 300 years ago. The discovery was a joint venture between Colombia and U.S. firm Sea Search Armada, which filed a lawsuit when Colombia claimed the wreck as a heritage site. The wreck-s cargo is placed somewhere in the $4 to $17 billion range. ](/news/2015/12/5/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-the-discovery-of-the-spanish-galleon-san-josa-c-which-sunk-off-that-country-s-coast-over-3.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos_
