### [2010-05-31](/news/2010/05/31/index.md)

# In the International Atomic Energy Agency's report before the United Nations Security Council votes on sanctions against Iran, international nuclear inspectors state that Iran has now produced a stockpile of nuclear fuel that would be enough, with further enrichment, to make two nuclear weapons, and it appears to bolster the Obama administration's case for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran. 

The report appears likely to bolster the Obama administration’s case for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran. 


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/01/world/middleeast/01nuke.html)
2. [Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2010/may/31/report-iran-mum-but-making-nuke-material/)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency votes to report Syria to the United Nations Security Council over its alleged covert nuclear programme. ](/news/2011/06/9/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-votes-to-report-syria-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-its-alleged-covert-nuclear-programm.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, United Nations Security Council, nuclear programme_
2. [Iran rejects a deal offered by the International Atomic Energy Agency to exchange low-enriched uranium for nuclear fuel. ](/news/2010/01/19/iran-rejects-a-deal-offered-by-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-to-exchange-low-enriched-uranium-for-nuclear-fuel.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear fuel_
3. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency has deferred until Saturday a vote on whether to report Iran to the UN Security Council over concerns its nuclear programs may produce weapons. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-has-deferred-until-saturday-a-vote-on-whether-to-report-iran-to-the-un-security-council-over-concern.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, against_
5. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
6. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran_
7. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
8. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran_
9. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible.  ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran_
10. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.  It's not known if the Security Council will take any action.  ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
