### [2008-05-23](/news/2008/05/23/index.md)

#  Hu Jintao, the President of China, and the President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev condemn the United States' National missile defense system. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gwqURP-D0bVH384fXzZHYN-yO4VwD90RAQGO2)

### Related:

1. [Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Russia, warns of a potential new Cold War if the United States does not listen to Russia's concerns about its proposed missile defense system. ](/news/2011/05/18/dmitry-medvedev-the-president-of-russia-warns-of-a-potential-new-cold-war-if-the-united-states-does-not-listen-to-russia-s-concerns-about.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia President, United States_
2. [Chinese President Hu Jintao begins a four-day state visit to the United States. ](/news/2011/01/18/chinese-president-hu-jintao-begins-a-four-day-state-visit-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chinese President, Hu Jintao, United States_
3. [United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev sign a new arms reduction treaty that will cut both countries' arsenals by a third. ](/news/2010/04/8/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-sign-a-new-arms-reduction-treaty-that-will-cut-both-countries-ar.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia President, United States_
4. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev accuses the United States of "blocking" Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/09/15/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-accuses-the-united-states-of-blocking-russia-s-accession-to-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia President, United States_
5. [ United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev agree on cutting their nuclear warheads and cooperate on military action in Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/07/6/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-agree-on-cutting-their-nuclear-warheads-and-cooperate-on-militar.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russia President, United States_
6. [ The President of Russia Vladimir Putin threatens to renounce the Cold War-era INF Treaty while calling on the United States to abandon a proposed European missile shield in talks with the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defence Robert Gates. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-threatens-to-renounce-the-cold-war-era-inf-treaty-while-calling-on-the-united-states-to-abandon-a-pr.md) _Context: Russia President, United States, missile interceptor_
7. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: Russia President, United States, missile interceptor_
8. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Russia President, United States_
9. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, United States_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Russia President, United States_
