### [2008-05-23](/news/2008/05/23/index.md)

#  The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon states that Myanmar's State Peace and Development Council has decided to grant access to areas worst hit by Cyclone Nargis to international aid workers regardless of nationality. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aQQqXRnRKwOk&refer=home)

### Related:

1. [ The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon hosts a conference in Myanmar with representatives of 50 nations on how to aid in recovery from Cyclone Nargis. ](/news/2008/05/25/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-hosts-a-conference-in-myanmar-with-representatives-of-50-nations-on-how-to-aid-in-r.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Cyclone Nargis, Myanmar, Secretary General_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrives in Burma, meeting junta leader Senior General Than Shwe and calling for the release of political prisoners. ](/news/2009/07/3/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-arrives-in-burma-meeting-junta-leader-senior-general-than-shwe-and-calling-for-the-release-of.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, State Peace and Development Council_
3. [ Cyclone Nargis: Myanmar's State Peace and Development Council declares that five states in the Irrawaddy River delta are a disaster area following the cyclone with at least 351 deaths. ](/news/2008/05/4/cyclone-nargis-myanmar-s-state-peace-and-development-council-declares-that-five-states-in-the-irrawaddy-river-delta-are-a-disaster-area-fo.md) _Context: Cyclone Nargis, Myanmar, State Peace and Development Council_
4. [ Cyclone Nargis: The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon leaves for Burma calling the situation critical. ](/news/2008/05/20/cyclone-nargis-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-leaves-for-burma-calling-the-situation-critical.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Cyclone Nargis, Secretary General_
5. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Cyclone Nargis, State Peace and Development Council_
6. [Yemeni civil war: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/yemeni-civil-war-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-b.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016: Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-unit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
8. [Burundian unrest (2015-present): The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Syria peace talks in Vienna: U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
