### [2005-04-2](/news/2005/04/2/index.md)

#  Pope John Paul II died at 9:37 p.m. Vatican time (CEST) at the age of 84, thus beginning the period of "Sede vacante". (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [Pope John Paul II is beatified by Pope Benedict XVI in Saint Peter's Square, Rome. ](/news/2011/05/1/pope-john-paul-ii-is-beatified-by-pope-benedict-xvi-in-saint-peter-s-square-rome.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
2. [Mehmet Ali Agca, the man who shot Pope John Paul II in May 1981, is released from a Turkish prison after almost 30 years behind bars. ](/news/2010/01/18/mehmet-ali-aaca-the-man-who-shot-pope-john-paul-ii-in-may-1981-is-released-from-a-turkish-prison-after-almost-30-years-behind-bars.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
3. [ Pope Benedict XVI declares two of his predecessors, John Paul II and Pius XII to be Venerable, the second step toward sainthood. ](/news/2009/12/19/pope-benedict-xvi-declares-two-of-his-predecessors-john-paul-ii-and-pius-xii-to-be-venerable-the-second-step-toward-sainthood.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
4. [ The Vatican announced that the late Pope, John Paul II, is to be beatified. This is the first step to becoming a saint. ](/news/2005/05/13/the-vatican-announced-that-the-late-pope-john-paul-ii-is-to-be-beatified-this-is-the-first-step-to-becoming-a-saint.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
5. [ Cuba announces three days of national mourning for Pope John Paul II. ](/news/2005/04/4/cuba-announces-three-days-of-national-mourning-for-pope-john-paul-ii.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
6. [ Pope John Paul II lies in state in the Clementine Room of the Apostolic Palace for a private viewing, a ceremony to confirm and certify the death of the "Pontifex Maximus". ](/news/2005/04/3/pope-john-paul-ii-lies-in-state-in-the-clementine-room-of-the-apostolic-palace-for-a-private-viewing-a-ceremony-to-confirm-and-certify-the.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
7. [ Pope John Paul II is on the verge of death as a result of his recent health problems. The Vatican announces that the pope has suffered cardiovascular collapse and septic shock. ](/news/2005/04/1/pope-john-paul-ii-is-on-the-verge-of-death-as-a-result-of-his-recent-health-problems-the-vatican-announces-that-the-pope-has-suffered-card.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
8. [ Pope John Paul&nbsp;II beatifies five persons, including Anne Catherine Emmerich, a German nun, and Karl&nbsp;I, last emperor of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, in a ceremony in Rome. John Paul&nbsp;II has made a total of 1,340 beatifications (including today's), more than all previous popes combined. ](/news/2004/10/3/pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-beatifies-five-persons-including-anne-catherine-emmerich-a-german-nun-and-karl-nbsp-i-last-emperor-of-the-austro.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
9. [The Vatican announces that Pope John Paul&nbsp;II has accepted the resignation of Boston's Cardinal Bernard Francis Law due to widespread outcry among Boston Catholics over Law's role in covering up pedophilia-related and other sex crimes among priests in his diocese.](/news/2002/12/13/the-vatican-announces-that-pope-john-paul-nbsp-ii-has-accepted-the-resignation-of-boston-s-cardinal-bernard-francis-law-due-to-widespread-ou.md) _Context: Pope, Pope John Paul II_
10. [Pope Francis becomes the first Pope ever to address a Joint Session of the United States Congress. Afterwards, he greets onlookers at the National Mall. He addresses many issues: abortion and the sanctity of life, the importance of the family and of marriage, climate change, immigration and the refugee crises caused by global unrest, proper business conduct, and worldwide abolition of capital punishment. ](/news/2015/09/24/pope-francis-becomes-the-first-pope-ever-to-address-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-afterwards-he-greets-onlookers-at-the-na.md) _Context: Pope_
