### [2006-11-17](/news/2006/11/17/index.md)

#  Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev calls on the Government to switch the alphabet used in the Kazakh language from Cyrillic letters to Latin. 

Kazakhstan is contemplating a switch to the Latin alphabet. With the President Nursultan Nazarbayev himself raising it, observers think it may well become reality. Addressing the Assembly of Peoples 


### Source:

1. [EurasiaNet](http://www.eurasianet.org/departments/insight/articles/eav111706b.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ Rakhat Aliyev, son-in-law of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and First Vice Foreign Minister, is demoted to ambassador to Austria for the second time amid accusations he stole money from Nurbank bank and alleged involvement in the kidnapping and murdering of two Nurbank officials. ](/news/2007/02/11/rakhat-aliyev-son-in-law-of-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-and-first-vice-foreign-minister-is-demoted-to-ambassador-to-austria-for.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
2. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev nominates Deputy Prime Minister Karim Masimov for Prime Minister. The Parliament will convene on 10 January to vote on the nomination. ](/news/2007/01/9/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-nominates-deputy-prime-minister-karim-masimov-for-prime-minister-the-parliament-will-convene-on-10-j.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
3. [ Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev condemns the Iranian government for acting "as the center of growing insecurity in Asia" by supporting terrorism, weapons and drug trafficking, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and illegal migration. The Foreign Ministry later says news agencies misquoted him. ](/news/2006/12/19/kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-condemns-the-iranian-government-for-acting-as-the-center-of-growing-insecurity-in-asia-by-supportin.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
4. [ Ukrainian Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych arrives in Kazakhstan. He plans on meeting with Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and Prime Minister Daniyal Akhmetov. ](/news/2006/12/13/ukrainian-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-arrives-in-kazakhstan-he-plans-on-meeting-with-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-and-prime.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
5. [ Dariga Nazarbayeva, daughter of Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, says it is time for Kazakhstan to "stop behaving like an obedient colony that bows to a foreign gentleman," referring to Lakshmi Mittal of Arcelor Mittal, "whose name appears on the "Forbes" magazine list." ](/news/2006/10/21/dariga-nazarbayeva-daughter-of-kazakh-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-says-it-is-time-for-kazakhstan-to-stop-behaving-like-an-obedient-co.md) _Context: Kazakh President, Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
6. [Voting is underway in today's parliamentary election in the former Soviet republic. President Nursultan Nazarbayev's Nur Otan party is expected to win easily, and retain control of the 107-seat Mazhilis, the lower house of parliament. The recent crackdown on political activists and media dims chances this election will be the first judged free and fair by Western observers. ](/news/2016/03/20/voting-is-underway-in-today-s-parliamentary-election-in-the-former-soviet-republic-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-s-nur-otan-party-is-expec.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
7. [Voters in Kazakhstan go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Nursultan Nazarbayev winning with 97.7 percent of the vote. He has been ruling the country since 1984 in one form or another. ](/news/2015/04/26/voters-in-kazakhstan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-winning-with-97-7-percent-of.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
8. [Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. ](/news/2014/12/22/kazakhstan-renews-its-military-cooperation-with-ukraine-to-which-it-promises-vital-supplies-of-coal-following-a-visit-to-kiev-by-the-kazak.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
9. [Nursultan Nazarbayev is sworn in as President of Kazakhstan for another five year term, in a vote criticized as flawed. ](/news/2011/04/8/nursultan-nazarbayev-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-kazakhstan-for-another-five-year-term-in-a-vote-criticized-as-flawed.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
10. [A presidential election takes place in Kazakhstan, with President Nursultan Nazarbayev winning 95% of the vote. ](/news/2011/04/3/a-presidential-election-takes-place-in-kazakhstan-with-president-nursultan-nazarbayev-winning-95-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Nursultan Nazarbayev's_
