### [2006-11-17](/news/2006/11/17/index.md)

#  President of the United States George W. Bush and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard discuss Iraq strategy over lunch. The two leaders are attending an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Hanoi. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200611/s1790735.htm)

### Related:

1. [ APEC: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs a uranium deal with the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard before meeting with the President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/09/7/apec-p-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-a-uranium-deal-with-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-before-meeting-with-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia, United States President_
2. [  The Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and the President of the United States George W. Bush agree to discuss upgrading the defense relationship with Australia to enjoy the same access to US military technology as the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-agree-to-discuss-upgrading-the-defense-r.md) _Context: George W. Bush, John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia, United States President_
3. [ War in Iraq: U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/war-in-iraq-p-u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
4. [ Iraq War: On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. ](/news/2007/05/1/iraq-war-p-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-his-mission-accomplished-speech-president-george-w-bush-citing-the-provisions-setting-a-deadli.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
5. [ Iraq War: The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of withdrawing all U.S. troops from Iraq by August 2008. President Bush promises to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/03/23/iraq-war-p-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-withdrawing-all-u-s-troops-from-iraq-by-august-2008-president-bus.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
6. [ Iraq War: Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/iraq-war-p-democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush delivers the State of the Union Address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress (the House of Representatives and the Senate).  Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-delivers-the-state-of-the-union-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
9. [ The President of the United States, George W. Bush, acknowledges the deaths of approximately 30,000 Iraqi civilians since the commencement of the Iraq War. ](/news/2005/12/13/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-acknowledges-the-deaths-of-approximately-30-000-iraqi-civilians-since-the-commencement.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq War, United States President_
10. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
