### [2006-11-17](/news/2006/11/17/index.md)

#  The Government of the Netherlands announces it will introduce a bill banning the wearing of the burqa in public, stating that burqas disturb public order, citizens and safety. About 5% of the Dutch population is Muslim, but only a small percentage of those wear the burqa. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/6159046.stm)

### Related:

1. [Police issue a French Muslim woman with a fine of EUR22 for wearing a burqa while driving in Nantes, causing controversy and threatening her husband's status. ](/news/2010/04/23/police-issue-a-french-muslim-woman-with-a-fine-of-a-22-for-wearing-a-burqa-while-driving-in-nantes-causing-controversy-and-threatening-her.md) _Context: Muslim, burqa_
2. [The Bundestag approves a ban on burqas being worn by members of the German civil service. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-bundestag-approves-a-ban-on-burqas-being-worn-by-members-of-the-german-civil-service.md) _Context: burqa_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
4. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces,  part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party  and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government.  ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democr.md) _Context: burqa_
5. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim_
6. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim_
7. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
8. [The top cleric of Saudi Arabia says Iranians "are not Muslims." ](/news/2016/09/7/the-top-cleric-of-saudi-arabia-says-iranians-are-not-muslims.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant bans burqas in northern Iraq after a series of fatal attacks on its members by veiled women. ](/news/2016/09/6/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-bans-burqas-in-northern-iraq-after-a-series-of-fatal-attacks-on-its-members-by-veiled-women.md) _Context: burqa_
10. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the  ''Msichana Initiative'', a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during  a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiat.md) _Context: Muslim_
