### [2005-04-6](/news/2005/04/6/index.md)

#  The Movement for Democratic Change, the opposition party in Zimbabwe, presents 'proof of fraud' in the recent parliamentary elections that kept Robert Mugabe and the ruling Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front in office. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4416311.stm)

### Related:

1. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [ Movement for Democratic Change President Morgan Tsvangirai agrees to become Zimbabwe's Prime Minister on February 11 in a deal with President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2009/01/31/movement-for-democratic-change-president-morgan-tsvangirai-agrees-to-become-zimbabwe-s-prime-minister-on-february-11-in-a-deal-with-preside.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [ Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change states that power-sharing talks with President Robert Mugabe have failed to reach an agreement. ](/news/2008/10/17/morgan-tsvangirai-of-zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-states-that-power-sharing-talks-with-president-robert-mugabe-have-failed-to.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [ Zimbabweans go to the polls for a runoff election with the President of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe expected to be reelected following the withdrawal of Morgan Tsvangarai of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change. ](/news/2008/06/27/zimbabweans-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-with-the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-expected-to-be-reelected-following-the-withd.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [ Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change defeats Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF in the Zimbabean "'parliamentary"' elections. ](/news/2008/04/2/morgan-tsvangirai-s-movement-for-democratic-change-defeats-robert-mugabe-s-zanu-pf-in-the-zimbabean-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [ Leading opponents of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, including Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, and four other members of parliament and party activists, are arrested for defying a ban on protest rallies in Harare. Riot police shoot one activist dead. ](/news/2007/03/11/leading-opponents-of-zimbabwe-s-president-robert-mugabe-including-morgan-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-fou.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [ In Zimbabwe, state prosecutors dropped treason charges against opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai. Mr Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, was accused of organising mass protests in 2003 to overthrow Robert Mugabe's controversial regime. ](/news/2005/08/2/in-zimbabwe-state-prosecutors-dropped-treason-charges-against-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-mr-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-f.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [ Zimbabwe parliamentary elections, 2005: In Zimbabwe, the ruling Zanu-PF gains a two-thirds majority over opposition party Movement for Democratic Change amidst claims of dis-enfranchisement and fraud. ](/news/2005/04/1/zimbabwe-parliamentary-elections-2005-in-zimbabwe-the-ruling-zanu-pf-gains-a-two-thirds-majority-over-opposition-party-movement-for-demo.md) _Context: Movement for Democratic Change, Zimbabwe, parliamentary elections_
10. [ The elections in Zimbabwe have proceeded with large queues seen at many polling stations. No violence has been reported, and Incumbent president Robert Mugabe of the ZANU-PF party has declared the elections to be free and fair. Opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai of the party MDC, disputes this, but still believes his party will win. The election has already been branded unfair by both the U.S. and the EU and their observers have been barred from monitoring the poll. Results are expected in two days.](/news/2005/03/31/the-elections-in-zimbabwe-have-proceeded-with-large-queues-seen-at-many-polling-stations-no-violence-has-been-reported-and-incumbent-pres.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, parliamentary elections_
