### [2017-09-25](/news/2017/09/25/index.md)

# United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the most recent effort to repeal Obamacare. 

A last-ditch ObamaCare repeal effort by Republicans was all but dead on Monday after Sen. Susan Collins became the third Republican to oppose the measure.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/352342-third-gop-senator-opposes-new-obamacare-repeal-killing-bill-ahead-of)
1. [Cover Image](http://thehill.com/sites/default/files/collinssusan_072017gn_lead.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Americans, John McCain_
2. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Americans, Rand Paul_
3. [ Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mccain-becoming-the-first-african-am.md) _Context: Americans, John McCain_
4. [ United States Senator and Republican candidate to the 2008 presidential election John McCain makes a surprise visit to Iraq. ](/news/2008/03/16/united-states-senator-and-republican-candidate-to-the-2008-presidential-election-john-mccain-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq.md) _Context: Americans, John McCain_
5. [ A suspicious brown substance is found in envelope at the Virginia Supreme Court building in Richmond, Virginia, United States, on the same day that Senator John McCain (R-AZ) speaks at the Jefferson Hotel. ](/news/2007/02/12/a-suspicious-brown-substance-is-found-in-envelope-at-the-virginia-supreme-court-building-in-richmond-virginia-united-states-on-the-same.md) _Context: Americans, John McCain_
6. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Americans Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash, and Michael W. Young the prize for their work on molecular mechanisms that control circadian systems. ](/news/2017/10/2/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-americans-jeffrey-c-hall-michael-rosbash-and-michael-w-young-the-prize-for-their-work-on-molecular-mech.md) _Context: Americans_
7. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: Americans_
8. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Americans_
9. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Americans_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Senator John McCain says the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: John McCain_
