### [2017-09-25](/news/2017/09/25/index.md)

# Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. 

The US and Britain are both opposed to the &quot;destabilising&quot; vote, arguing it distracts from the fight against Islamic State,


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/kurdish-independence-referendum-in-iraq-fuels-violence-fears-11051207)
1. [Cover Image](https://e3.365dm.com/17/09/1600x900/4e03ea3dfd0d1984b1ef215a8a7e47b93f2e0576d8b27174983b46aa429537e5_4109410.jpg?20170924104023)

### Related:

1. [The result of a non-binding independence referendum by Iraqi Kurdistan will to be announced within 72 hours. The vote is widely expected to be in favor of independence. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-result-of-a-non-binding-independence-referendum-by-iraqi-kurdistan-will-to-be-announced-within-72-hours-the-vote-is-widely-expected-to.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum, 2017_
2. [Iranian forces launch a military exercise near the border of Iraqi Kurdistan, hours before a Kurdish vote on independence from Iraq. Turkey is also conducting a military exercise in the region. ](/news/2017/09/24/iranian-forces-launch-a-military-exercise-near-the-border-of-iraqi-kurdistan-hours-before-a-kurdish-vote-on-independence-from-iraq-turkey.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Iraqi Kurdistan independence referendum, 2017_
3. [Senior Kurdish and Shi'ite Muslim leaders agree to withdraw from Tuz Khurmato, Iraq, where recent violence has killed more than 10 people. ](/news/2016/04/27/senior-kurdish-and-shi-ite-muslim-leaders-agree-to-withdraw-from-tuz-khurmato-iraq-where-recent-violence-has-killed-more-than-10-people.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
4. [Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-security-risks.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
5. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
6. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
8. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
9. [Muslim rioters attack liquor stores and massage parlours in Zakho in the Kurdistan region of northern Iraq after Friday prayers. The attacks later extended to include Christian owned shops and businesses in other cities including Dohuk and Simele. ](/news/2011/12/2/muslim-rioters-attack-liquor-stores-and-massage-parlours-in-zakho-in-the-kurdistan-region-of-northern-iraq-after-friday-prayers-the-attacks.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
10. [Turkish warplanes carry out a series of airstrikes against suspected Kurdish targets in Iraq and Turkish soldiers withdraw from Iraqi territory after sending troops in pursuit of Kurdish rebels in the latest fighting between Turkey and Kurdish rebels. ](/news/2010/06/17/turkish-warplanes-carry-out-a-series-of-airstrikes-against-suspected-kurdish-targets-in-iraq-and-turkish-soldiers-withdraw-from-iraqi-territ.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
