### [2011-08-10](/news/2011/08/10/index.md)

# Former "News of the World" news editor Greg Miskiw is arrested, then later bailed as the investigation into phone-hacking continues. 

A 61-year-old man, believed to be former News of the World news editor Greg Miskiw, has been released on bail after he was arrested in the phone-hacking probe, Scotland Yard says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14480268)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/53726000/jpg/_53726103_012082643-2.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-gbp600-000-us-950-000-with-ru.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-whi.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [Former "News of the World" managing editor Stuart Kuttner is arrested and later bailed as part of the ongoing investigation into phone hacking. ](/news/2011/08/2/former-news-of-the-world-managing-editor-stuart-kuttner-is-arrested-and-later-bailed-as-part-of-the-ongoing-investigation-into-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [British Home Secretary Theresa May will address MPs on Monday following revelations that the Metropolitan Police hired former "News of the World" deputy editor Neil Wallis to give PR advice. ](/news/2011/07/17/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-will-address-mps-on-monday-following-revelations-that-the-metropolitan-police-hired-former-news-of-the-w.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world.md) _Context: News of the World_
10. [April Casburn, a senior detective with the Metropolitan Police is found guilty of trying to sell information on the investigation into phone hacking to the "News of the World", the newspaper at the centre of the scandal. ](/news/2013/01/10/april-casburn-a-senior-detective-with-the-metropolitan-police-is-found-guilty-of-trying-to-sell-information-on-the-investigation-into-phone.md) _Context: News of the World_
