### [2011-08-10](/news/2011/08/10/index.md)

# Korean Peninsula:. The Yonhap news agency reports that sources have advised them that North Korea is plotting to assassinate Kim Kwan-jin, currently South Korea's defence minister. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-08-10/south-korea-fires-artillery-off-yeonpyeong-after-hearing-shells-from-north.html)
2. [Yonhap News](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2011/08/10/17/0301000000AEN20110810000900315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-interm.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
4. [South Korea-United States relations. Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/south-korea-united-states-relations-four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
5. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports North Korea appears to conduct a submarine-launched ballistic missile test that ended in failure with no indication that the missile successfully ejected from the vessel and took off. ](/news/2015/11/28/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-north-korea-appears-to-conduct-a-submarine-launched-ballistic-missile-test-that-ended-in-failure-wi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
6. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-short-range-missiles-into-the-ocean-to-the-east-of-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:. North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stati.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:. South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS "John McCain" and USS "Decatur" into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-south-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-am.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:. North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-a.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
