### [2017-09-19](/news/2017/09/19/index.md)

# A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Mexico, killing at least 220 people and collapsing several buildings in Mexico City and widespread evacuations, hours after a yearly earthquake drill in commemoration of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. 

Anyone looking for loved ones in Mexico affected by the earthquake can call 1-52-5556-581111 to get in touch with representatives from the Consul General for assistance. On the anniversary of a deadly 8.0 quake that struck central Mexico in 1985, a 7.1 magnitude earthquake hit the same region on Tuesday, killing at least 220 people, destroying dozens of buildings and leaving millions without power.


### Source:

1. [KTLA](http://ktla.com/2017/09/19/preliminary-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-near-puebla-mexico-usgs/)
1. [Cover Image](https://tribktla.files.wordpress.com/2017/09/gettyimages-849678550.jpg?quality=85&amp;strip=all&amp;w=1200)

### Related:

1. [A magnitude 8.1 earthquake is recorded 96 kilometers (60 miles) south of Pijijiapan, Chiapas, Mexico. This is Mexico's strongest quake since the 8.0 earthquake that hit the Greater Mexico City area in 1985. At least 26 deaths have been recorded.](/news/2017/09/7/a-magnitude-8-1-earthquake-is-recorded-96-kilometers-60-miles-south-of-pijijiapan-chiapas-mexico-this-is-mexico-s-strongest-quake-since.md) _Context: 1985 Mexico City earthquake, magnitude_
2. [A Mexico City borough president says previous officials ignored warnings that unauthorized construction work had damaged the structural integrity of several buildings in the city. The overall death toll from the magnitude 7.1 quake which hit Sept. 19 now stands at at least 358 people. ](/news/2017/09/29/a-mexico-city-borough-president-says-previous-officials-ignored-warnings-that-unauthorized-construction-work-had-damaged-the-structural-inte.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake, Mexico City_
3. [A magnitude 6.2 earthquake strikes the central Mexican state of Oaxaca killing at least five people and damaging housing and infrastructure already damaged by Tuesday's 2017 Central Mexico earthquake. ](/news/2017/09/23/a-magnitude-6-2-earthquake-strikes-the-central-mexican-state-of-oaxaca-killing-at-least-five-people-and-damaging-housing-and-infrastructure.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake, magnitude_
4. [Rescuers are focusing on 10 collapsed buildings where people may still be alive. Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera reports the death toll is now at least 273, with 50 people still missing. ](/news/2017/09/21/rescuers-are-focusing-on-10-collapsed-buildings-where-people-may-still-be-alive-mexico-city-mayor-miguel-angel-mancera-reports-the-death-t.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake_
5. [ Searches continue for possible survivors of the magnitude 7.1 earthquake that hit central Mexico yesterday. By mid-afternoon, 52 people are rescued while at least 226 people have been killed and another 800 injured. ](/news/2017/09/20/searches-continue-for-possible-survivors-of-the-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-that-hit-central-mexico-yesterday-by-mid-afternoon-52-people-are.md) _Context: 2017 Central Mexico earthquake_
6. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes west of the Pacific Island of Tonga. There are no immediate reports of casualties or damage. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-west-of-the-pacific-island-of-tonga-there-are-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-damage.md) _Context: magnitude_
8. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: magnitude_
9. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: magnitude_
10. [An earthquake of 6.3 magnitude shakes the Aegean Sea, causing one death. Many houses were damaged in Plomari, Greece, and some collapsed. ](/news/2017/06/12/an-earthquake-of-6-3-magnitude-shakes-the-aegean-sea-causing-one-death-many-houses-were-damaged-in-plomari-greece-and-some-collapsed.md) _Context: magnitude_
