### [2017-09-19](/news/2017/09/19/index.md)

# The 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly commences its General Debate at the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan, New York. 

Trump vowed to &quot;totally destroy&quot; North Korea unless the nation curbs its nuclear program. 


### Source:

1. [amNewYork](http://www.amny.com/news/politics/united-nations-general-assembly-in-nyc-what-to-know-about-this-year-s-session-1.14176862)
1. [Cover Image](https://cdn.newsday.com/polopoly_fs/1.14221092.1505837248!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_1280/image.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.](/news/2003/09/23/united-nations-world-heads-of-state-and-government-convene-at-united-nations-headquarters-in-new-york-city-for-the-start-of-the-annual-gen.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations headquarters_
2. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
3. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
4. [The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres its next Secretary-General. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-united-nations-general-assembly-officially-appoints-former-portuguese-prime-minister-anta3nio-guterres-its-next-secretary-general.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
5. [In his final speech as President of the United States to the United Nations General Assembly, Barack Obama calls for a renewed commitment to collaborative efforts in facing many of the challenges confronting "an integrated world" community. ](/news/2016/09/20/in-his-final-speech-as-president-of-the-united-states-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-barack-obama-calls-for-a-renewed-commitment-to.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
6. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
7. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer violations to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
8. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors. The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
9. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
10. [The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly condemns the U.S. embargo of Cuba in its first vote on the matter since the start of normalization of relations between the two countries. The largely symbolic tally on the unenforceable resolution was 191 to 2 (U.S., Israel). ](/news/2015/10/27/the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-condemns-the-u-s-embargo-of-cuba-in-its-first-vote-on-the-matter-since-the-start-of-norm.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
