### [2003-06-9](/news/2003/06/9/index.md)

#  North American ice hockey: The New Jersey Devils win the Stanley Cup, beating the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, 3-0, in Game Seven of their championship series.




### Related:

1. [ The Carolina Hurricanes win ice hockey's Stanley Cup in game seven of a best of seven series for the first time defeating the Edmonton Oilers 3-1. ](/news/2006/06/19/the-carolina-hurricanes-win-ice-hockey-s-stanley-cup-in-game-seven-of-a-best-of-seven-series-for-the-first-time-defeating-the-edmonton-oile.md) _Context: Stanley Cup, ice hockey_
2. [ National Hockey League hockey player Todd Bertuzzi is suspended for the remainder of the season and for the entire Stanley Cup playoffs for his hit on Steve Moore, which left him with two broken vertebrae in his neck. The Vancouver police department is also looking into the incident. ](/news/2004/03/10/national-hockey-league-hockey-player-todd-bertuzzi-is-suspended-for-the-remainder-of-the-season-and-for-the-entire-stanley-cup-playoffs-for.md) _Context: Stanley Cup, ice hockey_
3. [Two Canadian men are accused of committing an act of "flag desecration" in La Quinta, California, United States for allegedly replacing an American flag with a Canadian flag following Canada's ice hockey victory at the 2010 Winter Olympics. ](/news/2010/04/20/two-canadian-men-are-accused-of-committing-an-act-of-flag-desecration-in-la-quinta-california-united-states-for-allegedly-replacing-an-a.md) _Context: ice hockey_
4. [ The Pittsburgh Penguins defeat the Detroit Red Wings in game seven to win the 2009 Stanley Cup Finals. ](/news/2009/06/12/the-pittsburgh-penguins-defeat-the-detroit-red-wings-in-game-seven-to-win-the-2009-stanley-cup-finals.md) _Context: Stanley Cup_
5. [ The New Jersey Devils' Martin Brodeur passes Patrick Roy to becomes the National Hockey League's winningest goaltender. ](/news/2009/03/17/the-new-jersey-devils-martin-brodeur-passes-patrick-roy-to-becomes-the-national-hockey-league-s-winningest-goaltender.md) _Context: New Jersey Devils_
6. [ The Anaheim Ducks defeat the Ottawa Senators to win the Stanley Cup in five games. ](/news/2007/06/6/the-anaheim-ducks-defeat-the-ottawa-senators-to-win-the-stanley-cup-in-five-games.md) _Context: Stanley Cup_
7. [ Ice hockey: The 2007 NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs begin. The inaugural matchup features the Pittsburgh Penguins visiting the Ottawa Senators at Scotiabank Place in Ottawa, Ontario.](/news/2007/04/11/ice-hockey-the-2007-nhl-stanley-cup-playoffs-begin-the-inaugural-matchup-features-the-pittsburgh-penguins-visiting-the-ottawa-senators-at.md) _Context: ice hockey_
8. [ The National Hockey League returns after a year-long lockout. Opening night featured all 30 teams in action, including Sidney Crosby's debut against the New Jersey Devils and Alexander Ovechkin's debut against the Columbus Blue Jackets where he scored 2 goals.](/news/2005/10/5/the-national-hockey-league-returns-after-a-year-long-lockout-opening-night-featured-all-30-teams-in-action-including-sidney-crosby-s-debu.md) _Context: New Jersey Devils_
9. [ Todd Bertuzzi of the Vancouver Canucks ice hockey team hits rookie Steve Moore of the Colorado Avalanche in the middle of a game, fracturing vertebrae in Moore's neck and probably ending his career. In the same game, Trevor Linden passed Stan Smyl in career point scoring for the Vancouver Canucks. ](/news/2004/03/8/todd-bertuzzi-of-the-vancouver-canucks-ice-hockey-team-hits-rookie-steve-moore-of-the-colorado-avalanche-in-the-middle-of-a-game-fracturin.md) _Context: ice hockey_
10. [ The 2003 Heritage Classic is played in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the first outdoor ice hockey games in the history of the National Hockey League. Over 50,000 spectators watch the two games.](/news/2003/11/22/the-2003-heritage-classic-is-played-in-edmonton-alberta-canada-the-first-outdoor-ice-hockey-games-in-the-history-of-the-national-hockey.md) _Context: ice hockey_
