### [2007-09-26](/news/2007/09/26/index.md)

#  The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. 

The US church now awaits response from traditionalists. Will schism be headed off?


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/2007/0927/p02s01-ussc.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.csmonitor.com/extension/csm_base/design/csm_design/images/csm_logo_1200x630.png)

### Related:

1. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop, gay_
2. [ The clergy and lay people of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, by a comfortable margin, vote in favor of the appointment of an openly gay bishop. The vote is thought likely to get confirmation from the bishops' collegium, which however is delayed due to last minute independent allegations of misconduct and intense conservative opposition.](/news/2003/08/4/the-clergy-and-lay-people-of-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-by-a-comfortable-margin-vote-in-favor-of-the-appointmen.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop, gay_
3. [ The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-church-of-uganda-the-anglican-province-of-uganda-appoints-a-bishop-in-the-united-states-john-guernsey-deepening-a-split-with-the-ep.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
4. [ Anglican archbishops give the U.S. church an ultimatum over its approach to issues such as homosexual clergy and blessings of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2007/02/20/anglican-archbishops-give-the-u-s-church-an-ultimatum-over-its-approach-to-issues-such-as-homosexual-clergy-and-blessings-of-same-sex-marr.md) _Context: Anglican Church, same-sex marriage_
5. [ The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-anglican-churches-of-north-america-ndash-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-and-the-anglican-church-of-canada-ndash-are-aske.md) _Context: Anglican Church, United States Episcopal Church_
6. [ The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. ](/news/2004/10/18/the-anglican-communion-s-lambeth-commission-on-communion-releases-the-windsor-report-the-commission-recommends-that-churches-throughout-th.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
7. [ King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia, who recently made a statement in support of same-sex marriage, responded to an "insulting" e-mail by announcing he is not gay. The king is 81 years old and has 14 children. ](/news/2004/02/25/king-norodom-sihanouk-of-cambodia-who-recently-made-a-statement-in-support-of-same-sex-marriage-responded-to-an-insulting-e-mail-by-ann.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
8. [ Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, estimate by the end of the day that they will have issued 2,000 licenses for same-sex marriages in the four days since they started granting legal recognition to gay and lesbian unions. ](/news/2004/02/16/officials-at-the-city-and-county-of-san-francisco-california-estimate-by-the-end-of-the-day-that-they-will-have-issued-2-000-licenses-for.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
9. [ The Anglican Church splits over gay bishop. Half the archbishops of the Anglican union denounce the Episcopal Church's consecration of the world's first openly gay, Gene Robinson, non-celibate bishop and vowed not to recognize the appointment.](/news/2003/11/4/the-anglican-church-splits-over-gay-bishop-half-the-archbishops-of-the-anglican-union-denounce-the-episcopal-church-s-consecration-of-the.md) _Context: Anglican Church, United States Episcopal Church_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: gay, same-sex marriage_
