### [2013-04-16](/news/2013/04/16/index.md)

# 2013 Sistan and Baluchestan earthquake:At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. 

A 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck near Iran’s border with Pakistan, and it was felt as far away as India and the United Arab Emirates.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/17/world/asia/strong-earthquake-is-felt-across-wide-area-of-asia.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/16/us-iran-quake-idUSBRE93F0E120130416)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22168202)

### Related:

1. [A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-india.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake, north India_
2. [2013 Bushehr earthquake: A 6.1-magnitude earthquake rocks the Iranian towns of Khvormuj, Bandar Deyr and Kangan, killing 37 people and injuring over 850, and was felt as far as Bahrain. ](/news/2013/04/9/2013-bushehr-earthquake-a-6-1amagnitude-earthquake-rocks-the-iranian-towns-of-khvormuj-bandar-deyr-and-kangan-killing-37-people-and-inj.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
3. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East, Pakistan_
4. [ An earthquake, registering 6.4 on the Richter Scale, strikes the city of Zarand and several villages in Iran at 02:25 UTC, leaving at least 546 dead. (''see'' 2005 Zarand earthquake).](/news/2005/02/22/an-earthquake-registering-6-4-on-the-richter-scale-strikes-the-city-of-zarand-and-several-villages-in-iran-at-02-25-utc-leaving-at-least.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
5. [A powerful earthquake occurs near the southern Iranian city of Bam at 0156 GMT (5.26am local time). The USGS estimates its magnitude as 6.7 on the Richter scale. The BBC reports that ''"70% of the modern city of Bam"'' is destroyed. Iranian government officials estimate the death toll at over 20,000 with a further 50,000 injured. Bam Citadel the largest adobe structure of the world is destroyed. The area of the citadel is about 180,000 square meters and the construction date of parts of it goes back for about 2500 years. [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/uscvad.htm][http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3348613.stm][http://edition.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/meast/12/26/iran.quake/index.html]](/news/2003/12/26/a-powerful-earthquake-occurs-near-the-southern-iranian-city-of-bam-at-0156-gmt-5-26am-local-time-the-usgs-estimates-its-magnitude-as-6-7.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
6. [ Natural disaster - a major earthquake hit Iran, with its epicentre at Bou'in-Zahra, measuring at least 6.0 on the Richter scale.](/news/2002/06/22/natural-disaster-a-a-major-earthquake-hit-iran-with-its-epicentre-at-bou-in-zahra-measuring-at-least-6-0-on-the-richter-scale.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
7. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Iran, Pakistan_
8. [Seven Pakistani crew members on Iranian cargo ship MV ''Joya'', sailing from Egypt to Dubai, UAE, are killed in a rocket attack off Yemen's coast. ](/news/2016/12/22/seven-pakistani-crew-members-on-iranian-cargo-ship-mv-joya-sailing-from-egypt-to-dubai-uae-are-killed-in-a-rocket-attack-off-yemen-s.md) _Context: Iran, Pakistan_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
10. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
