### [2013-04-16](/news/2013/04/16/index.md)

# A Pakistani election tribunal comprising judges of the Lahore High Court declares former Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf ineligible for contesting the upcoming general election. 

The tribunal comprising judges of the Lahore High Court upheld a Returning Officer&#039;s decision to reject nomination papers filed by Ashraf to contest polls from a parliamentary constituency in his hometown of Gujjar Khan.


### Source:

1. [PTI via FirstPost](http://www.firstpost.com/world/former-pak-pm-ashraf-declared-ineligible-for-contesting-polls-701794.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 in Pakistan:. Tens of thousands gather in Lahore as Pakistan's cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan launches an election bid for the country's general elections in May 2013. ](/news/2013/03/24/2013-in-pakistan-tens-of-thousands-gather-in-lahore-as-pakistan-s-cricketer-turned-politician-imran-khan-launches-an-election-bid-for-the.md) _Context: 2013 Pakistani general election, Pakistan, election_
2. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [Pakistan unrest. Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [Pakistan protests. The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/pakistan-protests-the-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-nationa.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan:. Ali Haider Gillani, the son of former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani, is abducted by unidentified gunmen at an election rally in the city of Multan two days before the May 11 general election. ](/news/2013/05/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-ali-haider-gillani-the-son-of-former-pakistani-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-is-abducted-by-unidentified.md) _Context: 2013 Pakistani general election, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [Pakistan elections:. Voters in Pakistan go to the polls for a general election with the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan threatening to carry out attacks. There was a record turnout despite 24 people being killed. ](/news/2013/05/11/pakistan-elections-voters-in-pakistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-tehrik-e-taliban-pakistan-threatening-to-carry-out-a.md) _Context: 2013 Pakistani general election, Pakistan_
