### [2013-04-16](/news/2013/04/16/index.md)

# China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/16/us-china-defence-idUSBRE93F03P20130416)

### Related:

1. [China imposes a "fishing permit" rule in the South China Sea, much to the chagrin of the United States, the Philippines, and Vietnam. ](/news/2014/01/10/china-imposes-a-fishing-permit-rule-in-the-south-china-sea-much-to-the-chagrin-of-the-united-states-the-philippines-and-vietnam.md) _Context: China, Philippine, United States, Vietnam, disputed_
2. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, Philippine, United States, disputed_
3. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: China, Chinese Defense Ministry, United States, disputed_
4. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States, disputed_
5. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: China, Philippine, United States, disputed_
6. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: China, Japan, Philippine, Vietnam_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea:China says it will open disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to tourism before the May Day holiday, a move to which Vietnam is strongly opposed, as the United States expresses concern. ](/news/2013/04/7/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-pchina-says-it-will-open-disputed-paracel-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-to-tourism-before-the-m.md) _Context: China, United States, Vietnam, disputed_
8. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: China, Philippine, United States_
9. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippine, disputed_
10. [A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, ''USS Curtis Wilbur'' (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action "severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-triton-island.md) _Context: Chinese Defense Ministry, United States, disputed_
