### [2013-04-16](/news/2013/04/16/index.md)

# North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. 

North Korea issued new threats against South Korea on Tuesday, vowing &quot;sledge-hammer blows&quot; of retaliation if South Korea did not apologize for anti-North Korean protests the previous day when the North was celebrating the birth of its founding leader.


### Source:

1. [RT](http://rt.com/news/korea-ultimatum-immediate-retaliation-906/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/16/us-korea-north-idUSBRE93D0DS20130416)

### Related:

1. [A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country-defect-en-masse-to-south-korea-according-to-seoul-s-ministry.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
2. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: Kim Il-sung, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
4. [South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-the-unidentified-flyin.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
5. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, assures South Korea of "ironclad" American security commitments on a visit to Seoul while accusing North Korea of a litany of crimes. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-assures-south-korea-of-ironclad-american-security-commitments-on-a-visit-to-seoul-while.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
7. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-short-range-missiles-into-the-ocean-to-the-east-of-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stating-that-the-exercise-could-jeopardize.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS "John McCain" and USS "Decatur" into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/south-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-amid-tensions-on-the-pe.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-korea-seeks-to-open-di.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
