### [2005-04-18](/news/2005/04/18/index.md)

#  Bosnian Serb officer Vujadin Popovic, accused of complicity in Srebrenica massacre in 1995, pleads not guilty in the Hague. He surrendered to the ICTY on 14 April. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4457739.stm)
2. [FENA](http://www.fena.ba/uk/vijest.html?fena_id=FSA251294&rubrika=ES)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8212171)

### Related:

1. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
2. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
3. [A judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia upholds the conviction of five men in connection with the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2015/01/30/a-judge-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-upholds-the-conviction-of-five-men-in-connection-with-the-srebrenic.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
4. [Former Bosnian intelligence chief Zdravko Tolimir, believed to be a top aide to Ratko Mladic, is sentenced to life imprisonment by ICTY for his role in the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2012/12/13/former-bosnian-intelligence-chief-zdravko-tolimir-believed-to-be-a-top-aide-to-ratko-mladia-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-by-icty-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
5. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
6. [Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-during-the.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Srebrenica massacre_
7. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
8. [Vujadin Popovic and Ljubisa Beara, former high-ranking officers of the Bosnian Serb army, are found guilty of genocide and sentenced to life imprisonment for their roles in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, the harshest judgment ever delivered by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2010/06/10/vujadin-popovia-and-ljubia-a-beara-former-high-ranking-officers-of-the-bosnian-serb-army-are-found-guilty-of-genocide-and-sentenced-to-li.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Srebrenica massacre_
9. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic refuses to enter pleas to charges including genocide and crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at the Hague. ](/news/2008/08/29/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-refuses-to-enter-pleas-to-charges-including-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-inter.md) _Context: Hague, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
10. [ Radovan Karadzic, former Bosnian Serb leader, announces that he will defend himself at his trial for war crimes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2008/07/31/radovan-karada3-4ia-former-bosnian-serb-leader-announces-that-he-will-defend-himself-at-his-trial-for-war-crimes-at-the-international-crim.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
