### [2005-04-18](/news/2005/04/18/index.md)

#  Catherine Ndereba of Kenya and Hailu Negussie of Ethiopia win in the 109th Boston Marathon. Negussie was successful in finally breaking the Kenyan-dominated men's race. Defending champion Ndereba became the first four-time woman's winner. [http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/wireStory?id=680658 (ABCnews)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC)) [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/SPORT/04/18/marathon.boston.reut/ (CNN)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC)) [http://www.boston.com/sports/other_sports/running/articles/2005/04/18/kenyas_ndereba_wins_4th_boston_marathon/ (Boston.com)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [2017 East African famine. USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-east-african-famine-usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-k.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
2. [ Ethiopia officially opens the Omo River Gibe III hydroelectric dam, one of the biggest in Africa, that is predicted to double the country-s electricity output. Critics are concerned about this dam's impact on locals, on the environment, including Kenya's Lake Turkana, and on neighboring countries. ](/news/2016/12/17/ethiopia-officially-opens-the-omo-river-gibe-iii-hydroelectric-dam-one-of-the-biggest-in-africa-that-is-predicted-to-double-the-country.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
3. [Ethiopia-South Korea relations. South Korean President Park Geun-hye, during her state visit to Ethiopia to work toward full-scale defense cooperation, pledges $1 million in aid for drought recovery. Park is expected to continue to Uganda and Kenya after this visit. ](/news/2016/05/26/ethiopia-south-korea-relations-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-during-her-state-visit-to-ethiopia-to-work-toward-full-scale-defense-c.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
4. [The United Nations reports the worst drought in six decades is affecting more than 10 million people and forced people in Somalia to flee to Kenya and Ethiopia as they starve to death. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-united-nations-reports-the-worst-drought-in-six-decades-is-affecting-more-than-10-million-people-and-forced-people-in-somalia-to-flee-to.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
5. [At least nineteen people die in northern Kenya in clashes with raiders from Ethiopia. ](/news/2011/05/3/at-least-nineteen-people-die-in-northern-kenya-in-clashes-with-raiders-from-ethiopia.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
6. [Ethiopia and Kenya may attack the al-Shabaab Islamist militant group in Somalia, following its threat to target Kenya. ](/news/2011/02/28/ethiopia-and-kenya-may-attack-the-al-shabaab-islamist-militant-group-in-somalia-following-its-threat-to-target-kenya.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
7. [Al-Shabaab militants take control of a town on the border between Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya from pro-government forces, following fighting that displaced 60,000 people. ](/news/2010/10/29/al-shabaab-militants-take-control-of-a-town-on-the-border-between-somalia-ethiopia-and-kenya-from-pro-government-forces-following-fighting.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
8. [Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda sign an agreement to seek more water from the Nile, a move opposed by Egypt and Sudan. Kenya issues a support statement. ](/news/2010/05/14/ethiopia-rwanda-tanzania-and-uganda-sign-an-agreement-to-seek-more-water-from-the-nile-a-move-opposed-by-egypt-and-sudan-kenya-issues-a.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
9. [Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot of Kenya wins the 2010 Boston Marathon, setting a new course record. ](/news/2010/04/19/robert-kiprono-cheruiyot-of-kenya-wins-the-2010-boston-marathon-setting-a-new-course-record.md) _Context: Boston Marathon, Kenya_
10. [ A six-nation east African regional bloc consisting of Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan and Uganda urges global sanctions on Eritrea for backing Islamist rebels in neighbouring war-torn Somalia. ](/news/2009/09/19/a-six-nation-east-african-regional-bloc-consisting-of-djibouti-ethiopia-kenya-somalia-sudan-and-uganda-urges-global-sanctions-on-eritre.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
