### [2005-04-18](/news/2005/04/18/index.md)

#  Two Israelis, one a soldier in the Combat Engineering Corps, and one a civilian, are wounded by a Palestinian sniper in an attack on Philadelphi Route of the southern Gaza Strip, close to the Egyptian border. The Popular Resistance Committees claims responsibility. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/566451.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, Popular Resistance Committees_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2005/01/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-explode-a-truck-laden-with-explosives-in-the-karni-crossing-in-the-eastern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, Popular Resistance Committees_
4. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
5. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict: Israeli ground forces will leave the Gaza Strip ahead of an Egyptian mediated ceasefire starting at 0500 GMT today. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-israeli-ground-forces-will-leave-the-gaza-strip-ahead-of-an-egyptian-mediated-ceasefire-starting-at-0500-gmt-to.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:: On the 50th day of the conflict, an internationally supported long-term truce is reached where the borders of Gaza, Egypt, and Israel are opened for humanitarian and reconstruction supplies and the Gaza fishing zone is extended to 6 km. Other issues such as an airport/seaport and the Israeli demand for demilitarization will be negotiated within a month. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-on-the-50th-day-of-the-conflict-an-internationally-supported-long-term-truce-is-reached-where-the-borders-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-ove.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. ](/news/2012/11/13/following-over-150-rockets-being-fired-into-israel-over-the-past-four-days-from-gaza-and-attacks-by-israel-egypt-has-mediated-a-truce-both.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Palestinian militants fire rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel severely injuring an elder. Israel launches a missile strike in return, killing two Palestinians. ](/news/2012/06/23/palestinian-militants-fire-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-severely-injuring-an-elder-israel-launches-a-missile-strike-in-return-k.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
