### [2014-07-9](/news/2014/07/9/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine: A spokesman for Russia's Investigative Committee confirms that Nadiya Savchenko, the female military aviator who was captured by pro-Russian separatists on June 18, is now held in Voronezh, Russia, where she has been charged with killing two Russian journalists. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_UKRAINE_JOURNALISTS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/content/kyiv-savchenko-ministry-protest-luhansk-note-transfer-voronezh/25450623.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia-Ukraine relations: War in Donbass: Ukrainian pilot and parliamentarian Nadiya Savchenko, who has been detained in Russia since 2014, arrives home following a dramatic prisoner swap with Russia. ](/news/2016/05/25/russia-ukraine-relations-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-pilot-and-parliamentarian-nadiya-savchenko-who-has-been-detained-in-russia-since-2014.md) _Context: Nadiya Savchenko_
2. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process: War in Donbass: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Nadiya Savchenko_
3. [A court in southern Russia finds Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko guilty of being complicit in the killing of two Russian journalists, killing civilians and illegal border crossing and is sentenced to 22 years in prison and a fine of 30,000 rubles. Savchenko denies all the charges and the Ukrainian government said that they would continue to press for her release. ](/news/2016/03/22/a-court-in-southern-russia-finds-ukrainian-pilot-nadiya-savchenko-guilty-of-being-complicit-in-the-killing-of-two-russian-journalists-killi.md) _Context: Nadiya Savchenko_
4. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine: Minister of Defense of Ukraine Valeriy Heletey says that special forces have retaken the city of Kostiantynivka, Donetsk from armed insurgents. ](/news/2014/07/7/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-minister-of-defense-of-ukraine-valeriy-heletey-says-that-special-forces-have-retaken-the-city-of-kosti.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
5. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine: Ukrainian forces recapture the pro-Russian armed separatists' main strongholds of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk after the separatists defending it escaped an encirclement. ](/news/2014/07/5/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-ukrainian-forces-recapture-the-pro-russian-armed-separatists-main-strongholds-of-slovyansk-and-kramat.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
6. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine: Ukrainian forces reclaim control of the city of Siversk from pro-Russian insurgents, and move on to consolidate their position by repairing damaged infrastructure and funneling aid into recently recaptured territory. ](/news/2014/07/10/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-ukrainian-forces-reclaim-control-of-the-city-of-siversk-from-pro-russian-insurgents-and-move-on-to-co.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
7. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine: The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko states that the Ukraine government's forces will resume offensive operations against pro-Russian rebels. ](/news/2014/07/1/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-states-that-the-ukraine-government-s-forces-will-resume-offe.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
8. [Petro Poroshenko is sworn in as the President of Ukraine as the Pro-Russian separatist conflict continues. ](/news/2014/06/7/petro-poroshenko-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-ukraine-as-the-pro-russian-separatist-conflict-continues.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine:: Russian President Vladimir Putin and Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko call for a quick and peaceful end to the violence in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/06/6/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-ukrainian-president-elect-petro-poroshenko-call-for-a-quick-and.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine:: Separatists capture two Ukrainian Military bases in Luhansk Oblast as fighting continues near the rebel-held town of Sloviansk. ](/news/2014/06/4/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-separatists-capture-two-ukrainian-military-bases-in-luhansk-oblast-as-fighting-continues-near-the-reb.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
