### [2014-07-9](/news/2014/07/9/index.md)

# 2014 Harris County, Texas shooting: A gunman in Spring, Texas, a suburb of the US city of Houston, kills six people including four children. 




### Related:

1. [A gunman opens fire at a Houston shopping center and injures nine people. Responding police kill the shooter afterwards. ](/news/2016/09/26/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-houston-shopping-center-and-injures-nine-people-responding-police-kill-the-shooter-afterwards.md) _Context: Houston_
2. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston_
3. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham, west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston_
4. [Houston mayoral election, 2015. Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election. Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote. King conceded defeat and encouraged Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election. ](/news/2015/12/13/houston-mayoral-election-2015-veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston.md) _Context: Houston_
5. [Houston mayoral election, 2015. Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/houston-mayoral-election-2015-residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor.md) _Context: Houston_
6. [Six construction workers, injured when scaffolding at an unfinished building collapsed in Houston, Texas (US), are rushed to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. Firefighters continue to sift through the debris for other potential victims. ](/news/2015/10/16/six-construction-workers-injured-when-scaffolding-at-an-unfinished-building-collapsed-in-houston-texas-us-are-rushed-to-area-hospitals.md) _Context: Houston_
7. [Two students die and three others are injured after a school bus is struck by another vehicle and swerves off an Interstate 610 overpass in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2015/09/15/two-students-die-and-three-others-are-injured-after-a-school-bus-is-struck-by-another-vehicle-and-swerves-off-an-interstate-610-overpass-in.md) _Context: Houston_
8. [A sixth person is found to have died in this week's floods in Harris County, Texas, which contains the city of Houston. ](/news/2015/05/27/a-sixth-person-is-found-to-have-died-in-this-week-s-floods-in-harris-county-texas-which-contains-the-city-of-houston.md) _Context: Houston_
9. [Texas-Oklahoma floods. Flash flood warnings are now in place in eight states with flood waters causing closures of roads, rail services and buses in Houston. ](/news/2015/05/26/texas-oklahoma-floods-flash-flood-warnings-are-now-in-place-in-eight-states-with-flood-waters-causing-closures-of-roads-rail-services-an.md) _Context: Houston_
10. [Police arrest a student for allegedly stabbing another student to death and injuring three more at Spring High School in Spring, Texas, U.S. ](/news/2013/09/4/police-arrest-a-student-for-allegedly-stabbing-another-student-to-death-and-injuring-three-more-at-spring-high-school-in-spring-texas-u-s.md) _Context: Spring, Texas_
