### [2014-07-9](/news/2014/07/9/index.md)

# Gaza-Israel conflict. The Israeli Army intensifies its attack on the Hamas controlled Gaza Strip with 130 attacks on key sites such as command centers and rocket launchers after over 250 rockets and mortars were fired into Israel over the past week. Hamas rockets reached over 100 km into Israeli territory. 

Israel vows to ramp up warplane strikes against Hamas militants, as the death toll from two days of conflict climbs.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-07-09/dozens-dead-as-israel-launches-air-strikes-on-gaza/5585562)
2. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2014-07-09-ML-Israel-Palestinians/id-44ae872d6e9f4729ba5c105fef035094)

### Related:

1. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Hamas_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict. In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/gaza-israel-conflict-in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Hamas_
3. [Gaza-Israel conflict. In retaliation to a rocket attack on Southern Israel, Israel Defence Forces destroy a Hamas weapons manufacturing facility located within the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2015/08/27/gaza-israel-conflict-in-retaliation-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israel-defence-forces-destroy-a-hamas-weapons-manufacturing-fa.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Hamas_
4. [ Gaza-Israel conflict:. Israel launches Operation Cast Lead against Hamas in the Gaza Strip, killing at least 271 people and wounding at least 800. ](/news/2008/12/27/gaza-israel-conflict-israel-launches-operation-cast-lead-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-killing-at-least-271-people-and-wounding-at-l.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Hamas_
5. [Gaza-Israel conflict. At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/gaza-israel-conflict-at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-roc.md) _Context: Gaza-Israel conflict, Hamas_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas_
8. [Gaza-Israel conflict. Israeli Air Force planes hit two Hamas targets in Gaza in retaliation for rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2015/12/13/gaza-israel-conflict-israeli-air-force-planes-hit-two-hamas-targets-in-gaza-in-retaliation-for-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Gaza-Israel conflict, Hamas_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas_
