### [2014-07-9](/news/2014/07/9/index.md)

# South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2014/07/08/world/asia/north-korea-missiles/index.html?eref=edition)

### Related:

1. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stating-that-the-exercise-could-jeopardize.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS "John McCain" and USS "Decatur" into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/south-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-amid-tensions-on-the-pe.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-activities-some-prote.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-korea-seeks-to-open-di.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired more than 100 rounds of artillery into the Sea of Japan near the border highlighting the increase of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2010/08/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-more-than-100-rounds-of-artillery-into-the-sea-of-japan-near-the-border-highlighting-the-incre.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of intruding into its territorial waters, further raising tensions on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2009/10/15/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-intruding-into-its-territorial-waters-further-raising-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [ 2006 North Korean nuclear testing: North Korea warns that any participation by South Korea in U.S. led sanctions would be seen as a serious provocation leading to a "crisis of war" on the Korean peninsula. ](/news/2006/10/25/2006-north-korean-nuclear-testing-north-korea-warns-that-any-participation-by-south-korea-in-u-s-led-sanctions-would-be-seen-as-a-serious.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after-south-korea-suspends-further-dep.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea_
