### [2007-04-7](/news/2007/04/7/index.md)

#  Hungarian American software developer Charles Simonyi launches on board Soyuz TMA-10 towards the International Space Station, becoming the fifth space tourist. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://us.cnn.com/2007/TECH/space/04/07/russia.space.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Richard Garriott, famed game designer and son of former NASA Skylab astronaut Owen Garriott, will become the sixth space tourist, visiting the International Space Station in 2008. ](/news/2007/09/28/richard-garriott-famed-game-designer-and-son-of-former-nasa-skylab-astronaut-owen-garriott-will-become-the-sixth-space-tourist-visiting.md) _Context: International Space Station, commercial space flights_
2. [ Soyuz TMA-9, with space tourist Charles Simonyi and two crew from Expedition 14 to the International Space Station on board, safely return to Earth. ](/news/2007/04/21/soyuz-tma-9-with-space-tourist-charles-simonyi-and-two-crew-from-expedition-14-to-the-international-space-station-on-board-safely-return.md) _Context: Charles Simonyi, International Space Station_
3. [ Dennis Tito, the first 'space tourist' in space lifts off in a Russian rocket heading for the International Space Station.](/news/2001/04/30/dennis-tito-the-first-space-tourist-in-space-lifts-off-in-a-russian-rocket-heading-for-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: International Space Station, commercial space flights_
4. [SpaceX launches a recycled Falcon 9 rocket with a   shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. Dragon 9 first connected with the ISS during a Sept. 21, 2014, mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-recycled-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internationa.md) _Context: International Space Station_
5. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from   Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand.  This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to  22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-n.md) _Context: International Space Station_
6. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
7. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
8. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station_
