### [2009-01-15](/news/2009/01/15/index.md)

#  British Member of Parliament John McDonnell (Hayes and Harlington) is suspended after manhandling the ceremonial mace during House of Commons proceedings. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/7830937.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Twenty members of the United Kingdom's Parliament demand House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin's resignation, amid at the 2009 expenses scandal. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8054657.stm (BBC)] [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5344495/Speaker-Michael-Martin-sorry-but-refuses-to-resign.html "(The Daily Telegraph)"]](/news/2009/05/18/twenty-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-demand-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-s-resignation-amid-at-the-2009-expenses-s.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP, Parliament_
2. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP, Parliament_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-ho.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
4. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation-s poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was -bully politics- that would -disgust- the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
5. [West Lothian question: The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, MP_
6. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
7. [ Member of Parliament for Scunthorpe Elliot Morley will resign at the United Kingdom's 2010 General Election. ](/news/2009/05/29/member-of-parliament-for-scunthorpe-elliot-morley-will-resign-at-the-united-kingdom-s-2010-general-election.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
8. [ Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. ](/news/2009/02/23/member-of-parliament-peter-archer-s-report-into-the-united-kingdom-s-tainted-blood-scandal-chiefly-blames-united-states-pharmaceutical-comp.md) _Context: Britain, MP, Parliament_
9. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
10. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
