### [2013-09-19](/news/2013/09/19/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Jihadis belonging to the al-Qaida offshoot known as the ISIL overrun the town of Azaz, after driving out the Free Syrian Army. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/syrias-main-opposition-group-slams-al-qaida-linked-militants-their-goal-of-islamic-state/2013/09/20/c0c6c700-21c3-11e3-ad1a-1a919f2ed890_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-h.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/syrian-civil-war-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war: The Turkish Armed Forces and US-backed Syrian rebels launch an initially successful campaign to capture the town of Jarabulus from ISIL. The Turkish Land Forces are also shelling YPG positions to prevent them from capturing areas that ISIL will retreat from. ](/news/2016/08/24/syrian-civil-war-the-turkish-armed-forces-and-us-backed-syrian-rebels-launch-an-initially-successful-campaign-to-capture-the-town-of-jarabu.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Kurdish YPG forces and Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the ISIL stronghold of Tell Abyad in northern Al-Raqqah Governorate. ](/news/2015/06/15/syrian-civil-war-kurdish-ypg-forces-and-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-isil-stronghold-of-tell-abyad-in-northern-al-raqqah-go.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
