### [2003-07-24](/news/2003/07/24/index.md)

#  California lieutenant governor Cruz Bustamante announces that governor Gray Davis will face a recall election on October 7. This will be the second gubernatorial recall election in the United States history (the first occurred 82 years beforehand).




### Related:

1. [ California recall: Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger wins the election with 48.6% after voters decide to recall California Governor Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's closest rival was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamante, with 31.7%.](/news/2003/10/8/california-recall-republican-arnold-schwarzenegger-wins-the-election-with-48-6-after-voters-decide-to-recall-california-governor-gray-dav.md) _Context: Cruz Bustamante, Gray Davis_
2. [ California officials announce that over 110% of the required signatures to force a recall election of Governor Gray Davis are in setting the stage for what will be the first gubernatorial recall election in the United States in 82 years.](/news/2003/07/23/california-officials-announce-that-over-110-of-the-required-signatures-to-force-a-recall-election-of-governor-gray-davis-are-in-setting-th.md) _Context: California, Gray Davis_
3. [ California moves its 2020 presidential primary to March 3, making it fifth in the nominating process after Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. The 2016 primary was held on June 7. ](/news/2017/09/27/california-moves-its-2020-presidential-primary-to-march-3-making-it-fifth-in-the-nominating-process-after-iowa-new-hampshire-nevada-and.md) _Context: California_
4. [California passes a bill that will move the primaries to March near Super Tuesday. ](/news/2017/09/16/california-passes-a-bill-that-will-move-the-primaries-to-march-near-super-tuesday.md) _Context: California_
5. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: California_
6. [California wants to schedule its primaries earlier than usual, possibly on March or Super Tuesday, to have much more influence in comparison to its weight and diversity and to help Californian candidates, such as Eric Garcetti and Kamala Harris. ](/news/2017/09/14/california-wants-to-schedule-its-primaries-earlier-than-usual-possibly-on-march-or-super-tuesday-to-have-much-more-influence-in-comparison.md) _Context: California_
7. [California Governor Jerry Brown signs a bill that will protect all California residents, regardless of their immigration status, from unnecessary detention and questioning; similar to those ordinances in sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/09/12/california-governor-jerry-brown-signs-a-bill-that-will-protect-all-california-residents-regardless-of-their-immigration-status-from-unnece.md) _Context: California_
8. [California, Maine, Maryland and Minnesota sue the Trump administraion over the termination of DACA. ](/news/2017/09/11/california-maine-maryland-and-minnesota-sue-the-trump-administraion-over-the-termination-of-daca.md) _Context: California_
9. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California_
10. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
