### [2015-11-20](/news/2015/11/20/index.md)

# Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. 

The Russian military has launched cruise missiles against Islamic State positions in Syria from both the Mediterranean and Caspian seas, one of which killed over 600 terrorists in the Deir Ex-Zor Province, Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu has said.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/322881-russia-cruise-missiles-isis/)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1591362/video-shows-russia-firing-cruise-missiles-at-is)
2. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2015.11/article/564f3909c461885d728b4596.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, cruise missile_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
3. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: France, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria_
5. [Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, says Russia will deploy its S-400 defense missile system at the Khmeimim Air Base in Syria's Latakia Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/25/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoigu-says-russia-will-deploy-its-s-400-defense-missile-system-at-the-khmeimim-air-base-in-syria-s-lataki.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Sergey Shoigu, Syria_
6. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
8. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Syria_
9. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War_
10. [ The Russian Defence Ministry says six Russian bombers hit ISIL positions in Syria's Deir ez-Zor Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-russian-defence-ministry-says-six-russian-bombers-hit-isil-positions-in-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-governorate.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
