### [2015-11-20](/news/2015/11/20/index.md)

# The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act. 

The U.S. Justice Department said it filed criminal charges in response to a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/Energy-Industry/2015/11/20/Federal-charges-filed-for-deadly-2012-oil-rig-blast/6451448024137/?spt=rln&or=2)

### Related:

1. [Deepwater Horizon oil spill. London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-governme.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, federal Clean Water Act_
2. [U.S. federal magistrate Carl Barbier's ruling caps BP's fine under the Clean Water Act for its 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico at $13.7 billion. ](/news/2015/01/16/u-s-federal-magistrate-carl-barbier-s-ruling-caps-bp-s-fine-under-the-clean-water-act-for-its-2010-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-gul.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, federal Clean Water Act_
3. [The United States Department of Justice files papers in court documenting BP's "gross negligence and willful misconduct" over the April 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2012/09/4/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-papers-in-court-documenting-bp-s-gross-negligence-and-willful-misconduct-over-the-april-2010.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating in anticipation of Hurricane Harvey's landfall. perhaps by late Friday, as a Category 3 storm, the biggest hurricane to hit mainland United States since 2005. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15-25 inches (38-64 centimeters), and as much 35 inches (89 cm) of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-evacuat.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
8. [Aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster. Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. ](/news/2017/06/28/aftermath-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-six-people-are-charged-with-various-offences-including-manslaughter-by-gross-negligence-following-th.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
9. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
