### [2015-11-20](/news/2015/11/20/index.md)

# Two attacks on security checkpoints by ISIS militants in Yemen's historic Shibam town and Al Qatn District in the central Hadhramaut Governorate leave at least 15 pro-Hadi government soldiers dead. 

A number of soldiers and civilians were also injured in the twin attacks in Hadramawt province, large areas of which have been under the control of Al Qaeda since earlier this year.


### Source:

1. [The National](http://www.thenational.ae/world/middle-east/isil-militants-kill-15-yemeni-government-soldiers)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.thenational.ae/storyimage/AB/20151121/ARTICLE/151129925/AR/0/AR-151129925.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomber-in-the-port-c.md) _Context: Islamic State, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Al-Qaeda militants seize control of Zinjibar, capital of Yemen's southern Abyan Governorate, as well as the town of Ja'ar, following fierce clashes with pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/12/2/al-qaeda-militants-seize-control-of-zinjibar-capital-of-yemen-s-southern-abyan-governorate-as-well-as-the-town-of-jae-ar-following-fierc.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-the-coast-of-yemen-near-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Islamic State, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with-tanks-and-heavy-equipment-to-the-strategic-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-which-has.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Three Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant bombings in Yemen's southern port city of Al Mukalla kill 38 government forces and injure 24 others. ](/news/2016/06/28/three-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-bombings-in-yemen-s-southern-port-city-of-al-mukalla-kill-38-government-forces-and-injure-24-othe.md) _Context: Islamic State, Yemen_
7. [ At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-l.md) _Context: Islamic State, Yemen_
8. [A suicide bombing kills at least 30 and injures 70 others in the southern city of Mukalla, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/05/15/a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-30-and-injures-70-others-in-the-southern-city-of-mukalla-yemen-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-c.md) _Context: Islamic State, Yemen_
9. [At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port-city-of-aden-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-cla.md) _Context: Islamic State, Yemen_
10. [Airstrikes near the Yemeni port city of Al Mukalla, Hadhramaut Governorate, reportedly kill at least 30 Al-Qaeda militants. ](/news/2016/03/22/airstrikes-near-the-yemeni-port-city-of-al-mukalla-hadhramaut-governorate-reportedly-kill-at-least-30-al-qaeda-militants.md) _Context: Hadhramaut Governorate, Yemen_
