### [2016-12-8](/news/2016/12/8/index.md)

# As of December 1, the total death toll for the war stands at an estimated 9,758 people according to a United Nations report released today. 




### Source:

1. [United Nations](http://www.un.org.ua/en/information-centre/news/4001-civilians-in-ukraine-continue-to-suffer-un-report)

### Related:

1. [Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk-region-in-easter.md) _Context: United Nations, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass:Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/war-in-donbass-prussian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-u.md) _Context: United Nations, War in Donbass_
3. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: War in Donbass_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
