### [2016-12-8](/news/2016/12/8/index.md)

# Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. 

NZ Finance Minister Bill English is set to be appointed prime minister after two challengers withdrew.


### Source:

1. [AAP via Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2016/12/08/bill-english-set-to-become-next-nz-pm.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.skynews.com.au/content/dam/skynews/news/top-stories/2016/12/08/skynews_1363084990.jpg/_jcr_content/renditions/skynews.img.1200.1006.jpeg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in New Zealand go to the polls, electing all members of their House of Representatives and the consequent Prime Minister. Opinion polling predicts that the long-incumbent National Party, led by Bill English since December 2016, will face its strongest challenge in years, as support for the Labour Party has surged since Jacinda Ardern became party leader seven weeks ago. ](/news/2017/09/23/voters-in-new-zealand-go-to-the-polls-electing-all-members-of-their-house-of-representatives-and-the-consequent-prime-minister-opinion-pol.md) _Context: Bill English, National Party, Prime Minister, since December 2016_
2. [Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. ](/news/2016/12/12/bill-english-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-and-is-now-the-country-s-prime-minister-paula-bennett-is-elected-as.md) _Context: Bill English, National Party, Prime Minister, since December 2016_
3. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: John Key, National Party, Prime Minister_
4. [ John Key is elected leader of the opposition New Zealand National Party, with Bill English as his deputy. Both were unopposed. ](/news/2006/11/27/john-key-is-elected-leader-of-the-opposition-new-zealand-national-party-with-bill-english-as-his-deputy-both-were-unopposed.md) _Context: Bill English, John Key, National Party_
5. [The Labour Party, led by Jacinda Ardern, surges in the polls and is neck-and-neck with the National Party, led by Bill English, for the race for Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2017/09/1/the-labour-party-led-by-jacinda-ardern-surges-in-the-polls-and-is-neck-and-neck-with-the-national-party-led-by-bill-english-for-the-race.md) _Context: Bill English, Prime Minister_
6. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji, the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions. ](/news/2016/06/9/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup-d-a-c-tat-key-is-hoping-to-impr.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
7. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key settles a defamation case with freelance cameraman Bradley Ambrose, acknowledging comments he made about the man caused him professional and personal harm. ](/news/2016/03/21/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-settles-a-defamation-case-with-freelance-cameraman-bradley-ambrose-acknowledging-comments-he-made-about.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
8. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
9. [John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces plans to deploy up to 143 New Zealand Defence Force personnel to Iraq on a training mission to last no more than two years. ](/news/2015/02/24/john-key-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-announces-plans-to-deploy-up-to-143-new-zealand-defence-force-personnel-to-iraq-on-a-training-m.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
10. [John Key is sworn in for his third term as Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2014/10/8/john-key-is-sworn-in-for-his-third-term-as-prime-minister-of-new-zealand.md) _Context: John Key, Prime Minister_
