### [2015-02-15](/news/2015/02/15/index.md)

# Hamburg state election, 2015: Voters in the German city state of Hamburg go to the polls with the governing Social Democratic Party of Germany led by Olaf Scholz retaining power. 

Angela Merkel’s conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) suffered a rather unexpected defeat in regional elections in Hamburg. The election results were the worst for the Christian Democrats since World War II. Merkel’s Christian Democrats received only 16 percent of the vote in the city-state, while the Social Democrats (SPD) took the election with 47 percent &hellip;


### Source:

1. [Guardian Liberty Voice](http://guardianlv.com/2015/02/angela-merkels-conservatives-defeated-in-election/)

### Related:

1. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
2. [German police storm a refugee center in Hamburg after a knife-wielding man barricades himself in a room with a pregnant woman believed to be his partner. The man was injured before he was arrested. ](/news/2017/02/28/german-police-storm-a-refugee-center-in-hamburg-after-a-knife-wielding-man-barricades-himself-in-a-room-with-a-pregnant-woman-believed-to-be.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
3. [Elections in Germany: Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/elections-in-germany-regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with.md) _Context: Germany, SPD_
4. [In Germany, a Hamburg court fines Google -145,000 for violating privacy laws with its Street View service. ](/news/2013/04/22/in-germany-a-hamburg-court-fines-google-145-000-for-violating-privacy-laws-with-its-street-view-service.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
5. [ A Lufthansa Airbus 320 nearly crashes while landing in Hamburg, Germany due to high winds. The pilot was able to stabilize the plane and successfully landed on the second try. No one was injured. ](/news/2008/03/2/a-lufthansa-airbus-320-nearly-crashes-while-landing-in-hamburg-germany-due-to-high-winds-the-pilot-was-able-to-stabilize-the-plane-and-su.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
6. [ 2007 North Sea flood: The German ports of Hamburg and Bremerhaven suffer in the floods. ](/news/2007/11/10/2007-north-sea-flood-the-german-ports-of-hamburg-and-bremerhaven-suffer-in-the-floods.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
7. [ Mounir El Motassadeq is sentenced by a court in Hamburg, Germany to 15 years in jail for his role in the planning of the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2007/01/8/mounir-el-motassadeq-is-sentenced-by-a-court-in-hamburg-germany-to-15-years-in-jail-for-his-role-in-the-planning-of-the-september-11-2001.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
8. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: Germany, SPD_
9. [ In Germany, Social Democratic Party chairman Franz Mntefering announces his intention to retire after the party convention on November 14. The decision came after his candidate for Secretary General of the SPD, Kajo Wasserhvel, lost to left-wing candidate Andrea Nahles. ](/news/2005/10/31/in-germany-social-democratic-party-chairman-franz-muntefering-announces-his-intention-to-retire-after-the-party-convention-on-november-14.md) _Context: Germany, SPD_
10. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: Germany, SPD_
