### [2011-06-15](/news/2011/06/15/index.md)

# 2011 Puyehue eruption:. Australian airlines QANTAS and Virgin Australia suspends flights to Perth, Western Australia, due to ash from the eruption in Chile, with flights to Tasmania and New Zealand also cancelled. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5g9DcQLpFCGPKBirlX5owAAoSdXBg?docId=CNG.b80e20ba7a8a0ad5c8dedc098860570c.01)
2. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-13772979)
3. [NineMSN](http://news.ninemsn.com.au/national/8261320/virgin-qantas-suspend-flights-to-perth)

### Related:

1. [Australian airlines QANTAS and Virgin Australia cancel flights to New Zealand and postpone flights to Argentina due to the continued presence of volcanic ash from the 2011 Puyehue eruption. ](/news/2011/06/16/australian-airlines-qantas-and-virgin-australia-cancel-flights-to-new-zealand-and-postpone-flights-to-argentina-due-to-the-continued-presenc.md) _Context: 2011 Puyehue eruption, New Zealand, Qantas, Virgin Australia_
2. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Chile, New Zealand_
3. [Flights resume in southeast Australia as the volcanic ash cloud from the 2011 Puyehue-Cordon Caulle eruption clears although flights to Tasmania and New Zealand are still affected. ](/news/2011/06/22/flights-resume-in-southeast-australia-as-the-volcanic-ash-cloud-from-the-2011-puyehue-corda3n-caulle-eruption-clears-although-flights-to-tas.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania_
4. [The Australian airline Qantas is fined NZ$6.5 million for breaches of the Commerce Act in New Zealand, the biggest penalty for price fixing in the history of that country. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-australian-airline-qantas-is-fined-nz-6-5-million-for-breaches-of-the-commerce-act-in-new-zealand-the-biggest-penalty-for-price-fixing.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Qantas_
5. [Australian east coast low. The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: Australia, Tasmania_
6. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS "Endeavour" used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook-o.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
7. [Australian electronics retailer Dick Smith, placed in administration by creditors in January, will close 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand with nearly 3000 people to lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/02/25/australian-electronics-retailer-dick-smith-placed-in-administration-by-creditors-in-january-will-close-301-stores-in-australia-and-62-in-n.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
9. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
10. [Gallipoli Landing 100th anniversary. Attendances at services to commemorate Anzac Day break attendance records in Australia and New Zealand. ](/news/2015/04/25/gallipoli-landing-100th-anniversary-attendances-at-services-to-commemorate-anzac-day-break-attendance-records-in-australia-and-new-zealand.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
