### [2011-06-15](/news/2011/06/15/index.md)

# Rebels make fresh gains against forces of Muammar Gaddafi in the east and west of the country. 

Gains come as NATO bombs Tripoli, with strikes hitting eastern neighbourhoods of the capital city.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2011/06/2011614133151319133.html)
2. [CNN](http://globalpublicsquare.blogs.cnn.com/2011/06/15/what-does-the-libya-lawsuit-mean/)
3. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0611/57032.html)

### Related:

1. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
2. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
3. [Two sons of former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, Al-Saadi Gaddafi and Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, are scheduled to appear in court along with 35 other former government officials on charges of murder, embezzlement, and kidnapping during the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2014/04/14/two-sons-of-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-al-saadi-gaddafi-and-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-are-scheduled-to-appear-in-court-along-with.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [The British government pays GBP2.23 million to the family of Sami al-Saadi, who with his wife and young children, was abducted with the help of MI-6, forced onto a plane and secretly flown to Tripoli, where he was tortured for years by the security police of the former dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-british-government-pays-agbp2-23-million-to-the-family-of-sami-al-saadi-who-with-his-wife-and-young-children-was-abducted-with-the-hel.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [Baghdadi Mahmudi, a former Prime Minister of Libya, under Muammar Gaddafi, goes on trial in Tripoli charged with "acts that led to the unjust killing of Libyans". ](/news/2012/12/10/baghdadi-mahmudi-a-former-prime-minister-of-libya-under-muammar-gaddafi-goes-on-trial-in-tripoli-charged-with-acts-that-led-to-the-unjus.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
7. [Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-near-the-town-of-tarhouna-40-miles-south-o.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [Several sources claim that a French spy killed Muammar Gaddafi in 2011; the motive to try to conceal Ghadaffi's financial support of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 presidential election campaign. A French source dismisses the story as "nonsense". ](/news/2012/10/2/several-sources-claim-that-a-french-spy-killed-muammar-gaddafi-in-2011-the-motive-to-try-to-conceal-ghadaffi-s-financial-support-of-nicolas.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting: The Libyan Army launches a new full-scale assault against the town of Bani Walid, accusing it of being controlled by supporters of the late Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2012/10/19/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-the-libyan-army-launches-a-new-full-scale-assault-against-the-town-of-bani-walid-accusing-it-of-b.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [Over documents delivered to Saif al-Islam, detained son of slain leader Muammar Gaddafi, Libya arrests an Australian lawyer from the International Criminal Court (ICC) for trying "to deliver documents to the accused, documents that have nothing to do with his case and that represent a danger to the security of Libya". ](/news/2012/06/10/over-documents-delivered-to-saif-al-islam-detained-son-of-slain-leader-muammar-gaddafi-libya-arrests-an-australian-lawyer-from-the-interna.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
