### [2011-06-15](/news/2011/06/15/index.md)

# The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences changes the rules regarding the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 84th Academy Awards, allowing anywhere from five to ten nominees, provided that each receives a minimum of 5% of the nominating votes. 




### Source:

1. [Variety](http://www.variety.com/article/VR1118038610)

### Related:

1. [The Motion Picture Academy announces the nominees for the 87th Academy Awards best picture at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California. The nominations are "American Sniper", "Birdman", "Boyhood", "The Grand Budapest Hotel", "The Imitation Game", "Selma", "The Theory of Everything", and "Whiplash". ](/news/2015/01/15/the-motion-picture-academy-announces-the-nominees-for-the-87th-academy-awards-best-picture-at-the-samuel-goldwyn-theater-in-beverly-hills-c.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture, Motion Picture Academy_
2. [Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu becomes the second Mexican director to win Academy Award for Best Director for "Birdman". "Birdman" then wins the Academy Award for Best Picture. ](/news/2015/02/22/alejandro-gonza-lez-ia-a-rritu-becomes-the-second-mexican-director-to-win-academy-award-for-best-director-for-birdman-birdman-then-wins.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
3. ["12 Years a Slave" wins three Oscars, including the Academy Award for Best Picture. ](/news/2014/03/3/12-years-a-slave-wins-three-oscars-including-the-academy-award-for-best-picture.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
4. [Nominations for the 2012 Academy Awards are announced ](/news/2012/01/24/nominations-for-the-2012-academy-awards-are-announced.md) _Context: 2012 Academy Awards_
5. [Nominations for the 82nd Academy Awards are announced. "Avatar" and "The Hurt Locker" lead the way with nine nominations each, and are both among ten nominees for Best Picture, the first time more than five films have been up for consideration since 1943. ](/news/2010/02/2/nominations-for-the-82nd-academy-awards-are-announced-avatar-and-the-hurt-locker-lead-the-way-with-nine-nominations-each-and-are-both.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
6. [ "Slumdog Millionaire" wins eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Director for Danny Boyle. Sean Penn wins Best Actor for "Milk" and Kate Winslet wins Best Actress for "The Reader". ](/news/2009/02/22/slumdog-millionaire-wins-eight-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-director-for-danny-boyle-sean-penn-wins-best-actor-for-milk.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
7. [ 79th Academy Awards: "The Departed" wins four Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Martin Scorsese. Helen Mirren wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in "The Queen". Forest Whitaker won the Academy Award for Best Actor for playing Idi Amin in "The Last King of Scotland". Alan Arkin won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Little Miss Sunshine" with Jennifer Hudson winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Dreamgirls". ](/news/2007/02/25/79th-academy-awards-the-departed-wins-four-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-best-director-for-martin-scorsese-helen-mirren-win.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
8. [ 78th Academy Awards: "Crash" wins Best Picture, Ang Lee ("Brokeback Mountain") wins Best Director, Reese Witherspoon ("Walk the Line") wins Best Actress, and Philip Seymour Hoffman ("Capote") wins Best Actor. ](/news/2006/03/5/78th-academy-awards-crash-wins-best-picture-ang-lee-brokeback-mountain-wins-best-director-reese-witherspoon-walk-the-line-wins.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
9. [ Carmine Caridi is expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (the "Academy" in the Academy Awards) by vote after having been found to have leaked hundreds of screeners over the past five years to Russell Sprague in Chicago.](/news/2004/02/5/carmine-caridi-is-expelled-from-the-academy-of-motion-picture-arts-and-sciences-the-academy-in-the-academy-awards-by-vote-after-having.md) _Context: Motion Picture Academy_
10. [ 76th Academy Awards: "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" wins Best Picture and Director awards and nine others for a total of 11 Academy Awards, a tie for the most ever won by a single film, and the largest sweep ever for a single film, having received 11 nominations. Acting honors were as follows: Best Actor: Sean Penn for "Mystic River", Best Actress: Charlize Theron for "Monster", Best Supporting Actor: Tim Robbins for "Mystic River", Best Supporting Actress: Renee Zellweger for "Cold Mountain". ](/news/2004/02/29/76th-academy-awards-the-lord-of-the-rings-the-return-of-the-king-wins-best-picture-and-director-awards-and-nine-others-for-a-total-of-1.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
