### [2011-06-15](/news/2011/06/15/index.md)

# The Associated Press claims that the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency is building an airbase in the Persian Gulf to target terrorists in the event of a terrorist element taking control of Yemen. 

The fighters are expanding their reach in a nearly lawless region of southern Yemen.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Richmond Times-Dispatch](http://www2.timesdispatch.com/news/2011/jun/15/TDMAIN04-us-building-air-base-in-persian-gulf-ar-1108847/)
2. [AP via ''USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2011-06-15-yemen-militants-attack_n.htm)

### Related:

1. [Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. ](/news/2016/01/7/iran-says-last-night-saudi-warplanes-bombed-its-embassy-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-wounding-several-of-its-guards-the-associated-press.md) _Context: Associated Press, Yemen_
2. [Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-they-had-allegedly-entered-iranian.md) _Context: Associated Press, Persian Gulf_
3. [An investigation by the Associated Press and German media uncovers a secret prison suspected of having been operated by the Central Intelligence Agency in Bucharest, Romania. ](/news/2011/12/8/an-investigation-by-the-associated-press-and-german-media-uncovers-a-secret-prison-suspected-of-having-been-operated-by-the-central-intellig.md) _Context: Associated Press, CIA_
4. [An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen-with-six-aboard-five-of-whom-have-been-rescued.md) _Context: Yemen_
5. [At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north-of-the-yemeni-capital-sanaa.md) _Context: Yemen_
6. [At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-forced-300-people.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-head-of-aden-governor.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Yemen_
