### [2003-07-19](/news/2003/07/19/index.md)

#  The US Iraqi Governing Council announces that it has failed to select a new Iraqi President.




### Related:

1. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, President_
2. [ United States forces and Iraqi police raid the home of controversial Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmed Chalabi, arresting several members of the Iraqi National Congress and seizing documents. The US severs its financial ties with the group, and accuses it of currency exchange racketeering, theft, and obstructing the Oil for food investigation. ](/news/2004/05/20/united-states-forces-and-iraqi-police-raid-the-home-of-controversial-iraqi-governing-council-member-ahmed-chalabi-arresting-several-member.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
3. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
4. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.](/news/2003/10/13/2003-occupation-of-iraq-new-draft-resolution-being-circulated-at-the-united-nations-aims-at-getting-international-aid-the-resolution-sets.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
5. [ Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.](/news/2003/09/9/iraq-the-iraqi-governing-council-gains-the-seat-at-the-arab-league-left-open-since-saddam-hussein-s-ouster-by-the-us-led-coalition-earlier.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
6. [ WMD: An early draft of an interim report by the inspectors for banned weapons in Iraq says his team has not found any of the unconventional weapons cited by President George W. Bush as a principal reason for going to war. CIA stresses report is not final and inspectors are still getting data.](/news/2003/09/25/wmd-an-early-draft-of-an-interim-report-by-the-inspectors-for-banned-weapons-in-iraq-says-his-team-has-not-found-any-of-the-unconventional.md) _Context: Iraq, President_
7. [ Belgium's highest court, the Court of Cassation, throws out case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli General Amos Yaron. Also, a case against former U.S. President George H. W. Bush (for war crimes in Iraq) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is dismissed.](/news/2003/09/24/belgium-s-highest-court-the-court-of-cassation-throws-out-case-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-israeli-general-amos-yaron-also.md) _Context: Iraq, President_
8. [ Iraq: A U.S.-led coalition-backed Iraqi Governing Council member, Ayad Allawi, announces restrictions of the operations of TV networks al Jazeera and al-Arabiya. The networks are barred from reporting on official activities and news conferences and from entering ministries and office buildings for the next two weeks. The council claims they incited anti-occupation violence (by airing statements from resistance leaders; specifically broadcasting a video of "terrorists terrorizing Iraqis"), increased ethnic and sectarian tensions and were supportive of the lawless resistance. Allawi hopes the ban sends a "very clear message" to other stations. Al Jazeera responds that it is trying to give a balanced view of the current situation in Iraq and that it considers its ethical standards to be similar to western ones. The Coalition Provisional Authority has not responded to inquiries about the announcement.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-u-s-led-coalition-backed-iraqi-governing-council-member-ayad-allawi-announces-restrictions-of-the-operations-of-tv-networks-al-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
9. [ Iraq: To open up its economy, the Iraq leadership council unveils sweeping free market reforms permitting foreign investment and imposes income taxes - but keeps oil under government control.](/news/2003/09/21/iraq-to-open-up-its-economy-the-iraq-leadership-council-unveils-sweeping-free-market-reforms-permitting-foreign-investment-and-imposes-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
10. [ Japan is to freeze and confiscate assets linked to the removed Iraqi regime based on a United Nations resolution. The assets belong to former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, his two sons, and 52 other former top officials of the removed regime.](/news/2003/09/10/japan-is-to-freeze-and-confiscate-assets-linked-to-the-removed-iraqi-regime-based-on-a-united-nations-resolution-the-assets-belong-to-form.md) _Context: Iraq, President_
