
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/04/28/at-falluja-50-nbsp-km-from-baghdad-american-soldiers-from-the-82nd-airborne-opened-fire-on-a-group-of-protesters-killing-between-six-and.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/04/28/at-falluja-50-nbsp-km-from-baghdad-american-soldiers-from-the-82nd-airborne-opened-fire-on-a-group-of-protesters-killing-between-six-and.json)  [XML](/news/2003/04/28/at-falluja-50-nbsp-km-from-baghdad-american-soldiers-from-the-82nd-airborne-opened-fire-on-a-group-of-protesters-killing-between-six-and.xml)  

### [2003-04-28](/news/2003/04/28/index.md)

##### Falluja
#  At Falluja, 50&nbsp;km from Baghdad, American soldiers from the 82nd Airborne opened fire on a group of protesters, killing between six and 17 and leaving others injured. The incident occurred during a demonstration outside a local school were American forces were stationed. The day before two soldiers were wounded in Ramadi when a hand grenade was thrown from a crowd. Different variasions of the incident exist. two days later on April 30, 2003, another shooting incident occurred in which three people died. After the incidents relations with the populus of Falluja soured, and tensions would continue to build until the November 2004 Battle of Falluja.




### Related:

1. [ Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-military-operation-to-recapture-falluja-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Falluja_
2. [ A suicide bomber explodes in a police recruitment centre in Falluja, Iraq killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2007/05/31/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-in-a-police-recruitment-centre-in-falluja-iraq-killing-at-least-20-people.md) _Context: Falluja_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. ](/news/2005/12/2/conflict-in-iraq-10-u-s-marines-are-killed-following-an-insurgent-roadside-bomb-attack-in-falluja.md) _Context: Falluja_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Falluja_
5. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan warns that an assault on Falluja may result in a Sunni Muslim boycott of January elections. British ambassador to Iraq Jones Parry states: "You can't have an area the size of Falluja operating as a base for terrorism." Iraqi Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi describes Annan's letter as confused and unclear. ](/news/2004/11/5/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-an-assault-on-falluja-may-result-in-a-sunni-muslim-boycott-of-january-elections-bri.md) _Context: Falluja_
