### [2012-07-14](/news/2012/07/14/index.md)

# The musical ''Chicago'' is to close after a run of 15 years on London's West End, the longest run for a revival in British theatre. 

Long-running West End show Chicago &amp;#8211; which has featured an array of star names &amp;#8211; is to close after nearly 15 years.


### Source:

1. [The Scotsman](http://www.scotsman.com/lifestyle/music/news-and-features/musical-chicago-to-close-after-15-years-1-2411986)

### Related:

1. [Michael Jackson's memorial plaque will be unveiled at a West End theatre in London on June 24. In mid-February Los Angeles coroners have released a report of his autopsy, which said his death was a homicide. ](/news/2010/06/20/michael-jackson-s-memorial-plaque-will-be-unveiled-at-a-west-end-theatre-in-london-on-june-24-in-mid-february-los-angeles-coroners-have-rel.md) _Context: London, West End_
2. [Five men in London are attacked with acid in five potentially linked attacks. Two young suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-potentially-linked-attacks-two-young-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
3. [A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attending-the-scene-no-casu.md) _Context: London_
4. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
5. [The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-metropolitan-police-ser.md) _Context: London_
6. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
7. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
8. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
