### [2005-11-7](/news/2005/11/7/index.md)

#  India's foreign minister, K. Natwar Singh, is forced to step down from his post amid allegations that he and the governing Indian National Congress had illegally benefited from the UN Oil-for-Food Programme in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-11-07T144216Z_01_HO752859_RTRUKOC_0_UK-INDIA-UN-VOLCKER.xml)

### Related:

1. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: India, Indian National Congress_
2. [46 Indian nurses held hostage by the ISIS for almost a month in Tikrit, Iraq, arrive at Cochin airport, Kochi, India. ](/news/2014/07/5/46-indian-nurses-held-hostage-by-the-isis-for-almost-a-month-in-tikrit-iraq-arrive-at-cochin-airport-kochi-india.md) _Context: India, Iraq_
3. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: Iraq, oil-for-food programme_
4. [Siddaramaiah of the Indian National Congress party is sworn in as the 22nd Chief Minister of the southern Indian state of Karnataka. ](/news/2013/05/13/siddaramaiah-of-the-indian-national-congress-party-is-sworn-in-as-the-22nd-chief-minister-of-the-southern-indian-state-of-karnataka.md) _Context: India, Indian National Congress_
5. [ Manmohan Singh of the National Congress is reelected as Prime Minister of India. ](/news/2009/05/19/manmohan-singh-of-the-national-congress-is-reelected-as-prime-minister-of-india.md) _Context: India, Indian National Congress_
6. [ President of India, APJ Kalam meets Syed Sibte Razi, governor of the northern state Jharkhand after opposition protests. Despite the hung elections in the assembly, the governor has appointed Jharkhand Mukti Morcha party member Shibu Soren as a chief minister. JMM is part of a political alliance backed by the Congress Party ](/news/2005/03/4/president-of-india-apj-kalam-meets-syed-sibte-razi-governor-of-the-northern-state-jharkhand-after-opposition-protests-despite-the-hung-e.md) _Context: India, Indian National Congress_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the  mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals , including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states.md) _Context: Iraq_
