### [2007-11-8](/news/2007/11/8/index.md)

#  The United States Senate confirms Michael Mukasey as the Attorney General of the United States. 

Michael Mukasey took office as attorney general on Friday, the Justice Department said, after the Senate confirmed him despite concerns about his stance on torture.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN0827895620071109?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-level-positions-including-senator-jeff-sessi.md) _Context: Attorney General, United States senators_
2. [The United States Senate confirms Loretta Lynch as the Attorney General of the United States. Lynch will be the first African-American woman to hold the position. ](/news/2015/04/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-loretta-lynch-as-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-lynch-will-be-the-first-african-american-woman.md) _Context: Attorney General, United States senators_
3. [Eric Holder announces his resignation as Attorney General of the United States, effective from when the Senate confirms a successor. [http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/09/25/351363171/eric-holder-to-step-down-as-attorney-general (NPR)].](/news/2014/09/25/eric-holder-announces-his-resignation-as-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-effective-from-when-the-senate-confirms-a-successor-http.md) _Context: Attorney General, United States senators_
4. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Attorney General, United States senators_
5. [ President George W. Bush nominates Michael Mukasey to replace Alberto Gonzales as the next Attorney-General of the United States. ](/news/2007/09/17/president-george-w-bush-nominates-michael-mukasey-to-replace-alberto-gonzales-as-the-next-attorney-general-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Attorney General, Michael Mukasey_
6. [ United States Senate Democratic Party officials seek a vote of no confidence on Attorney-General Alberto Gonzales. ](/news/2007/05/17/united-states-senate-democratic-party-officials-seek-a-vote-of-no-confidence-on-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales.md) _Context: Attorney General, United States senators_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States senators_
8. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States senators_
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States senators_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States senators_
