### [2013-04-27](/news/2013/04/27/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:. The Free Syrian Army accuses the government of Iraq of conducting an airstrike against its forces in Deir ez-Zor, a town in eastern Syria. 

Activists say an attack in the east may have originated in Iraq.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/27/world/middleeast/syria.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Twin bombings kill at least 40 people, mostly Shia Iraqi pilgrims, and wound over 100 in the Bab al-Saghir area of Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/11/syrian-civil-war-twin-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-mostly-shia-iraqi-pilgrims-and-wound-over-100-in-the-bab-al-saghir-area-of-damascu.md) _Context: Iraq, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of al-Bab. The Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army captures Al-Bab from ISIL after months of fighting. ](/news/2017/02/24/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-the-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-captures-al-bab-from-isil-after-months-of-fighting.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of al-Bab. Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-h.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Deir ez-Zor offensive (January 2017). ISIL's third attack against the Syrian government's forces in the city of Deir ez-Zor reportedly splits the government held area in two. An estimated 14,000 ISIL fighters are participating in the attack according to the government. ](/news/2017/01/16/syrian-civil-war-deir-ez-zor-offensive-january-2017-isil-s-third-attack-against-the-syrian-government-s-forces-in-the-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/syrian-civil-war-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war. Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/syrian-civil-war-amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war. The Turkish Armed Forces and US-backed Syrian rebels launch an initially successful campaign to capture the town of Jarabulus from ISIL. The Turkish Land Forces are also shelling YPG positions to prevent them from capturing areas that ISIL will retreat from. ](/news/2016/08/24/syrian-civil-war-the-turkish-armed-forces-and-us-backed-syrian-rebels-launch-an-initially-successful-campaign-to-capture-the-town-of-jarabu.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
