### [2006-12-27](/news/2006/12/27/index.md)

#  Former U.S. Senator and 2004 Democratic Vice-Presidential Candidate John Edwards will run for the 2008 Democratic Presidential Nomination. 

Former Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards is running for president for a second time, his campaign said Wednesday. NBC News confirmed the senator&#8217;s intention to run. [!]


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/16371206/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/061227/061227_edwardsNO_hmed_2p.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. federal prosecutors drop corruption charges against former Senator John Edwards following a mistrial. ](/news/2012/06/13/u-s-federal-prosecutors-drop-corruption-charges-against-former-senator-john-edwards-following-a-mistrial.md) _Context: John Edwards_
2. [A jury clears former Democratic Party candidate for Vice-President of the United States John Edwards on one count of corruption, with the judge ordering a mistrial on the other five counts. ](/news/2012/05/31/a-jury-clears-former-democratic-party-candidate-for-vice-president-of-the-united-states-john-edwards-on-one-count-of-corruption-with-the-ju.md) _Context: John Edwards_
3. [The North Carolina trial of former U.S. Senator and presidential hopeful John Edwards, concerning the use of illegal campaign donations to cover up an affair with a mistress, begins. ](/news/2012/04/23/the-north-carolina-trial-of-former-u-s-senator-and-presidential-hopeful-john-edwards-concerning-the-use-of-illegal-campaign-donations-to-c.md) _Context: John Edwards_
4. [John Edwards, former United States presidential candidate and Senator representing North Carolina, is indicted on charges of conspiracy and violating campaign finance laws in connection to his affair with Rielle Hunter; Edwards denies he broke any laws. ](/news/2011/06/3/john-edwards-former-united-states-presidential-candidate-and-senator-representing-north-carolina-is-indicted-on-charges-of-conspiracy-and.md) _Context: John Edwards_
5. [ Former U.S. Senator and Democratic ex-presidential candidate John Edwards admits to an affair with Rielle Hunter after having earlier denied it. ](/news/2008/08/8/former-u-s-senator-and-democratic-ex-presidential-candidate-john-edwards-admits-to-an-affair-with-rielle-hunter-after-having-earlier-denie.md) _Context: John Edwards_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: John Edwards, a former contender to be the Democratic Party nominee, endorses the bid of Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/05/14/united-states-presidential-election-2008-john-edwards-a-former-contender-to-be-the-democratic-party-nominee-endorses-the-bid-of-barack.md) _Context: John Edwards_
7. [ Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards withdraws his candidacy. ](/news/2008/01/30/former-north-carolina-senator-john-edwards-withdraws-his-candidacy.md) _Context: John Edwards_
8. [ Elizabeth Edwards, wife of former Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards, announces that she has breast cancer.](/news/2004/11/4/elizabeth-edwards-wife-of-former-democratic-vice-presidential-candidate-john-edwards-announces-that-she-has-breast-cancer.md) _Context: John Edwards_
9. [ U.S. presidential campaign: Incumbent US Vice President Dick Cheney and challenger Senator John Edwards meet in Cleveland, Ohio, for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2004/10/5/u-s-presidential-campaign-incumbent-us-vice-president-dick-cheney-and-challenger-senator-john-edwards-meet-in-cleveland-ohio-for-the-on.md) _Context: John Edwards_
10. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5941189/ (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http://www.misleader.org/daily_mislead/Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/B/BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean/AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: John Edwards_
