### [2017-03-31](/news/2017/03/31/index.md)

# Luisa Ortega Diaz, Venezuela's attorney general, denounces a rupture of the constitutional order. Some protesters hold banners reading: "No To Dictatorship". 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKBN1721P8)

### Related:

1. [Venezuela's Supreme Court reverses their controversial ruling. The court restores legislative power to the National Assembly. However, the court's decision still allows President Nicolas Maduro to enter joint-venture deals. ](/news/2017/04/1/venezuela-s-supreme-court-reverses-their-controversial-ruling-the-court-restores-legislative-power-to-the-national-assembly-however-the-c.md) _Context: 2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly_
2. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: 2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly_
3. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: attorney general_
4. [Tonga's Attorney-General suddenly resigns amidst allegations the government is trying to take over his judiciary. ](/news/2010/04/30/tonga-s-attorney-general-suddenly-resigns-amidst-allegations-the-government-is-trying-to-take-over-his-judiciary.md) _Context: attorney general_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: attorney general_
6. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: Monica Goodling, who was an assistant counsel to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, resigns after refusing to testify before the Congress. ](/news/2007/04/6/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-monica-goodling-who-was-an-assistant-counsel-to-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-resigns-after.md) _Context: attorney general_
7. [ Kelvin Thomson, the Shadow Attorney-General, in Australia resigns after it is discovered that he provided a reference to fugitive accused drug trafficker Tony Mokbel when Mokbel applied for a liquor licence in 2000. ](/news/2007/03/9/kelvin-thomson-the-shadow-attorney-general-in-australia-resigns-after-it-is-discovered-that-he-provided-a-reference-to-fugitive-accused-d.md) _Context: attorney general_
8. [ Australian Attorney-General Philip Ruddock tables the multi-volume Cole Inquiry report. It finds that the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard, his ministers or Australian government departments were not aware of AWB Limited paying kickbacks to the regime of Saddam Hussein to buy Australian wheat under the Oil for Food program. ](/news/2006/11/27/australian-attorney-general-philip-ruddock-tables-the-multi-volume-cole-inquiry-report-it-finds-that-the-prime-minister-of-australia-john.md) _Context: attorney general_
9. [ The Attorney-General of Israel delivers a brief to the Supreme Court of Israel arguing that the President of Israel Moshe Katsav should stand aside pending a possible indictment for rape. ](/news/2006/10/29/the-attorney-general-of-israel-delivers-a-brief-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-arguing-that-the-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-should-sta.md) _Context: attorney general_
10. [ CIA flights: French newspaper ''Le Figaro'' reveals that the attorney general of Bobigny has opened up an investigation concerning the landing of a CIA flight in Le Bourget Airport following a complaint deposed at the end of December 2005 by NGOs International Federation of Human Rights Leagues and the French ''Ligue des droits de l'homme''. ](/news/2006/03/2/cia-flights-french-newspaper-le-figaro-reveals-that-the-attorney-general-of-bobigny-has-opened-up-an-investigation-concerning-the-land.md) _Context: attorney general_
