### [2010-12-9](/news/2010/12/9/index.md)

# A national high-tech crime team in The Hague arrests a 16-year-old male they accuse of disrupting MasterCard and PayPal websites. Both companies previously cut off donations to the WikiLeaks website. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/news/world/article/904337--dutch-police-arrest-16-year-old-in-mastercard-paypal-website-attacks?bn=1)
2. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9fe2f098-03c3-11e0-8c3f-00144feabdc0.html#axzz17dxuqC1W)
3. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/teen-arrested-over-visa-cyber-attacks/story-e6frf7jx-1225968705886)

### Related:

1. [United States diplomatic cables leak:Reporters Without Borders condemns "the blocking, cyber-attacks and political pressure" against the WikiLeaks website, describing it as the first "attempt at the international community level to censor a website dedicated to the principle of transparency" and comparing the behaviour of France and the United States to that of China. American payment service provider PayPal cuts off the account the WikiLeaks website uses to collect donations. ](/news/2010/12/4/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-preporters-without-borders-condemns-the-blocking-cyber-attacks-and-political-pressure-against-the-wi.md) _Context: PayPal, Wikileaks_
2. [Credit card companies such as Visa and MasterCard that prevented card-holders from donating money to the whistleblower website WikiLeaks could have their operating licenses taken away in Iceland. A parliament investigation is ongoing. ](/news/2010/12/15/credit-card-companies-such-as-visa-and-mastercard-that-prevented-card-holders-from-donating-money-to-the-whistleblower-website-wikileaks-cou.md) _Context: MasterCard, Wikileaks_
3. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
4. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: The Hague_
5. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
7. [WikiLeaks releases 500 internal documents and emails allegedly from the American Embassy in Sana'a, Yemen. ](/news/2016/11/25/wikileaks-releases-500-internal-documents-and-emails-allegedly-from-the-american-embassy-in-sana-a-yemen.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
8. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: PayPal_
9. [Imprisoned former American Army intelligence analyst and transgender person Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth, will have the military provide the costs of gender reassignment surgery. She was convicted by court-martial in July 2013 of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses, after disclosing to WikiLeaks nearly three-quarters of a million classified or unclassified but sensitive military and diplomatic documents. ](/news/2016/09/13/imprisoned-former-american-army-intelligence-analyst-and-transgender-person-chelsea-manning-who-is-serving-a-35-year-sentence-at-fort-leave.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
10. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: Wikileaks_
