### [2010-12-9](/news/2010/12/9/index.md)

# Governor of the U.S. state of Florida Charlie Crist posthumously pardons Jim Morrison, the lead singer of The Doors, for indecent exposure. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11961715?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Atlantic Hurricane season: The Governor of Florida Charlie Crist declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Fay is due to hit Florida on Monday, possibly at hurricane strength. ](/news/2008/08/16/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-governor-of-florida-charlie-crist-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-fay-is-due-to-hit-flo.md) _Context: Charlie Crist, Florida, Governor of Florida_
2. [A newly discovered prehistoric lizard, ''Barbaturex morrisoni'', is named after Doors singer Jim Morrison who called himself "The Lizard King". ](/news/2013/06/4/a-newly-discovered-prehistoric-lizard-barbaturex-morrisoni-is-named-after-doors-singer-jim-morrison-who-called-himself-the-lizard-kin.md) _Context: Doors, Jim Morrison_
3. [Governor Rick Scott of Florida signs the death warrant for Oba Chandler, convicted of the murder of three women in 1989, with the execution set for November 15. ](/news/2011/10/10/governor-rick-scott-of-florida-signs-the-death-warrant-for-oba-chandler-convicted-of-the-murder-of-three-women-in-1989-with-the-execution.md) _Context: Florida, Governor of Florida_
4. [ Florida Governor Charlie Crist ends the state's temporary voluntary moratorium on the death penalty by signing the death warrant of Mark Dean Schwab, convicted in 1992 of kidnapping, raping and murdering an 11-year-old boy in Cocoa, Florida.  He is scheduled to die on November 15, 2007. ](/news/2007/07/18/florida-governor-charlie-crist-ends-the-state-s-temporary-voluntary-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-by-signing-the-death-warrant-of-mark-de.md) _Context: Charlie Crist, Florida_
5. [ United States district court judge Jeremy Fogel imposes a moratorium on lethal injections in California stating that they are unconstitutional. In an unrelated incident, the Governor of Florida Jeb Bush has suspended lethal injections in Florida pending an investigation into the system after the recent execution of ngel Nieves Daz took 34 minutes after it was botched. ](/news/2006/12/15/united-states-district-court-judge-jeremy-fogel-imposes-a-moratorium-on-lethal-injections-in-california-stating-that-they-are-unconstitutio.md) _Context: Florida, Governor of Florida_
6. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida_
