### [2006-09-18](/news/2006/09/18/index.md)

#  2006 referendum in Transnistria: The vast majority of the population of Transdniestr, a self-proclaimed republic in Moldova, voted for independence and future accession to Russia, the central election committee said. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/world/20060918/53996091.html)

### Related:

1. [Romania offers neighboring Moldova a $65 million (60 million euros) loan to help stave off economic collapse  and keep the former Soviet Republic on a pro-European course, provided the Moldovan government implements major reforms. Government funds were needed to cover more than $1 billion that "disappeared" from  three Moldovan banks in November 2014. In the frigid capital Chisinau, 15,000 people from both the pro-European and pro-Russian sides of the political divide, protested  on Sunday against the current government  and demanded new elections. Prime Minister Pavel Filip, who took office last week, is the country's sixth PM in a year. ](/news/2016/01/26/romania-offers-neighboring-moldova-a-65-million-60-million-euros-loan-to-help-stave-off-economic-collapse-and-keep-the-former-soviet-rep.md) _Context: Moldova, Russia_
2. [Russia starts limiting its import of meat from Moldova as a reaction to the European Union Association Agreement signed on 27 June. ](/news/2014/07/3/russia-starts-limiting-its-import-of-meat-from-moldova-as-a-reaction-to-the-european-union-association-agreement-signed-on-27-june.md) _Context: Moldova, Russia_
3. [Ukraine-European Union Association Agreement:The European Union signs pacts with Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova in a move strongly opposed by Russia. ](/news/2014/06/27/ukraineaeuropean-union-association-agreement-pthe-european-union-signs-pacts-with-ukraine-georgia-and-moldova-in-a-move-strongly-opposed.md) _Context: Moldova, Russia_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
