### [2006-02-1](/news/2006/02/1/index.md)

#  Governor of West Virginia Joe Manchin asks for a halt in coal mining following two more coal mining deaths in the state that saw fourteen people die in coal mining disasters in January. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/US/02/01/mine.close/index.html (CNN)].




### Related:

1. [Voters in the US state of West Virginia go to the polls for a gubernatorial special election with acting Governor, Democrat Earl Ray Tomblin, being elected as Governor of West Virginia. ](/news/2011/10/4/voters-in-the-us-state-of-west-virginia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-gubernatorial-special-election-with-acting-governor-democrat-earl-ray-tomblin.md) _Context: Governor of West Virginia, West Virginia_
2. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: Joe Manchin_
3. [The Kanawha County sheriff's office reports the death toll is now 26--three more victims  were found overnight. It is the third-deadliest flood in West Virginia history.  ](/news/2016/06/25/the-kanawha-county-sheriff-s-office-reports-the-death-toll-is-now-26athree-more-victims-were-found-overnight-it-is-the-third-deadliest-f.md) _Context: West Virginia_
4. [West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in  Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/24/west-virginia-police-report-powerful-flash-floods-last-night-killed-at-least-26-people-and-swept-away-a-toddler-from-ravenswood-up-to-10-in.md) _Context: West Virginia_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016, Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic  and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-state-of-west-virginia-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: West Virginia_
6. [Twelve coal miners are killed following a gas leak in a mine near the Chinese city of Baishan in Jilin province. ](/news/2016/03/6/twelve-coal-miners-are-killed-following-a-gas-leak-in-a-mine-near-the-chinese-city-of-baishan-in-jilin-province.md) _Context: coal miners_
7. [China's Foreign Ministry announces French journalist Ursula Gauthier of news magazine L'Obs would not be issued press credentials for 2016, effectively expelling her at the end of month. Gauthier allegedly made speculative reports on the deadly attack at a coal mine in Xinjiang. ](/news/2015/12/26/china-s-foreign-ministry-announces-french-journalist-ursula-gauthier-of-news-magazine-l-obs-would-not-be-issued-press-credentials-for-2016.md) _Context: coal miners_
8. [The United States Federal Government recognizes same-sex marriage in Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia and Wyoming, bringing the total number of states with recognition of gay marriage to 32. ](/news/2014/10/25/the-united-states-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-alaska-arizona-idaho-north-carolina-west-virginia-and-wyoming-brin.md) _Context: West Virginia_
9. [West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin declares a state of emergency for 100,000 West Virginia American Water customers in five counties (Boone, Lincoln, Kanawha, Jackson, and Putnam) because of a spill of 4-methylcyclohexanemethanol into the Elk River. ](/news/2014/01/9/west-virginia-governor-earl-ray-tomblin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-100-000-west-virginia-american-water-customers-in-five-counties-b.md) _Context: West Virginia_
10. [A chemical leak in West Virginia morphs into a crisis after the contamination of a portion of the state's water supply. ](/news/2014/01/11/a-chemical-leak-in-west-virginia-morphs-into-a-crisis-after-the-contamination-of-a-portion-of-the-state-s-water-supply.md) _Context: West Virginia_
