### [2006-02-1](/news/2006/02/1/index.md)

#  More than 200 Israeli settlers and Israeli Security Forces are injured when the Security Forces brutally beat the settlers of the Amona outpost in the West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/676627.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Amona, Mateh Binyamin, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Israeli security guard, West Bank_
3. [World heritage sites: UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/world-heritage-sites-unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: West Bank_
4. [In a shooting incident near Huwara in the West Bank, a mob of some 200 Arabs hurl stones and rocks toward an Israeli car and try to lynch the driver. The Israeli driver fires his weapon, killing one Palestinian. ](/news/2017/05/18/in-a-shooting-incident-near-huwara-in-the-west-bank-a-mob-of-some-200-arabs-hurl-stones-and-rocks-toward-an-israeli-car-and-try-to-lynch-th.md) _Context: West Bank_
5. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: West Bank_
6. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: West Bank_
7. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: West Bank_
8. [Hundreds of right-wing activists gather to protest the court-ordered demolition of the Israeli settlement Ofra, which was built on private Palestinian land in the West Bank. Israeli police are evacuating nine homes in the settlement, despite hunger strikes and people barricading themselves inside. ](/news/2017/02/28/hundreds-of-right-wing-activists-gather-to-protest-the-court-ordered-demolition-of-the-israeli-settlement-ofra-which-was-built-on-private-p.md) _Context: West Bank_
9. [Israel-United States relations: Israeli-Palestinian peace process: The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements or expanding existing settlements in the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/israel-united-states-relations-israeli-palestinian-peace-process-the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expa.md) _Context: West Bank_
10. [Israel announces it will build an entirely new settlement in the West Bank for the first time in about twenty years. Many in the international community believe that such settlements are illegal but Israel disputes that. The settlement program is illegal under international law. ](/news/2017/02/1/israel-announces-it-will-build-an-entirely-new-settlement-in-the-west-bank-for-the-first-time-in-about-twenty-years-many-in-the-internation.md) _Context: West Bank_
