### [2012-08-21](/news/2012/08/21/index.md)

# United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, vows to continue as the US-wide fall-out over his rape, pregnancy and anti-abortion comments rages on. 

US Representative Todd Akin, under fire for controversial remarks on abortion and rape, has resisted pressure from fellow Republicans to drop out of the Missouri Senate race.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/0821/todd-akin-rape-abortion.html)

### Related:

1. [United States Congressman Todd Akin, who is also a candidate for the United States Senate, says "legitimate rape" would lead to pregnancy only in "really rare" cases. In a follow-up statement, he says that he "clearly misspoke" and that he holds a "deep empathy" for the "thousands of women who are raped each year". He stirs a US-wide controversy over the issue of abortion. ](/news/2012/08/20/united-states-congressman-todd-akin-who-is-also-a-candidate-for-the-united-states-senate-says-legitimate-rape-would-lead-to-pregnancy-on.md) _Context: Todd Akin, U.S. Congressional, United States senators, fall-out over his rape, pregnancy and anti-abortion comments_
2. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States senators_
3. [ Senator and President ''pro tempore'' of the United States Senate Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia becomes the longest serving member in the history of the United States Congress. ](/news/2009/11/18/senator-and-president-pro-tempore-of-the-united-states-senate-robert-c-byrd-of-west-virginia-becomes-the-longest-serving-member-in-the.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional, United States senators_
4. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States senators_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States senators_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States senators_
7. [U.S. Congressional negotiators reach a bipartisan agreement on the FY 2017 federal government budget that, once approved by both Houses, will fund the entire fiscal year through September 30. The current spending authorization expires  Friday, May 5. ](/news/2017/04/30/u-s-congressional-negotiators-reach-a-bipartisan-agreement-on-the-fy-2017-federal-government-budget-that-once-approved-by-both-houses-wil.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
8. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States senators_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States senators_
