### [2003-10-3](/news/2003/10/3/index.md)

#  General Wesley Clark suggests that members of the Bush administration may be liable to criminal charges in connection with the Iraq war. Clark alleges that the plans for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and other interventions in the Middle East (possibly including Lebanon and Syria), pre-dated the inauguration of the President and that the reasons for the war were misleadingly presented to the US people.




### Related:

1. [ An article in the "Washington Times", citing US Defense Department official John A. Shaw, alleges that Russian special forces moved weapons, explosives, and related materials out of Iraq and into Syria, Lebanon, and possibly Iran, shortly before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003. Russia denies the allegation, calling the claims "absurd". U.S. officials later say they cannot corroborate the claim, but are investigating. ](/news/2004/10/28/an-article-in-the-washington-times-citing-us-defense-department-official-john-a-shaw-alleges-that-russian-special-forces-moved-weapons.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria_
2. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East, Syria_
3. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, Middle East, Syria_
4. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: Iraq, Lebanon, Syria_
5. [ George W. Bush, the President of the United States says that Syria and Iran might be included in regional talks on the future of Iraq if they meet certain conditions. ](/news/2006/12/7/george-w-bush-the-president-of-the-united-states-says-that-syria-and-iran-might-be-included-in-regional-talks-on-the-future-of-iraq-if-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Syria_
6. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, Iraq_
7. [ In an open letter to Tony Blair, 52 former high ranking British diplomats, including former ambassadors to Iraq and Israel, condemn the Prime Minister's foreign policy stance in the Middle East as "doomed to failure" and also condemn George W. Bush's recent endorsement of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip while leaving some in the West Bank as "one-sided and illegal and which will cost yet more Israeli and Palestinian blood."](/news/2004/04/26/in-an-open-letter-to-tony-blair-52-former-high-ranking-british-diplomats-including-former-ambassadors-to-iraq-and-israel-condemn-the-pri.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Middle East_
8. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iraq, Lebanon, Syria_
9. [ US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/us-invasion-of-iraq-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-speech-that-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-and-his-sons-have-48-hour.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, Iraq_
10. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
