### [2003-10-3](/news/2003/10/3/index.md)

#  Iraq and weapons of mass destruction: The world continues to digest David Kay's report that finds very little evidence of Weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, although the regime did intend to develop more weapons with additional capabilities. Such plans and programs appear to have been dormant, the existence of these were also concealed from the United Nations during the inspections that began in 2002. Weapons inspectors in Iraq do find clandestine ""network of biological laboratories"" and a deadly strain of botulinum. The US-sponsored search for WMD has so far cost $300 million and is projected to cost around $600 million more.




### Related:

1. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.](/news/2003/02/7/the-chief-united-nations-arms-inspector-hans-blix-said-iraq-appeared-to-be-making-fresh-efforts-to-cooperate-with-u-n-teams-hunting-weapon.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations, weapons of mass destruction_
3. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
4. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
5. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations declares its highest state of emergency in Iraq following the advance of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-united-nations-declares-its-highest-state-of-emergency-in-iraq-following-the-advance-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
8. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations calls for an investigation after an Iraqi raid into an Iranian opposition Camp Ashraf which left 34 people dead. ](/news/2011/04/16/the-united-nations-calls-for-an-investigation-after-an-iraqi-raid-into-an-iranian-opposition-camp-ashraf-which-left-34-people-dead.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
