### [2003-10-3](/news/2003/10/3/index.md)

#  Polish soldiers of the United States-led Coalition discovered four advanced missiles around central Iraq in the Hilla region near a highway. The Roland-type French-made missiles (which are fired from a mobile launcher vehicle against low flying aircraft) were initially believed to have been manufactured earlier in 2003. Arms exports to Iraq had been barred by the United Nations after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. France says it last shipped Roland missiles to Iraq in 1986. The Polish soldiers were later found to have misinterpreted markings that read 07-01-KND 2003 as a date on the missiles.<ref name="reuters2">url=http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=3558401 title=Breaking News, Top News & Latest News Headlines - Reuters.com December 2015</ref>




### Related:

1. [Al Arabiya television reports that three rockets have hit the border area between Kuwait and Iraq. ](/news/2011/08/26/al-arabiya-television-reports-that-three-rockets-have-hit-the-border-area-between-kuwait-and-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
2. [The United States ends combat operations in Iraq as its last combat brigade departs for Kuwait. ](/news/2010/08/18/the-united-states-ends-combat-operations-in-iraq-as-its-last-combat-brigade-departs-for-kuwait.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
3. [Iraq announces the dissolution of state-owned Iraqi Airways over the next three years and the pursuit of private options to avoid asset claims made by Kuwait over their 1990-91 war. ](/news/2010/05/26/iraq-announces-the-dissolution-of-state-owned-iraqi-airways-over-the-next-three-years-and-the-pursuit-of-private-options-to-avoid-asset-clai.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
4. [ Kuwait names Ali al-Momen as its first ambassador to Iraq since the Gulf War. ](/news/2008/07/17/kuwait-names-ali-al-momen-as-its-first-ambassador-to-iraq-since-the-gulf-war.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
5. [ An independent investigation into $8.2 billion in United States Department of Defense spending in Iraq, as well as aid to Egypt and Kuwait since 2001 finds that 95% of payments to contractors failed to meet requirements for documentation to determine what was paid for. ](/news/2008/05/23/an-independent-investigation-into-8-2-billion-in-united-states-department-of-defense-spending-in-iraq-as-well-as-aid-to-egypt-and-kuwait.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
6. [ Justice officials in Kuwait, with assistance from United Nations war crimes expert Sharif Basyouni, complete an indictment against Saddam Hussein and several former Iraqi officials for crimes against humanity during the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. ](/news/2005/05/11/justice-officials-in-kuwait-with-assistance-from-united-nations-war-crimes-expert-sharif-basyouni-complete-an-indictment-against-saddam-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
7. [ United Nations' nuclear watchdog group and other U.N. diplomats state that nuclear-related equipment, some contaminated, and a number of missile engines have been smuggled out of Iraq for recycling in Jewometaal Stainless Processing B.V. scrap yards. Satellite photos detect ""the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings"" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has also reiterated a call for arms inspectors to return to Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/15/united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-group-and-other-u-n-diplomats-state-that-nuclear-related-equipment-some-contaminated-and-a-number-of-mi.md) _Context: Iraq, rocket attacks_
8. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
9. [ Poland apologizes to France for its claims that it had found newly produced Roland surface-to-air missiles in Iraq. It is believed that the Polish soldiers misinterpreted a "use-by" date or installation date marked on the missiles as a date of production.](/news/2003/10/4/poland-apologizes-to-france-for-its-claims-that-it-had-found-newly-produced-roland-surface-to-air-missiles-in-iraq-it-is-believed-that-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Roland_
10. [ Saudi Arabia deploys 3,300 troops to Kuwait in preparation for a potential Iraq conflict.](/news/2003/03/5/saudi-arabia-deploys-3-300-troops-to-kuwait-in-preparation-for-a-potential-iraq-conflict.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
