### [1999-12-2](/news/1999/12/2/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom devolves political power in Northern Ireland to the Northern Ireland Executive. 




### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, UK_
2. [United Kingdom assumes presidency of G8 group. Next G8 summit is to be held on the shores of Lough Erne in Northern Ireland in June 2013. ](/news/2013/01/1/united-kingdom-assumes-presidency-of-g8-group-next-g8-summit-is-to-be-held-on-the-shores-of-lough-erne-in-northern-ireland-in-june-2013.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, UK_
3. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, UK_
4. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, UK_
5. [Torrential rain causes flooding in parts of the United Kingdom, with Cornwall, West Devon, Pembrokeshire and Northern Ireland most affected. ](/news/2011/10/24/torrential-rain-causes-flooding-in-parts-of-the-united-kingdom-with-cornwall-west-devon-pembrokeshire-and-northern-ireland-most-affected.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, UK_
6. [ Results from the Northern Ireland Assembly election show the DUP and Sinn Fein making gains, and ensuring that in order for direct rule to cease both parties must agree to cooperate in a powersharing Executive. ](/news/2007/03/9/results-from-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-show-the-dup-and-sinn-fa-c-in-making-gains-and-ensuring-that-in-order-for-direct-rule-to.md) _Context: Government of Northern Ireland, Northern Ireland_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
10. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
