### [2004-10-17](/news/2004/10/17/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel Defense Forces troops enter the southern Gaza Strip refugee camp of Rafah with ten tanks and three bulldozers. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3750460.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Rafah_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: for the first time, a Katyusha rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip. The IDF says the attack is a "clear escalation". ](/news/2006/03/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-for-the-first-time-a-katyusha-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-the-idf-says-the-attack-is-a-clear-escal.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Rafah_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinian children are killed by an explosion in the refugee camp of Khan Yonis in the Gaza Strip. Hospital officials say it was from a tank shell that hit a house. Israeli spokesmen said there had been no army fire in the area. They believe it was either caused when a Palestinian mortar misfired or by the detonation of a roadside bomb. ](/news/2004/11/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-children-are-killed-by-an-explosion-in-the-refugee-camp-of-khan-yonis-in-the-gaza-strip-hosp.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, refugee camp_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In Khan Yunis, located in the Gaza Strip, two Palestinian militants are killed and a third wounded by a missile fired from an Israel Defense Forces drone. ](/news/2004/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-khan-yunis-located-in-the-gaza-strip-two-palestinian-militants-are-killed-and-a-third-wounded-by-a-missi.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ At least ten Palestinians are killed in Rafah, Gaza Strip, by an explosion following warning shots fired by the IDF. The road used by the Palestinians was strewn with explosives. ](/news/2004/05/19/at-least-ten-palestinians-are-killed-in-rafah-gaza-strip-by-an-explosion-following-warning-shots-fired-by-the-idf-the-road-used-by-the-p.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
9. [ The Israeli army announces its intention to demolish hundreds of additional houses in the Rafah refugee camp in the Gaza Strip along the border with Egypt after the Supreme Court rejects a petition against the demolitions. In the past, the IDF has found dozens of tunnels hidden underneath homes allegedly used to smuggle guns, ammunition, explosives, fugitives, drugs and other illegal materials into Gaza. The court had previously issued a temporary injunction after 88 homes had been destroyed leaving more than 1000 people homeless (UNRWA figures disputed by the Israeli army). ](/news/2004/05/16/the-israeli-army-announces-its-intention-to-demolish-hundreds-of-additional-houses-in-the-rafah-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-along-the-bo.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli incursion leaves 1,240 Palestinians homeless, UN agency finds. The Israeli demolition of refugee shelters in Rafah camp on the southern Gaza Strip last week has left 1,240 people homeless, United Nations relief workers state.](/news/2003/10/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-incursion-leaves-1-240-palestinians-homeless-un-agency-finds-the-israeli-demolition-of-refugee-shel.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Rafah_
