### [2016-12-2](/news/2016/12/2/index.md)

# Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/thousands-join-blasphemy-protest-in-indonesian-capital/2016/12/01/894e8d1a-b82b-11e6-939c-91749443c5e5_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the Christian Governor of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, will face prosecution for blasphemy. ](/news/2016/12/27/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-christian-governor-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-will-face-prosecution-for-blasphemy.md) _Context: Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, Christian, Indonesia, Jakarta, blasphemy_
2. [Indonesian voters in Jakarta return to the polls for the second round of a gubernatorial election between incumbent Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, whose alleged blasphemy sparked mass protests in November, and Anies Baswedan. Opinion polls give Baswedan a narrow lead. ](/news/2017/04/19/indonesian-voters-in-jakarta-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-gubernatorial-election-between-incumbent-basuki-tjahaja-purnama.md) _Context: Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, Jakarta, gubernatorial_
3. [The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-trial-of-indonesian-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-on-terrorism-charges-begins-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Muslim_
4. [At least three security officers are killed after riots in north Jakarta, Indonesia, over plans to bulldoze a cemetery containing a memorial to a revered Muslim scholar. ](/news/2010/04/15/at-least-three-security-officers-are-killed-after-riots-in-north-jakarta-indonesia-over-plans-to-bulldoze-a-cemetery-containing-a-memorial.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta, Muslim_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
6. [Flooding occurs across parts of Indonesia, including the capital Jakarta, due to torrential downpours over the last few days. Thousands of homes have been flooded and schools were forced to close. However, there are no reports of injuries yet. ](/news/2017/02/21/flooding-occurs-across-parts-of-indonesia-including-the-capital-jakarta-due-to-torrential-downpours-over-the-last-few-days-thousands-of-h.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
7. [Thousands of Indonesians protest in Jakarta for tolerance after a large protest rally against blasphemy on Friday. ](/news/2016/12/4/thousands-of-indonesians-protest-in-jakarta-for-tolerance-after-a-large-protest-rally-against-blasphemy-on-friday.md) _Context: Jakarta, blasphemy_
8. [Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (Ahok) pleads not guilty to charges of blaspheming Islam during a September 27 campaign speech. Ahok is an ethnic Chinese Christian. ](/news/2016/12/13/jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-ahok-pleads-not-guilty-to-charges-of-blaspheming-islam-during-a-september-27-campaign-speech-ahok.md) _Context: Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, gubernatorial_
9. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the current governor of Jakarta, faces charges of blasphemy for allegedly insulting Islam. ](/news/2016/11/30/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-current-governor-of-jakarta-faces-charges-of-blasphemy-for-allegedly-insulting-islam.md) _Context: Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, Jakarta_
10. [One person has died and hundreds of people have been evacuated after heavy rain in the Indonesian capital Jakarta. ](/news/2016/02/29/one-person-has-died-and-hundreds-of-people-have-been-evacuated-after-heavy-rain-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
