### [2016-12-2](/news/2016/12/2/index.md)

# Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. 

A former security guard at an Argos catalogue store in London has defeated one of Africa&#39;s most feared strongman leaders to become the new president of Gambia.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/02/gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-concedes-defeat-22-years-rule/)

### Related:

1. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, President, West Africa, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
2. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
3. [The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gambia-on-january-19-the-date-he-is-to-hand-power-over-t.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
4. [Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc-ecowas-of-declaring-war-after-it-said-it-was-putting-forces-on-ale.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, West Africa, Yahya Jammeh_
5. [Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-gambian-long-time-president-yahya-jamm.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, West Africa, Yahya Jammeh_
6. [Gambian security forces are deployed on the streets of the capital Banjul, following President Yahya Jammeh's rejection of last week's presidential election result. ](/news/2016/12/10/gambian-security-forces-are-deployed-on-the-streets-of-the-capital-banjul-following-president-yahya-jammeh-s-rejection-of-last-week-s-presi.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
7. [Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. ](/news/2017/04/6/voters-in-the-gambia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-country-s-first-legislative-election-since-longtime-president-yahya-jammeh-resigne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
8. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh, the Gambia_
9. [Adama Barrow is officially sworn in as the Gambia's new President. ](/news/2017/02/18/adama-barrow-is-officially-sworn-in-as-the-gambia-s-new-president.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, President, the Gambia_
10. [Gambian President Adama Barrow returns to the Gambia after being sworn in as president in Senegal, bringing an end to the country's political crisis. ](/news/2017/01/26/gambian-president-adama-barrow-returns-to-the-gambia-after-being-sworn-in-as-president-in-senegal-bringing-an-end-to-the-country-s-politica.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, President, the Gambia_
