### [2008-10-12](/news/2008/10/12/index.md)

#  New Zealand and the United Arab Emirates will also guarantee all bank deposits in their banks. 

Australia, New Zealand and the United Arab Emirates have said they will guarantee all the deposits in their banks.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2008/1012/economy1.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
2. [Politics of Australia. The Deputy Prime Minister of Australia Barnaby Joyce is revealed to have unknowingly held dual citizenship with New Zealand since his election, which may have rendered him ineligible for candidacy under section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/08/14/politics-of-australia-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-australia-barnaby-joyce-is-revealed-to-have-unknowingly-held-dual-citizenship-with-new-z.md) _Context: New Zealand_
3. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
4. [Politics of Australia. Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens Scott Ludlam resigns as a Senator after discovering that he holds dual citizenship with New Zealand, making him electorally ineligible under Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/07/14/politics-of-australia-deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-scott-ludlam-resigns-as-a-senator-after-discovering-that-he-holds-dual-citizen.md) _Context: New Zealand_
5. [Meningococcal vaccine. Researchers in New Zealand have discovered that the MeNZB vaccine for meningitis may protect against gonorrhea by 30%. ](/news/2017/07/11/meningococcal-vaccine-researchers-in-new-zealand-have-discovered-that-the-menzb-vaccine-for-meningitis-may-protect-against-gonorrhea-by-30.md) _Context: New Zealand_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [Human trafficking in Belgium. A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/human-trafficking-in-belgium-a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sen.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: New Zealand_
