### [2008-10-12](/news/2008/10/12/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that the Government of Australia will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks for three years as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. 

Kevin Rudd announced that the Government will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks and other financial institutions.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/10/12/2388681.htm?section=justin)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people gather in Canberra, Australia to protest the introduction of a carbon tax, Prime Minister Julia Gillard met the Australian Youth Climate Coalition which is pushing for a price on emissions, while climate change mitigation activists including the Australian Council of Trade Unions delivered a petition to Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Greg Combet signed by about 10,000 "working Australians" urging the government to take action. ](/news/2011/03/23/thousands-of-people-gather-in-canberra-australia-to-protest-the-introduction-of-a-carbon-tax-prime-minister-julia-gillard-met-the-australi.md) _Context: Australia, Government of Australia, Prime Minister of Australia_
2. [United States diplomatic cables leak:Newly released cables from the United States indicate former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd suggested the use of force against China if it could not be "successfully integrated" into the international community. The Australian government refuses to respond to the release. ](/news/2010/12/6/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-pnewly-released-cables-from-the-united-states-indicate-former-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-su.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [Chinese Vice-President Xi Jinping meets with Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd on an official trip to Canberra. The two countries sign agreements valued at over A$10 billion. ](/news/2010/06/21/chinese-vice-president-xi-jinping-meets-with-australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-on-an-official-trip-to-canberra-the-two-countries-sign-ag.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd appoints the country's first population minister, Tony Burke, as part of a strategy for managing population growth. ](/news/2010/04/3/australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-appoints-the-country-s-first-population-minister-tony-burke-as-part-of-a-strategy-for-managing-popula.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [ Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd promises to create 50,000 green jobs and apprenticeships to combat climate change and unemployment simultaneously. ](/news/2009/07/30/australian-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-promises-to-create-50-000-green-jobs-and-apprenticeships-to-combat-climate-change-and-unemployment-sim.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that current Governor of Queensland Quentin Bryce will become Australia's next Governor-General. Ms Bryce will be the first woman appointed to the role. ](/news/2008/04/13/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-current-governor-of-queensland-quentin-bryce-will-become-australia-s-next-governo.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
7. [ Kevin Rudd is sworn in as the 26th Prime Minister of Australia by Governor-General Maj. Gen. Michael Jeffery. ](/news/2007/12/3/kevin-rudd-is-sworn-in-as-the-26th-prime-minister-of-australia-by-governor-general-maj-gen-michael-jeffery.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
8. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Prime Minister of Australia_
9. [ Australia agrees to fund Indonesia's response to avian influenza by providing anti-viral drugs to protect health workers in the event of a pandemic and contributing to a World Health Organisation team being sent to Jakarta. The Federal Opposition foreign affairs spokesman, Kevin Rudd, urged the Australian Government to further co-operate with regional states by calling for a regional summit on the issue. ](/news/2005/09/22/australia-agrees-to-fund-indonesia-s-response-to-avian-influenza-by-providing-anti-viral-drugs-to-protect-health-workers-in-the-event-of-a.md) _Context: Australia, Government of Australia, Kevin Rudd_
10. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Australia, Prime Minister of Australia_
