### [2015-05-6](/news/2015/05/6/index.md)

# 2015 Baltimore riots: The Governor of Maryland, Larry Hogan, rescinds a state of emergency imposed following the riots prompted by the death of Freddie Gray. 

Gov. Larry Hogan on Wednesday officially lifted the state of emergency he put on Baltimore 10 days ago.


### Source:

1. [ (''Baltimore Sun](http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/politics/blog/bs-md-emergency-lifted-20150506-story.html)

### Related:

1. [The Maryland House of Delegates and Senate override Governor Larry Hogan's veto of a bill extending felons' voting rights to those who have not completed the terms of their probation or parole. The law goes into effect March 10, 2016. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-maryland-house-of-delegates-and-senate-override-governor-larry-hogan-s-veto-of-a-bill-extending-felons-voting-rights-to-those-who-have.md) _Context: Governor, Larry Hogan_
2. [Maryland Governor Larry Hogan reveals that he has advanced stage lymphoma. ](/news/2015/06/22/maryland-governor-larry-hogan-reveals-that-he-has-advanced-stage-lymphoma.md) _Context: Governor, Larry Hogan_
3. [Death of Freddie Gray, 2015 Baltimore riots: About 200 people have been arrested in the American city of Baltimore for rioting; 20 Baltimore Police Department officers are injured and 144 cars set on fire. Schools in the city have been closed. ](/news/2015/04/28/death-of-freddie-gray-2015-baltimore-riots-about-200-people-have-been-arrested-in-the-american-city-of-baltimore-for-rioting-20-baltimore.md) _Context: 2015 Baltimore riots, death of Freddie Gray_
4. [Violent rioting and protests including looting occur near the Mondawmin Mall in Baltimore after the funeral of Freddie Gray with fifteen Baltimorean police officers being injured. ](/news/2015/04/27/violent-rioting-and-protests-including-looting-occur-near-the-mondawmin-mall-in-baltimore-after-the-funeral-of-freddie-gray-with-fifteen-bal.md) _Context: 2015 Baltimore riots, death of Freddie Gray_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
6. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
7. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
8. [The 145-year-old Roger B. Taney Monument outside Maryland State House in Annapolis, Maryland, is removed overnight by authorities. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan called on Wednesday for the monument to be taken down immediately. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-145-year-old-roger-b-taney-monument-outside-maryland-state-house-in-annapolis-maryland-is-removed-overnight-by-authorities-maryland.md) _Context: Larry Hogan_
9. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency_
