### [2015-05-6](/news/2015/05/6/index.md)

# Tornadoes of 2015: Tornadoes are reported across several states in the Great Plains region of the United States including Oklahoma, Kansas and Nebraska. 

At least 20 twisters were sighted across three states — with multiple tornadoes reported in Kansas, Oklahoma and Nebraska.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/tornadoes-roar-across-plains-watches-warnings-millions-n355006)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Kansas, Nebraska, tornado_
2. [At least one person is killed and a dozen injured after a series of tornadoes hits the US states of Oklahoma, Kansas, Iowa and Illinois. ](/news/2013/05/19/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-a-dozen-injured-after-a-series-of-tornadoes-hits-the-us-states-of-oklahoma-kansas-iowa-and-illinois.md) _Context: Kansas, Oklahoma!, tornado_
3. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Nebraska, Oklahoma!_
4. [Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico  participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-nebraska-maine-and-kentucky-and-the-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-participate-in-a-party-caucus.md) _Context: Kansas, Nebraska_
5. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, tornado_
6. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015, tornado_
7. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015, tornado_
8. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Tornadoes of 2015, tornado_
9. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Kansas, Oklahoma!_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015 and The death toll from the recent storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma rises to 21 with 11 people missing. Fourteen more people have been killed in northern Mexico. ](/news/2015/05/28/tornadoes-of-2015-and-the-death-toll-from-the-recent-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma-rises-to-21-with-11-people-missing.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Tornadoes of 2015_
