### [2008-08-23](/news/2008/08/23/index.md)

#  U.S. presidential candidate Senator Barack Obama picks Senator Joe Biden as his vice-presidential running mate. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/08/23/biden.democrat.vp.candidate/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama takes the lead in support from superdelegates to the Democratic National Convention ](/news/2008/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-takes-the-lead-in-support-from-superdelegates-to-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois  Senator Barack Obama  wins the Wyoming Democratic caucus. ](/news/2008/03/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-wyoming-democratic-caucus.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the Mississippi Democratic primary. ](/news/2008/03/11/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-mississippi-democratic-primary.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Democratic Senators Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama hold the first two-person debate. ](/news/2008/01/31/united-states-presidential-election-2008-democratic-senators-hillary-clinton-and-barack-obama-hold-the-first-two-person-debate.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the South Carolina Democratic primary. ](/news/2008/01/26/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-south-carolina-democratic-primary.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
7. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) officially announces his candidacy for president during a speech at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. ](/news/2007/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-barack-obama-d-il-officially-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-during-a-speech-at.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Senate_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Senate_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Joe Biden_
