### [2009-06-21](/news/2009/06/21/index.md)

#  England defeats New Zealand in the 2009 ICC Women's World Twenty20. 

England have beaten New Zealand twice in World Cup finals in a span of three months but according to captain Charlotte Edwards, triumph in the Twenty20 World Cup at home was special.


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://cricket.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/World-Cup-win-at-home-is-special/articleshow/4684255.cms)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): New Zealand announces the stationing of three more non-combat military personnel in Afghanistan, boosting its military commitment to 13. ](/news/2017/08/25/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-new-zealand-announces-the-stationing-of-three-more-non-combat-military-personnel-in-afghanistan-boosti.md) _Context: New Zealand_
2. [Politics of Australia: The Deputy Prime Minister of Australia Barnaby Joyce is revealed to have unknowingly held dual citizenship with New Zealand since his election, which may have rendered him ineligible for candidacy under section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/08/14/politics-of-australia-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-australia-barnaby-joyce-is-revealed-to-have-unknowingly-held-dual-citizenship-with-new-z.md) _Context: New Zealand_
3. [Politics of Australia: Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens Scott Ludlam resigns as a Senator after discovering that he holds dual citizenship with New Zealand, making him electorally ineligible under Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/07/14/politics-of-australia-deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-scott-ludlam-resigns-as-a-senator-after-discovering-that-he-holds-dual-citizen.md) _Context: New Zealand_
4. [Meningococcal vaccine: Researchers in New Zealand have discovered that the MeNZB vaccine for meningitis may protect against gonorrhea by 30%. ](/news/2017/07/11/meningococcal-vaccine-researchers-in-new-zealand-have-discovered-that-the-menzb-vaccine-for-meningitis-may-protect-against-gonorrhea-by-30.md) _Context: New Zealand_
5. [One Love Manchester: The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: England_
6. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England_
7. [2017 Newcastle incident: Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-newcastle-incident-six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do.md) _Context: England_
8. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: New Zealand_
9. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: England_
10. [Severe flooding caused by Cyclone Debbie forces the evacuation of Edgecumbe, New Zealand, and nearby areas. ](/news/2017/04/6/severe-flooding-caused-by-cyclone-debbie-forces-the-evacuation-of-edgecumbe-new-zealand-and-nearby-areas.md) _Context: New Zealand_
