### [2015-06-28](/news/2015/06/28/index.md)

# 2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths from MERS in South Korea rises to 32, with the number of cases stabilizing at 182. 

 South Korea reported an additional death from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome on Sunday, bringing its death toll to 32.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2015/06/28/0200000000AEN20150628000351320.html?input=www.tweeter.com)

### Related:

1. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. A South Korean man is hospitalised in the Slovak capital Bratislava with symptoms of MERS as the death toll in South Korea rises to 15. ](/news/2015/06/14/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-a-south-korean-man-is-hospitalised-in-the-slovak-capital-bratislava-with-symp.md) _Context: MERS, South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
2. [Two South Korean airlines, Korean Air and Asiana Airlines, will resume flights to Japan after suspending flights during the recent MERS outbreak. ](/news/2015/07/15/two-south-korean-airlines-korean-air-and-asiana-airlines-will-resume-flights-to-japan-after-suspending-flights-during-the-recent-mers-outb.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
3. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of MERS casualties in South Korea rises to 29 with the number of cases rising to 180. ](/news/2015/06/25/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-mers-casualties-in-south-korea-rises-to-29-with-the-number-of-c.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
4. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths from MERS in South Korea rises to 27 with three new cases reported. The government is taking unprecedented precautions in terms of public sanitation and quarantine.](/news/2015/06/22/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-from-mers-in-south-korea-rises-to-27-with-three-new-case.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
5. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. South Korea reports three more deaths from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome bringing the death toll to 19 with 154 people diagnosed with the disease. ](/news/2015/06/16/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-south-korea-reports-three-more-deaths-from-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-b.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
6. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The number of deaths resulting from the MERS outbreak in South Korea rises to sixteen with the number of total cases rising to 150. ](/news/2015/06/15/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-number-of-deaths-resulting-from-the-mers-outbreak-in-south-korea-rises-to.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
7. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. The death toll from the South Korean MERS outbreak rises to 11 with 126 people now diagnosed with the disease but the number of people in quarantine falls slightly to 3,680. Two hospitals have closed as a result of the outbreak and the Bank of Korea has lowered interest rates due to concerns about effects of the outbreak on the economy. ](/news/2015/06/12/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-the-death-toll-from-the-south-korean-mers-outbreak-rises-to-11-with-126-peopl.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
8. [2015 South Korean MERS outbreak:. The death toll from the MERS outbreak in South Korea rises to nine, with 13 new cases reported. More than 2,200 schools have closed or cancelled classes as a result of the outbreak. ](/news/2015/06/10/2015-south-korean-mers-outbreak-the-death-toll-from-the-mers-outbreak-in-south-korea-rises-to-nine-with-13-new-cases-reported-more-than.md) _Context: South Korea, recent MERS outbreak_
9. [Disasters in South Korea. An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/disasters-in-south-korea-an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: South Korea_
