### [2015-06-28](/news/2015/06/28/index.md)

# The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. 

There’s no indication the fires in states across the South are connected, a spokesperson told BuzzFeed News, but FBI and ATF officials are cooperating with local investigators.


### Source:

1. [Buzzfeed](http://www.buzzfeed.com/darrensands/fbi-investigating-black-church-fires#.bplMlB4VkY)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-06/28/16/campaign_images/webdr12/fbi-investigating-black-church-fires-2-18704-1435523068-1_dblbig.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Georgia, Tennessee_
2. [Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina. At least 18 dams have breached or failed since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. ](/news/2015/10/6/thirteen-people-are-reported-to-have-died-during-this-storm-11-in-south-carolina-and-two-in-north-carolina-at-least-18-dams-have-breached.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
3. [Tropical storm Ana forms near the states of North and South Carolina weeks before the official start of the hurricane season. ](/news/2015/05/9/tropical-storm-ana-forms-near-the-states-of-north-and-south-carolina-weeks-before-the-official-start-of-the-hurricane-season.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
4. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: North Carolina, Tennessee_
5. [While reportedly on his way to surrender to police in Atlanta, Georgia to face murder charges, former National Basketball Association player Javaris Crittenton is arrested by the FBI at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California. ](/news/2011/08/30/while-reportedly-on-his-way-to-surrender-to-police-in-atlanta-georgia-to-face-murder-charges-former-national-basketball-association-player.md) _Context: FBI, Georgia_
6. [Tornadoes kill several people in the US states of North Carolina and South Carolina with storms killing at least 20 people in the southern United States over the past few days. ](/news/2011/04/16/tornadoes-kill-several-people-in-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-with-storms-killing-at-least-20-people-in-the-southern-u.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
7. [ Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http://www.theage.com.au/world/hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-http-www-theage-com-au.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
8. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
9. [ Eric Robert Rudolph, a suspect in the Centennial Olympic Park bombing at the 1996 Summer Olympics and other bombings in the Atlanta, Georgia area, is arrested behind a grocery store in North Carolina ](/news/2003/05/31/eric-robert-rudolph-a-suspect-in-the-centennial-olympic-park-bombing-at-the-1996-summer-olympics-and-other-bombings-in-the-atlanta-georgi.md) _Context: Georgia, North Carolina_
10. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: FBI_
