### [2016-09-27](/news/2016/09/27/index.md)

# President Barack Obama nominates Jeffrey DeLaurentis as the first United States Ambassador to Cuba since 1961. 

The ambassador must be approved by GOP-controlled Senate, where it will face resistance.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/09/27/obama-appoints-ambassador-to-cuba-jeffrey-delaurentis/91185468/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
2. [President Barack Obama announces the end of the wet feet, dry feet policy, which previously allowed undocumented immigrants from Cuba to become permanent residents. ](/news/2017/01/12/president-barack-obama-announces-the-end-of-the-wet-feet-dry-feet-policy-which-previously-allowed-undocumented-immigrants-from-cuba-to-bec.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
3. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that he will visit Cuba next month becoming the first American president to visit Cuba since 1928. ](/news/2016/02/18/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-he-will-visit-cuba-next-month-becoming-the-first-american-president-to-visit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
6. [Along with 15 other international envoys, Cuban diplomat Jose Ramon Cabanas Rodriguez presents his credentials to U.S. President Barack Obama, becoming the island's first ambassador to the United States since 1961. The Obama Administration has yet to name an ambassador to Cuba. ](/news/2015/09/17/along-with-15-other-international-envoys-cuban-diplomat-jose-ramon-cabaa-as-rodriguez-presents-his-credentials-to-u-s-president-barack-oba.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
7. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
8. [Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-forced-u-s-officials-to-return-h.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
9. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
10. [The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-treated-for-hearing-loss-following-up-on-yesterday-s-report.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations_
