### [2016-09-27](/news/2016/09/27/index.md)

# The World Health Organization (WHO) states that 92% of the world's population lives in air pollution levels surpassing the organization's limits. 

Ninety-two per cent of people live in areas where air quality exceeds WHO limits, with southeast Asia, eastern Mediterranean and western Pacific regions hardest hit.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/health/air-pollution-who-1.3780390)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/sep/27/more-than-million-died-due-air-pollution-china-one-year)

### Related:

1. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
2. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: air pollution_
5. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
6. [Zika virus outbreak: The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/zika-virus-outbreak-the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-b.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-alread.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [Zika virus epidemic: More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
