### [2015-07-31](/news/2015/07/31/index.md)

# Jalaluddin Haqqani, the founder of the Haqqani Network, is reported as having died in 2014. 

Jalaluddin Haqqani, the Afghan founder of the militant Haqqani network, died at least a year ago, sources tell the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-33740337?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State Clinton notifies Congress of her intent to include the Haqqani network on the government's terror list. An attache at the Embassy of Pakistan in Washington dismisses the decision as an "internal matter" of the United States and reaffirms Pakistan's commitment to "combating extremism and terrorism." Haqqani senior commanders say the decision will not help in bringing peace to Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/09/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-clinton-notifies-congress-of-her-intent-to-include-the-haqqani-network-on-the-government-s-terror-list-an-attacha-c.md) _Context: Haqqani network, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network,  comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as  the  Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _Context: Haqqani network_
4. [United States Army sergeant Bowe Bergdahl will face a court martial on charges of misbehavior before the enemy and desertion related to his capture by the Taliban-aligned Haqqani network in Afghanistan in June 2009. ](/news/2015/12/14/united-states-army-sergeant-bowe-bergdahl-will-face-a-court-martial-on-charges-of-misbehavior-before-the-enemy-and-desertion-related-to-his.md) _Context: Haqqani network_
5. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Nine Afghan employees of a Czech charity People In Need have been killed in an attack by unknown gunmen in Zari District in the north of the country. ](/news/2015/06/1/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-p-nine-afghan-employees-of-a-czech-charity-people-in-need-have-been-killed-in-an-attack-by-unknown-gunme.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [The US Army charges US Army soldier Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban-aligned Haqqani network in Afghanistan from June 2009 until his release in May 2014, with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy. ](/news/2015/03/25/the-us-army-charges-us-army-soldier-bowe-bergdahl-who-was-held-captive-by-the-taliban-aligned-haqqani-network-in-afghanistan-from-june-2009.md) _Context: Haqqani network_
9. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomb kills at least nine, including two policemen, at a funeral for a tribal elder in Baghlan Province, northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/12/1/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomb-kills-at-least-nine-including-two-policemen-at-a-funeral-for-a-tribal-elder-in-baghlan-province-northe.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomber kills 5 in a targeted attack on a British embassy vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/11/27/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-5-in-a-targeted-attack-on-a-british-embassy-vehicle-in-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
