### [2015-07-31](/news/2015/07/31/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016:President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/aquino-chooses-roxas-philippine-presidential-candidate-044823447.html?nf=1)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/politics/elections/2016/101099-aquino-endorses-roxas-2016)

### Related:

1. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Aftermath of the Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-f.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
4. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
5. [The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitions-on-change-org-urging-either-candidate.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, President of the Philippines_
7. [Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, President of the Philippines_
8. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015,  from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III  had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped  by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
9. [The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-campaign-period-for-the-election-begins-in-what-international-media-dubs-as-a-cliffhanger-between-five-candidates-jejomar-binay-miri.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
10. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
