### [2015-07-31](/news/2015/07/31/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016:. President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/aquino-chooses-roxas-philippine-presidential-candidate-044823447.html?nf=1)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/politics/elections/2016/101099-aquino-endorses-roxas-2016)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-riv.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016, his predecessor_
2. [Regions of the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
3. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash. Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
5. ["Philippines v. China". On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
6. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitio.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
7. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, President of the Philippines_
8. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, President of the Philippines_
9. [Moro conflict. Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-reso.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
10. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. ](/news/2016/02/9/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-campaign-period-for-the-election-begins-in-what-international-media-dubs-as-a-cliffhanger-betw.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
