### [2015-07-31](/news/2015/07/31/index.md)

# President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/aquino-chooses-roxas-philippine-presidential-candidate-044823447.html?nf=1)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/politics/elections/2016/101099-aquino-endorses-roxas-2016)
2. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/BFC459FEAD4148FFB4D3C69721F3CB7A/img/B3D21EF054A84D73A8D4572BC682CA02/roxas-launch-aquino-endorsement-20150731-009.jpg)

### Related:

1. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
2. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
4. [On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
5. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-the.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
6. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Mar Roxas, his predecessor_
7. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
8. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
9. [Benigno Aquino, the President of the Philippines, says that his government will start discussions with Japan about allowing Japan Self-Defense Forces to refuel at Filipino bases allowing the extension of operations into the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/5/benigno-aquino-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-his-government-will-start-discussions-with-japan-about-allowing-japan-self-defen.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
10. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: President, his predecessor_
