### [2014-12-8](/news/2014/12/8/index.md)

# The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/09/world/middleeast/un-seeks-164-billion-to-address-crises-in-2015.html)

### Related:

1. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq, South Sudan, Syria_
2. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
4. [European migrant crisis: The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limite.md) _Context: Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
5. [South Sudan-s ambassador to Moscow says the UN helicopter with Russian crew that was downed in South Sudan last week was probably mistaken for one of the Sudanese aircraft. ](/news/2012/12/28/south-sudan-s-ambassador-to-moscow-says-the-un-helicopter-with-russian-crew-that-was-downed-in-south-sudan-last-week-was-probably-mistaken.md) _Context: South Sudan, Sudan, United Nations_
6. [ The United Nations launches a food assistance program to assist Iraqi refugees in Syria. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-united-nations-launches-a-food-assistance-program-to-assist-iraqi-refugees-in-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, United Nations_
7. [ The government of Canada issued a travel advisory to the United States for all Canadian citizens born in Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan or Syria after the United States announced that anyone born in those countries will be photographed and fingerprinted upon arrival in the United States.](/news/2002/10/30/the-government-of-canada-issued-a-travel-advisory-to-the-united-states-for-all-canadian-citizens-born-in-iran-iraq-libya-sudan-or-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
8. [ The Canadian ministry of foreign affairs issues an advisory to Canadians born in Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, and Sudan warning them to "consider carefully" whether to go to the United States for "any reason". This follows a US law requiring photos and fingerprints of Canadian citizens born in those countries upon entering the US, as well as the deportation to Syria of Maher Arar, a Canadian citizen. The American ambassador, Paul Cellucci, later assures the Canadian government that all Canadian passport holders will be treated equally; however, further incidents attributed to racial profiling take place.](/news/2002/10/29/the-canadian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-issues-an-advisory-to-canadians-born-in-iraq-iran-syria-libya-and-sudan-warning-them-to-consi.md) _Context: Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
10. [Battle of Mosul: The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
