### [2014-12-8](/news/2014/12/8/index.md)

# The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_ISRAEL_POLITICS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
2. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
3. [Israeli legislative election, 2015: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives at an agreement with Habayit Hayehudi - the last party to join - just before the midnight deadline for the talks. With Naftali Bennett's party agreeing to a deal, Netanyahu's coalition will number 61 Members of the Knesset - the bare minimum needed. ](/news/2015/05/6/israeli-legislative-election-2015-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-at-an-agreement-with-habayit-hayehudi-the-last-party-to-join.md) _Context: Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
4. [Israeli legislative election, 2015:: The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/israeli-legislative-election-2015-the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset.md) _Context: Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
5. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu fires Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Finance Minister Yair Lapid amid the imminent breakup of the government coalition and dissolution of the Knesset ahead of new elections. ](/news/2014/12/2/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-fires-justice-minister-tzipi-livni-and-finance-minister-yair-lapid-amid-the-imminent-breakup-of-th.md) _Context: Israeli legislative election, 2015, parliament in Israel_
6. [The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. ](/news/2014/07/7/the-alliance-between-the-israel-s-right-wing-parties-likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-is-dissolved-reducing-the-ruling-party-s-share-of-seats-in.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
8. [In anticipation of upcoming elections, the Israeli Knesset has been unanimously dissolved. ](/news/2012/10/16/in-anticipation-of-upcoming-elections-the-israeli-knesset-has-been-unanimously-dissolved.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
9. [The Israeli Knesset approves an amendment to the Nationality Law in a 37-11 vote. The amendment empowers the Israeli court system to revoke the citizenships of Israeli citizens convicted of terrorism, aiding the enemy in wartime, causing war, serving in enemy forces or espionage.](/news/2011/03/29/the-israeli-knesset-approves-an-amendment-to-the-nationality-law-in-a-37-11-vote-the-amendment-empowers-the-israeli-court-system-to-revoke.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
10. [The Israeli Knesset passes a new law which requires the state to fine local authorities and other state-funded bodies for denying Israel as Jewish, democratic state or supporting racism, armed resistance against Israel, or desecrating the state flag or national symbols, including holding events marking Nakba Day.](/news/2011/03/23/the-israeli-knesset-passes-a-new-law-which-requires-the-state-to-fine-local-authorities-and-other-state-funded-bodies-for-denying-israel-as.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
