### [2008-07-14](/news/2008/07/14/index.md)

#  Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7504640.stm)

### Related:

1. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, genocide, war crime_
2. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
3. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, war crime_
4. [Judges at the International Criminal Court rule that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir could face charges of genocide over the War in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/3/judges-at-the-international-criminal-court-rule-that-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-face-charges-of-genocide-over-the-war-in-darfur.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, genocide_
5. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
6. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, war crime_
7. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
8. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Sudan_
9. [ International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo states that they have credible evidence of crimes against humanity in Darfur. Sudan refuses to extradite those suspected of war crimes.](/news/2005/06/30/international-criminal-court-prosecutor-luis-moreno-ocampo-states-that-they-have-credible-evidence-of-crimes-against-humanity-in-darfur-su.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, Sudan_
10. [ France presents a draft resolution to vote at the United Nations. It would give war crime cases in Darfur region of Sudan to the International Criminal Court in the Hague. US resists the idea. ](/news/2005/03/24/france-presents-a-draft-resolution-to-vote-at-the-united-nations-it-would-give-war-crime-cases-in-darfur-region-of-sudan-to-the-internatio.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crime_
