### [2007-04-15](/news/2007/04/15/index.md)

#  A nor'easter in the northeastern United States causes flooding and disrupts travel in the region. One person is killed in a tornado in North Carolina and two people die in weather-related car accidents in New York and Connecticut. 

A rare spring northeaster flooded shorelines and rivers, disrupted travel and washed out plans for millions.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=3044325)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/16/nyregion/16storm.html?ex=1334376000&en=fffee2aa398f171f&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:. The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State, Northeastern United States_
2. [Gun politics in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
3. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New York State, Northeastern United States_
4. [February 2013 nor'easter: The death toll from a massive blizzard across the Northeastern United States and southeastern Canada rises to at least 15, with 40 inches of snow reported from Hamden, Connecticut. More than 900,000 customers lost power at the height of the storm, while airports in the region cancelled over 5,300 flights. ](/news/2013/02/9/february-2013-nor-easter-the-death-toll-from-a-massive-blizzard-across-the-northeastern-united-states-and-southeastern-canada-rises-to-at-l.md) _Context: Connecticut, Northeastern United States_
5. [A 4.0-magnitude (originally, 4.6) earthquake strikes Hollis Center, Maine, roughly 20 miles west of Portland, Maine, the state's largest city. At 3.1 miles deep, it is a shallow earthquake, felt in Maine, southwestern Connecticut, and eastern New York state. There were reports of very minor damage and cellular phone outages, but no serious property damage, injuries, or deaths. ](/news/2012/10/16/a-4-0-magnitude-originally-4-6-earthquake-strikes-hollis-center-maine-roughly-20-miles-west-of-portland-maine-the-state-s-largest-cit.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
6. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:. Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: Connecticut, New York State_
7. [Tropical Storm Lee remnants in the northeastern United States:. Ten thousand people are ordered to evacuate in Broome County in the US state of New York due to flooding of the Chenango River and the Susquehanna River. ](/news/2011/09/7/tropical-storm-lee-remnants-in-the-northeastern-united-states-ten-thousand-people-are-ordered-to-evacuate-in-broome-county-in-the-us-state.md) _Context: New York State, Northeastern United States_
8. [Tornadoes kill several people in the US states of North Carolina and South Carolina with storms killing at least 20 people in the southern United States over the past few days. ](/news/2011/04/16/tornadoes-kill-several-people-in-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-with-storms-killing-at-least-20-people-in-the-southern-u.md) _Context: North Carolina, tornado_
9. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: New York State, North Carolina_
10. [ Mid-February winter storm: A major weather system reaches the Northeastern United States and eastern Canada and hammers the region with snow and ice. The same system is responsible for severe weather in the Midwest and a tornado in New Orleans, Louisiana. ](/news/2007/02/14/mid-february-winter-storm-a-major-weather-system-reaches-the-northeastern-united-states-and-eastern-canada-and-hammers-the-region-with-sno.md) _Context: Northeastern United States, tornado_
