### [2007-04-15](/news/2007/04/15/index.md)

#  India's Essar Group buys Canadian steelmaker Algoma for US$ 1.63 billion. 




### Source:

1. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/markets/commodities/2007/04/16/essar-algoma-steel-markets-equity-cx_rd_0416markets2.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/04/15/AR2007041500486.html)

### Related:

1. [ After the acquisition of Algoma Steel, India's Essar Group plans to buy U.S.-based Minnesota Steel for US$ 1.66 billion. ](/news/2007/04/18/after-the-acquisition-of-algoma-steel-india-s-essar-group-plans-to-buy-u-s-based-minnesota-steel-for-us-1-66-billion.md) _Context: Algoma Steel, Essar Group, India, USD_
2. [India's Universal Primer Technology disputes the credit for inventing DNA barcoding with the University of Guelph in Canada. ](/news/2015/03/6/india-s-universal-primer-technology-disputes-the-credit-for-inventing-dna-barcoding-with-the-university-of-guelph-in-canada.md) _Context: Canada, India_
3. [25th anniversary of Air India Flight 182:Relatives of those killed in Air India Flight 182 gather with diplomats and politicians from Canada, India and Ireland in Cork to mark the 25th anniversary with a memorial service. ](/news/2010/06/23/25th-anniversary-of-air-india-flight-182-prelatives-of-those-killed-in-air-india-flight-182-gather-with-diplomats-and-politicians-from-canad.md) _Context: Canada, India_
4. [ Ford Motor Company announces it will sell its British luxury-car brands Jaguar and Land Rover to India's Tata Motors for $2.3 billion. ](/news/2008/03/26/ford-motor-company-announces-it-will-sell-its-british-luxury-car-brands-jaguar-and-land-rover-to-india-s-tata-motors-for-2-3-billion.md) _Context: India, USD_
5. [ A fire in Gwalior, India, ruins over 400 small stores. Losses are estimated at 10 million rupees (USD 250,000).date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/7/a-fire-in-gwalior-india-ruins-over-400-small-stores-losses-are-estimated-at-10-million-rupees-usd-250-000-date-december-2007.md) _Context: India, USD_
6. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Canada, India_
7. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-delivery.md) _Context: USD_
8. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
