### [2014-09-8](/news/2014/09/8/index.md)

# Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-29115556)

### Related:

1. [The Smith Commission, established by UK Prime Minister David Cameron to look at enhanced devolution for Scotland following the independence referendum, publishes its report, recommending the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to set income tax rates and bands. ](/news/2014/11/27/the-smith-commission-established-by-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-look-at-enhanced-devolution-for-scotland-following-the-independence.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Scottish Parliament, independence referendum_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron and Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond agree a deal setting out the terms of a referendum on Scottish independence at a meeting in Edinburgh. ](/news/2012/10/15/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-agree-a-deal-setting-out-the-terms-of-a-referendum-on-scottish.md) _Context: Edinburgh, Prime Minister, independence referendum_
3. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Parliament, Prime Minister_
4. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister_
5. [Iraq Inquiry: A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-w.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister_
7. [The Parliament of the United Kingdom gather for a special session to debate the legacy of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-gather-for-a-special-session-to-debate-the-legacy-of-former-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister_
8. [Leveson Inquiry: Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-ru.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal:: The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister_
10. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
