### [2003-11-17](/news/2003/11/17/index.md)

#  Coca eradication: The White House Drug Policy Office claims the area planted with coca in Peru and Bolivia combined fell by 35&nbsp;km<sup>2</sup> in the year up to June, suggesting that the coca eradication program in neighboring Colombia was not driving production over the borders. But the US figures were very different from preliminary estimates in September by the head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime in Colombia, which suggested output in Peru and Bolivia may have risen by as much 21 per cent that year.




### Related:

1. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Bolivia, Colombia, Peru_
2. [Bolivia's aviation authority suspends the operating license of LaMia. Investigation into the crash in Colombia, which killed 71 people, continues. ](/news/2016/12/1/bolivia-s-aviation-authority-suspends-the-operating-license-of-lamia-investigation-into-the-crash-in-colombia-which-killed-71-people-cont.md) _Context: Bolivia, Colombia_
3. [A state of emergency is declared in parts of Bolivia and rescue efforts continue in Peru amid heavy rain and floods in the region. ](/news/2010/01/29/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-parts-of-bolivia-and-rescue-efforts-continue-in-peru-amid-heavy-rain-and-floods-in-the-region.md) _Context: Bolivia, Peru_
4. [ A powerful earthquake measuring 7.9 on the Richter Scale rocks Peru 100 miles near Lima, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. A tsunami warning is issued for Peru, Ecuador, Chile and Colombia, following the earthquakes. At least 72 people are killed and another 680 injured. ](/news/2007/08/15/a-powerful-earthquake-measuring-7-9-on-the-richter-scale-rocks-peru-100-miles-near-lima-according-to-the-u-s-geological-survey-a-tsunami.md) _Context: Colombia, Peru_
5. [ Former Peruvian spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos is sentenced to a 20-year prison term for running guns to Colombian FARC guerrillas. ](/news/2006/09/21/former-peruvian-spy-chief-vladimiro-montesinos-is-sentenced-to-a-20-year-prison-term-for-running-guns-to-colombian-farc-guerrillas.md) _Context: Colombia, Peru_
6. [ The Peruvian Congress approves more charges against ex-President Alberto Fujimori, alleging he trafficked arms to Colombian guerrillas, sanctioned torture, was responsible for the disappearance of student activists, and mismanaged millions of dollars from Japanese charities to build schools for poor children in Peru, with an unexplained $2.3 million shortfall in funds received, among other irregularities.](/news/2003/11/12/the-peruvian-congress-approves-more-charges-against-ex-president-alberto-fujimori-alleging-he-trafficked-arms-to-colombian-guerrillas-san.md) _Context: Colombia, Peru_
7. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [The face of the Peruvian Moche mummy the Lady of Cao is reconstructed from its skull structure, using forensic archaeology techniques and ethnographic research. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-face-of-the-peruvian-moche-mummy-the-lady-of-cao-is-reconstructed-from-its-skull-structure-using-forensic-archaeology-techniques-and-et.md) _Context: Peru_
10. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: Peru_
