### [2009-06-16](/news/2009/06/16/index.md)

#  Documents released to the American Civil Liberties Union state Khalid Sheik Mohammed testified that he made up information after allegedly tortured by the CIA. 

Khalid Sheik Mohammed said during a hearing at Guantanamo, Cuba, that he lied to the CIA while being questioned under torture, documents indicate.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/2009/06/16/Khalid-Mohammed-said-he-lied-to-CIA/UPI-43571245125851/)

### Related:

1. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
2. [The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-cleveland-board-of-control-approves-changes-to-convention-security-rules-negotiated-with-the-aclu-per-federal-district-judge-james-gwin.md) _Context: ACLU_
3. [A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-cleveland-s-regulations-governing-protests-and-marc.md) _Context: ACLU_
4. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: ACLU_
5. [  North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." ](/news/2016/04/12/north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-signs-executive-order-73-that-addresses-some-but-not-all-troublesome-provisions-in-house-bill-2-that.md) _Context: ACLU_
6. [ The American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal file a federal lawsuit against a new North Carolina law that bars transgender people from choosing bathrooms consistent with their gender identity,  arguing the measure is discriminatory and threatens individuals' personal safety. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-american-civil-liberties-union-and-lambda-legal-file-a-federal-lawsuit-against-a-new-north-carolina-law-that-bars-transgender-people-fr.md) _Context: ACLU_
7. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria.  ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: ACLU_
8. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers' Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: ACLU_
9. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [The US Eastern District Court of Virginia convicts a disgruntled former CIA officer, Jeffrey Alexander Sterling, of leaking secrets to a reporter. All nine charges he faced stem from a secret CIA mission to derail Iran's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-eastern-district-court-of-virginia-convicts-a-disgruntled-former-cia-officer-jeffrey-alexander-sterling-of-leaking-secrets-to-a-rep.md) _Context: CIA_
