### [2006-01-24](/news/2006/01/24/index.md)

#  Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/story/canadavotes2006/national/2006/01/23/mainelecstory060123.html)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-w.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
2. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
3. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper appoints a five-member advisory committee on Afghanistan to be chaired by John Manley of the opposition Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-appoints-a-five-member-advisory-committee-on-afghanistan-to-be-chaired-by-john-manley-of-the-op.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
5. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
6. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
7. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
8. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. [http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/11/28/noconfidencevote051128.html (CBC)].](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
9. [ Stephen Harper, Gilles Duceppe and Jack Layton, leaders of Canada's three parliamentary opposition parties, issue a joint ultimatum calling for the next Canadian federal election to be moved forward to early February from the April date favoured by the government. They threaten to pass a motion of non-confidence and force an election at Christmas if Paul Martin's Liberal government does not accede to the move in writing. Martin rejects their proposal. ](/news/2005/11/13/stephen-harper-gilles-duceppe-and-jack-layton-leaders-of-canada-s-three-parliamentary-opposition-parties-issue-a-joint-ultimatum-calling.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
10. [ Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. ](/news/2005/11/1/justice-john-gomery-releases-the-first-part-of-the-gomery-commission-report-on-corruption-in-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-the-sponsorshi.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
