### [2016-08-7](/news/2016/08/7/index.md)

# 2016 stabbing of Charleroi police officers: ISIL claims responsibility for the machete attack in Belgium. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-attacks-belgium-idUSKCN10I0FX)

### Related:

1. [2016 stabbing of Charleroi police officers: A man attacks two policewomen with a machete in Charleroi, Belgium, whilst reportedly shouting Allahu Akbar. The attacker was shot dead by another police officer. The policewomen are being treated in hospital for non-life-threatening wounds. The attack is being investigated as a possible act of terrorism. ](/news/2016/08/6/2016-stabbing-of-charleroi-police-officers-a-man-attacks-two-policewomen-with-a-machete-in-charleroi-belgium-whilst-reportedly-shouting-a.md) _Context: 2016 stabbing of Charleroi police officers, Belgium_
2. [2016 Brussels bombings: Three explosions in the Brussels Airport and Maalbeek metro station kill at least 34 people and wound at least 170 more, according to Belgian media. Belgian federal Prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw cautions it is too soon to know exactly how many people died in the bombings. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/03/22/2016-brussels-bombings-three-explosions-in-the-brussels-airport-and-maalbeek-metro-station-kill-at-least-34-people-and-wound-at-least-170-m.md) _Context: Belgium, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Paris attack aftermath: Belgian authorities reduce the threat level in Brussels from its highest level of four to three. The escalation to level four came after suspects in the ISIL attacks in Paris were linked to the city. Suspected Paris gunman, Salah Abdeslam, who lived in Brussels for several years, remains at large. ](/news/2015/11/26/paris-attack-aftermath-belgian-authorities-reduce-the-threat-level-in-brussels-from-its-highest-level-of-four-to-three-the-escalation-to-l.md) _Context: Belgium, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [2017 Barcelona attack: A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Battle of Mosul: Three female ISIL suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/battle-of-mosul-three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Belgium_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
