### [2016-08-7](/news/2016/08/7/index.md)

#  After the men's 400-metre freestyle final of the 2016 Summer Olympics, Australian gold medalist Mack Horton says Chinese silver medalist Sun Yang is a "drug cheat", referring to Sun's three-month doping ban in 2014; Chinese netizens have swarmed Horton's online pages to demand an apology; Chinese state media has since called Horton "immoral" and described Australia as a former "offshore prison". 

Chinese sports fans and local media have turned on Australia&#039;s newest Olympic swimming sensation Mack Horton for calling home favourite Sun Yang a drug cheat.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-07/rio-2016-mack-horton-trolled-calls-out-sun-yang-drug-cheat/7698746)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/china-labels-australia-offshore-prison-in-drug-row-10527789)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/sport/olympics/rio-2016/olympics-swimming/rio-olympics-2016-chinese-fury-after-mack-horton-defeats-sun-yang-for-400m-freestyle-gold-20160807-gqn0of.html)

### Related:

1. [French swimmer Camille Lacourt accuses Chinese swimmer Sun Yang of doping, saying "he pisses purple", while American swimmer Michael Phelps says "something needs to be done" to prevent doping from infiltrating swimming. ](/news/2016/08/9/french-swimmer-camille-lacourt-accuses-chinese-swimmer-sun-yang-of-doping-saying-he-pisses-purple-while-american-swimmer-michael-phelps.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Sun Yang_
2. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village  because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-f.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Australia_
3. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia_
4. [Australia adds stricter requirements to its citizenship application process, including harder tests on English language skills and the requirement that a migrant be able to demonstrate "Australian values". ](/news/2017/04/20/australia-adds-stricter-requirements-to-its-citizenship-application-process-including-harder-tests-on-english-language-skills-and-the-requi.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: Australia_
6. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia_
7. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [A man is charged in Australia for allegedly committing the 20-year old crimes. ](/news/2016/12/22/a-man-is-charged-in-australia-for-allegedly-committing-the-20-year-old-crimes.md) _Context: Australia_
