### [2016-08-7](/news/2016/08/7/index.md)

# President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. 

(2nd UPDATE) A list of more than 150 officials from the judiciary, police, and local governments who are allegedly involved in the drug trade, as named by President Duterte. Is this list correct?


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/142210-duterte-list-lgu-police-officials-linked-drugs)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/F5D6D0F6327042499E5171ECF76B1912/img/05C01B93D38F4B8F84E0B6B14510F32F/PRRD-events-20160802-010.jpg)

### Related:

1. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
3. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
4. [Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-duterte-took-office-as-president-and-made-statements-enc.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
5. [The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-philippine-senate-investigates-paolo-duterte-the-son-of-current-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-an-alleged-methamphetamine-smu.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
6. [Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwide.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
7. [Speaking to government workers at the presidential palace in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte orders police to kill his eldest son, Paulo Duterte, if drug trafficking allegations against him are proven true, and adds that those who carried out the execution would be protected from prosecution. ](/news/2017/09/20/speaking-to-government-workers-at-the-presidential-palace-in-manila-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-police-to-kill-his-eldest-son-paulo-d.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
8. [Around 1,200 members of the Philippine National Police in the suburb of Caloocan are fired over allegations of crimes attributed to the police. ](/news/2017/09/15/around-1-200-members-of-the-philippine-national-police-in-the-suburb-of-caloocan-are-fired-over-allegations-of-crimes-attributed-to-the-poli.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, war on drugs_
9. [At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecutive-anti-drug-operatio.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, war on drugs_
10. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, war on drugs_
