### [2007-09-30](/news/2007/09/30/index.md)

#  Indian player Viswanathan Anand wins the World Chess Championship 2007 at Mexico City to become the new world champion. 

Viswanathan Anand of India, the world’s top-ranked player, dominated the 14-round World Chess Championship that ended Saturday.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/30/crosswords/chess/30chess.html)

### Related:

1. [ India's Viswanathan Anand retains the World Chess Championship title in Bonn, Germany, by defeating Russia's Vladimir Kramnik. ](/news/2008/10/29/india-s-viswanathan-anand-retains-the-world-chess-championship-title-in-bonn-germany-by-defeating-russiaas-vladimir-kramnik.md) _Context: India, Viswanathan Anand, World Chess Championship_
2. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
3. [A train derails near Khatauli, Uttar Pradesh, India, resulting in at least 23 deaths and 156 injuries.  ](/news/2017/08/19/a-train-derails-near-khatauli-uttar-pradesh-india-resulting-in-at-least-23-deaths-and-156-injuries.md) _Context: India_
4. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: India_
5. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: India_
6. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
