### [2004-02-27](/news/2004/02/27/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: The California Supreme Court refuses a petition by California Attorney General Bill Lockyer asking for an immediate ruling on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage laws and a cease and desist order against San Francisco's granting of marriage licenses to same-sex couples. 




### Source:

1. [365Gay](http://www.365gay.com/newscon04/02/022704calCourt.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Saying he will defend California's laws limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples, state attorney general Bill Lockyer dismisses California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's "order" in the San Francisco marriage licenses debate, saying his office is independent of gubernatorial power. ](/news/2004/02/22/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-saying-he-will-defend-california-s-laws-limiting-marriage-to-opposite-sex-couples-state-attorney-g.md) _Context: Bill Lockyer, California, marriage license, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: San Francisco Superior court Judge James L. Warner postpones any decision to block the city and county of San Francisco, California, from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples and to void the 2,464 same-sex marriages that were performed in the city since February 12. This was on the grounds that the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education Fund's order for San Francisco to "cease and desist issuing marriage licenses to and/or solemnizing marriages of same-sex couples; to show cause before this court&nbsp;..." had an improper semicolon; to do both, rather than one or the other, would have exceeded the judge's jurisdiction. ](/news/2004/02/17/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-san-francisco-superior-court-judge-james-l-warner-postpones-any-decision-to-block-the-city-and-cou.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, marriage license, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Commissioners of Multnomah County, Oregon, dismiss state attorney general Hardy Myers' non-binding opinion that same-sex marriages are illegal and vow to continue issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/03/15/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-commissioners-of-multnomah-county-oregon-dismiss-state-attorney-general-hardy-myers-non-binding.md) _Context: marriage license, same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
4. [ Officials at the city and county of San Francisco, California, estimate by the end of the day that they will have issued 2,000 licenses for same-sex marriages in the four days since they started granting legal recognition to gay and lesbian unions. ](/news/2004/02/16/officials-at-the-city-and-county-of-san-francisco-california-estimate-by-the-end-of-the-day-that-they-will-have-issued-2-000-licenses-for.md) _Context: San Francisco, California, marriage license, same-sex marriage_
5. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
6. [Voters in San Francisco, California, elect Ed Lee as the city's interim Mayor. Lee is the first Asian-American to become Mayor of San Francisco. ](/news/2011/11/9/voters-in-san-francisco-california-elect-ed-lee-as-the-city-s-interim-mayor-lee-is-the-first-asian-american-to-become-mayor-of-san-franci.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
7. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests suspected members of the computer hacking groups LulzSec and Anonymous in the US cities of Phoenix, Arizona and San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/09/22/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-suspected-members-of-the-computer-hacking-groups-lulzsec-and-anonymous-in-the-us-cities-of-phoen.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
8. [New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs New York State's Marriage Equality Law, legalizing same-sex marriage in New York, and making New York the largest U.S. state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/25/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-signs-new-york-state-s-marriage-equality-law-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-and-making-new-york-t.md) _Context: California, same-sex marriage_
9. [The New York Senate votes to legalise same-sex marriage in New York, assuring passage of the legislation and making New York the largest state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-new-york-senate-votes-to-legalise-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-assuring-passage-of-the-legislation-and-making-new-york-the-largest-sta.md) _Context: California, same-sex marriage_
10. [Voters in the US city of San Francisco, California, will vote on a proposition to ban male circumcision in November. ](/news/2011/05/18/voters-in-the-us-city-of-san-francisco-california-will-vote-on-a-proposition-to-ban-male-circumcision-in-november.md) _Context: California, San Francisco, California_
