### [2013-11-26](/news/2013/11/26/index.md)

# 2013 Thai protests:: Protestors demand the resignation of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra who they believe is the puppet of her deposed brother Thaksin. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-25099105)

### Related:

1. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thaksin Shinawatra, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [2013 Thai protests:: Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra announces that she plans to hold elections. ](/news/2013/12/9/2013-thai-protests-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-announces-that-she-plans-to-hold-elections.md) _Context: 2013 Thai protests, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [2013 Thai protests:: Anti-government protests cause the Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra to flee to a secret location as a pro-Thai government protester is killed. ](/news/2013/12/1/2013-thai-protests-anti-government-protests-cause-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-to-flee-to-a-secret-location-as-a-pro.md) _Context: 2013 Thai protests, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [2013 Thai protests:: The Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra survives a no-confidence vote in the Parliament amidst street protests. ](/news/2013/11/28/2013-thai-protests-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-survives-a-no-confidence-vote-in-the-parliament-amidst-street-protes.md) _Context: 2013 Thai protests, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [2013 Thai protests:: As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-as-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-co.md) _Context: 2013 Thai protests, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
6. [Thailand votes in its 26th general election with results showing the Pheu Thai Party loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra winning a majority. Yingluck Shinawatra, the opposition party leader, is expected to be the first female Prime Minister of Thailand. ](/news/2011/07/3/thailand-votes-in-its-26th-general-election-with-results-showing-the-pheu-thai-party-loyal-to-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-winni.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thaksin Shinawatra, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-ap.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [2013-14 Thai political crisis: Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. ](/news/2016/01/15/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra will be indicted over a controversial rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/02/19/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-will-be-indicted-over-a-controversial-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
