### [2013-11-26](/news/2013/11/26/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear certain major religious freedom cases that will decide whether a company that is for-profit (including family-run ones)- and other entities who are not themselves churches- can refuse to provide contraceptive coverage that would otherwise be required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; lower courts are split. 




### Source:

1. [NBC](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/11/26/21627485-supreme-court-will-take-up-controversial-obamacare-provision-on-contraception?lite&ocid=msnhp&pos=2)

### Related:

1. [Obamacare constitutional challenges, ''Zubik v. Burwell''In a move designed to head off a 4-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court directs lawyers for the Obama administration, and for the religious groups who challenge it, to submit written briefs on a possible remedy to the case: whether coverage could be provided through the group's insurance companies without any actual notice to the government. A 4-4 decision would not set a national precedent, and would let stand the preceding decision in each case. In these seven cases, the appeals court in six upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/29/obamacare-constitutional-challenges-zubik-v-burwell-pin-a-move-designed-to-head-off-a-4-4-decision-the-u-s-supreme-court-directs-lawy.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, appeals court_
2. [The Supreme Court of the United States, which currently has just eight justices, today heard the case brought by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh (''Zubik v. Burwell'', which includes similar ones by other religious organizations) that challenges the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  provision that employer-paid health insurance plans provide women with access to contraceptives at no additional out-of-pocket cost, and challenges the  federal government accommodation offered in 2014 that would have a third-party provide the coverage with costs paid by the federal government. The plaintiffs state that both are  unconstitutional because they violate  the free exercise of religion. The decision is expected in June. If the result is a split decision (4-4), there would be no national precedent and each case's final decision would be the one made in court before the case was forwarded to the Supreme Court. In the group of cases presented today,  all but one appeals court upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-which-currently-has-just-eight-justices-today-heard-the-case-brought-by-the-roman-catholic-diocese.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, appeals court_
4. [''King v. Burwell''The Supreme Court of the United States upholds key elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) including subsidies for healthcare policies and employer mandates, with a 6-3 vote. ](/news/2015/06/25/king-v-burwell-pthe-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-key-elements-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear federal subsidies cases concerning the law. ](/news/2014/11/7/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-federal-subsidies-cases-concerning-the-law.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. (''Halbig v. Burwell'') Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enrol.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, appeals court_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including the requirement for citizens to acquire health care by 2014. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-including-the-requirement-for-citizens-to-acq.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June  order that permits admission to the U.S. of  those with a bona fide relationship.  ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-pthe-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
