### [2013-11-26](/news/2013/11/26/index.md)

# The U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer asks the Bank of England whether it needs more power. The central bank's Financial Policy Committee will study the question. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25103344)

### Related:

1. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
2. [As markets have expected, the Bank of England cuts the key interest rate to 0.25, the first cut since 2009. ](/news/2016/08/4/as-markets-have-expected-the-bank-of-england-cuts-the-key-interest-rate-to-0-25-the-first-cut-since-2009.md) _Context: Bank of England_
3. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
4. [ The Bank of England issues an unusually sharp warning about the possible economic consequences of an "Out" vote in the upcoming Brexit referendum. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-bank-of-england-issues-an-unusually-sharp-warning-about-the-possible-economic-consequences-of-an-out-vote-in-the-upcoming-brexit-refe.md) _Context: Bank of England_
5. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
6. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
7. [The Bank of England fires Martin Mallett, once its chief foreign exchange dealer, due to evidence that he was in some degree complicit in market manipulation. ](/news/2014/11/11/the-bank-of-england-fires-martin-mallett-once-its-chief-foreign-exchange-dealer-due-to-evidence-that-he-was-in-some-degree-complicit-in-ma.md) _Context: Bank of England_
8. [Bank of England governor Mark Carney says the Bank will not consider raising United Kingdom interest rates until the unemployment rate has fallen to 7% or below. ](/news/2013/08/7/bank-of-england-governor-mark-carney-says-the-bank-will-not-consider-raising-united-kingdom-interest-rates-until-the-unemployment-rate-has-f.md) _Context: Bank of England_
9. [The Bank of England upgrades its forecast for the UK economy, and says that inflation will fall faster than previously predicted. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-bank-of-england-upgrades-its-forecast-for-the-uk-economy-and-says-that-inflation-will-fall-faster-than-previously-predicted.md) _Context: Bank of England_
10. [Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. ](/news/2013/05/11/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-says-that-the-finance-ministers-and-central-bankers-of-the-g7-have-agreed-there-must.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer_
