### [2004-01-26](/news/2004/01/26/index.md)

#  Avian influenza has now been detected in a total of nine countries, with Pakistan and Laos as the latest additions. Pakistan has detected less dangerous strains H7 and H9. A six-year-old Thai boy became the seventh victim in Asia, with another ten suspected cases in the country. Around 19 million chickens have been slaughtered as a result of fighting the spread of the flu. The World Health Organisation expresses concern about a serious human outbreak. (WHO)




### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: Laos, Thailand_
2. [Nine servicemen from the Thai army are arrested on suspicion of killing 13 Chinese sailors on October 5 in a section of the Mekong River bordering Thailand, Laos and Myanmar. ](/news/2011/10/28/nine-servicemen-from-the-thai-army-are-arrested-on-suspicion-of-killing-13-chinese-sailors-on-october-5-in-a-section-of-the-mekong-river-bor.md) _Context: Laos, Thailand_
3. [The bodies of 12 Chinese sailors have been found and one remains missing in Mekong river, where Thailand, Laos and Myanmar meet, after the incident last week in which two Chinese cargo vessels were hijacked by suspected drug smugglers in the Golden Triangle, and later captured by Thai river police.](/news/2011/10/11/the-bodies-of-12-chinese-sailors-have-been-found-and-one-remains-missing-in-mekong-river-where-thailand-laos-and-myanmar-meet-after-the-i.md) _Context: Laos, Thailand_
4. [Two large earthquakes are recorded in northeastern Burma near the borders with Laos and Thailand, killing at least two people. ](/news/2011/03/24/two-large-earthquakes-are-recorded-in-northeastern-burma-near-the-borders-with-laos-and-thailand-killing-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: Laos, Thailand_
5. [ Thailand completes its repatriation of over 4,000 Hmong refugees to neighbouring Laos. ](/news/2009/12/29/thailand-completes-its-repatriation-of-over-4-000-hmong-refugees-to-neighbouring-laos.md) _Context: Laos, Thailand_
6. [ Thailand begins repatriating 4,000 Hmong to Laos against their will, despite international protest. ](/news/2009/12/28/thailand-begins-repatriating-4-000-hmong-to-laos-against-their-will-despite-international-protest.md) _Context: Laos, Thailand_
7. [ Australia agrees to fund Indonesia's response to avian influenza by providing anti-viral drugs to protect health workers in the event of a pandemic and contributing to a World Health Organisation team being sent to Jakarta. The Federal Opposition foreign affairs spokesman, Kevin Rudd, urged the Australian Government to further co-operate with regional states by calling for a regional summit on the issue. ](/news/2005/09/22/australia-agrees-to-fund-indonesia-s-response-to-avian-influenza-by-providing-anti-viral-drugs-to-protect-health-workers-in-the-event-of-a.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organisation_
8. [ Health officials in Thailand report that they have identified a likely case of human to human transmission of the H5N1 strain of avian influenza, although the World Health Organization says the transmission occurred only after prolonged contact between individuals. A more easily transmitted virus could potentially cause a worldwide flu pandemic on the level of the 1918 Spanish flu. ](/news/2004/09/28/health-officials-in-thailand-report-that-they-have-identified-a-likely-case-of-human-to-human-transmission-of-the-h5n1-strain-of-avian-infl.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, Thailand_
9. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Thailand_
10. [According to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, 30 Laotian soldiers cross the border into Steung Treng Province despite repeated requests for them to leave. Hun Sen gives Laos a six-day ultimatum to withdraw the soldiers or face a military response. ](/news/2017/08/11/according-to-cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-30-laotian-soldiers-cross-the-border-into-steung-treng-province-despite-repeated-requests-for.md) _Context: Laos_
