### [2004-01-26](/news/2004/01/26/index.md)

#  The US Energy Department's Inspector General releases a report stating that guards at the Y-12 enriched uranium storage facility in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, have been cheating on security drills, possibly for 20 years.




### Related:

1. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C C O. The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-a-greenhouse-ga.md) _Context: Department of Energy_
2. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: enriched uranium_
3. [Iran nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi says nine tons of Iran's enriched uranium will be exported to Russia in the next few days, as the country moves to implement the nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions. ](/news/2015/12/19/iran-nuclear-chief-ali-akbar-salehi-says-nine-tons-of-iran-s-enriched-uranium-will-be-exported-to-russia-in-the-next-few-days-as-the-countr.md) _Context: enriched uranium_
4. ["Smart Sheriff", the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-serio.md) _Context: Security experts_
5. [The U.S. Department of Energy cancels a shipment of 100 pounds of spent nuclear fuel (estimated value $200 million per year) to Idaho after failing to agree on terms that required a waiver to their 1995 agreement. ](/news/2015/10/23/the-u-s-department-of-energy-cancels-a-shipment-of-100-pounds-of-spent-nuclear-fuel-estimated-value-200-million-per-year-to-idaho-after.md) _Context: Department of Energy_
6. [According to a statement from Ukraine's nuclear energy authority, Yadernoye Toplivo, a private U.S. nuclear energy company, ConverDyn, could begin helping Ukraine in the production of enriched uranium, a day after Russia shut off natural gas supplies to the country after the two failed to reach agreement over Ukraine's unpaid gas debts to Russia.](/news/2015/07/2/according-to-a-statement-from-ukraine-s-nuclear-energy-authority-yadernoye-toplivo-a-private-u-s-nuclear-energy-company-converdyn-could.md) _Context: enriched uranium_
7. [An 83-year-old nun and two others are found guilty of breaking into the Y-12 National Security Complex nuclear facility in Tennessee. ](/news/2013/05/8/an-83-year-old-nun-and-two-others-are-found-guilty-of-breaking-into-the-y-12-national-security-complex-nuclear-facility-in-tennessee.md) _Context: Y-12 National Security Complex_
8. [Iran's negotiator Saeed Jalili defends the nation's controversial nuclear program that involves uranium enrichment, in a new round of talks with P5+1 countries in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/04/5/iran-s-negotiator-saeed-jalili-defends-the-nation-s-controversial-nuclear-program-that-involves-uranium-enrichment-in-a-new-round-of-talks.md) _Context: enriched uranium_
9. [Organisers and security officials reassess security plans for Sunday's 2013 London Marathon. This follows yesterday's incident at the 2013 Boston Marathon which killed three people. ](/news/2013/04/16/organisers-and-security-officials-reassess-security-plans-for-sunday-s-2013-london-marathon-this-follows-yesterday-s-incident-at-the-2013-b.md) _Context: Security experts_
10. [The Obama administration orders an independent review of Department of Energy "clean-energy" loans following the bankruptcy of solar energy company Solyndra. ](/news/2011/10/28/the-obama-administration-orders-an-independent-review-of-department-of-energy-clean-energy-loans-following-the-bankruptcy-of-solar-energy.md) _Context: Department of Energy_
