### [2004-01-26](/news/2004/01/26/index.md)

#  The House of Representatives of Connecticut votes unanimously to investigate the dealings of Governor John G. Rowland, a step which might lead to impeachment proceedings. Rowland is accused of using state contractors for his personal gain.




### Related:

1. [ Connecticut Governor Jodi Rell announces that she will not seek re-election in 2010. ](/news/2009/11/9/connecticut-governor-jodi-rell-announces-that-she-will-not-seek-re-election-in-2010.md) _Context: Connecticut, Governor_
2. [Governor of Connecticut John G. Rowland announces that he will not resign, despite allegations of corruption involving the receipt of free modifications to a vacation cottage, and the indictments of several of his top aides. [http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2003-12-13-ct-governor_x.htm]](/news/2003/12/17/governor-of-connecticut-john-g-rowland-announces-that-he-will-not-resign-despite-allegations-of-corruption-involving-the-receipt-of-free-m.md) _Context: Governor, John G. Rowland_
3. [South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234a56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-kyo-ahn-a-staunch-defender-of-ms-park-wil.md) _Context: impeach_
4. [Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson qualifies in Connecticut giving him ballot access to 48 states. ](/news/2016/09/5/libertarian-nominee-gary-johnson-qualifies-in-connecticut-giving-him-ballot-access-to-48-states.md) _Context: Connecticut_
5. [A shooter wounds at least 13 people at a house party in Bridgeport, Connecticut. ](/news/2016/08/21/a-shooter-wounds-at-least-13-people-at-a-house-party-in-bridgeport-connecticut.md) _Context: Connecticut_
6. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Connecticut_
7. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: Connecticut_
8. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Connecticut_
9. [Hundreds of thousands in Brazil's major cities, some estimates say more than 3 million people, protest the weak economy and political corruption, and call for President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. ](/news/2016/03/13/hundreds-of-thousands-in-brazil-s-major-cities-some-estimates-say-more-than-3-million-people-protest-the-weak-economy-and-political-corrup.md) _Context: impeach_
10. [Tens of thousands of Brazilians protest in cities around the country to demand that Congress impeach President Dilma Rousseff. The lower house of Congress opened impeachment proceedings on 2 December 2015. ](/news/2015/12/13/tens-of-thousands-of-brazilians-protest-in-cities-around-the-country-to-demand-that-congress-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-the-lower-hou.md) _Context: impeach_
