### [2003-10-22](/news/2003/10/22/index.md)

#  Mahathir bin Mohamad, outgoing prime minister of Malaysia, accuses leading democratic nations of terrorising the world. He seemed to be referring to the US, Israel, and Australia.




### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Prime Minister_
3. [Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim and three others are suspended from parliament for six months after allegedly suggesting a government unity policy was inspired by an Israeli initiative. ](/news/2010/12/16/malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-and-three-others-are-suspended-from-parliament-for-six-months-after-allegedly-suggesting-a-governm.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
4. [Malaysia considers suing Israel in the International Court of Justice over the blockade of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/15/malaysia-considers-suing-israel-in-the-international-court-of-justice-over-the-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
5. [Anti-Israel protests take place outside the Israeli embassy in Dublin, Ireland, and outside the US embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2010/06/4/anti-israel-protests-take-place-outside-the-israeli-embassy-in-dublin-ireland-and-outside-the-us-embassy-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
