### [2012-01-26](/news/2012/01/26/index.md)

# Security escort Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott from a restaurant in Canberra after indigenous protesters surrounded the building on Australia Day in response to comments made by Abbott. 

About 200 protesters trapped Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Opposition Leader Tony Abbott in a Canberra restaurant before police arrived to clear a passage for the pair.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2012/01/26/world/australia-protests/?hpt=ias_c2)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/national/pm---dragged-away-after-being-trapped-by--protesters-20120126-1qj1c.html)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott and the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sign a free trade agreement in the Australian capital Canberra. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-and-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-the-australian-capital.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Canberra, Tony Abbott_
2. [Thousands of people gather in Canberra, Australia to protest the introduction of a carbon tax, Prime Minister Julia Gillard met the Australian Youth Climate Coalition which is pushing for a price on emissions, while climate change mitigation activists including the Australian Council of Trade Unions delivered a petition to Minister for Climate Change and Energy Efficiency Greg Combet signed by about 10,000 "working Australians" urging the government to take action. ](/news/2011/03/23/thousands-of-people-gather-in-canberra-australia-to-protest-the-introduction-of-a-carbon-tax-prime-minister-julia-gillard-met-the-australi.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Canberra, Julia Gillard_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd joins Julia Gillard's election campaign while recovering from gallbladder surgery by attacking the opposition leader Tony Abbott. ](/news/2010/08/5/former-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-joins-julia-gillard-s-election-campaign-while-recovering-from-gallbladder-surgery-by-attacking.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, Tony Abbott_
4. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
5. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
6. [Malaysian Airlines Flight 370:Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak confirms that the plane debris recovered from Reunion Island on July 29 is from Flight 370. This is the first direct evidence that the missing March 2014 flight crashed. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says that the search for MH370 will continue. ](/news/2015/08/5/malaysian-airlines-flight-370-pmalaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-confirms-that-the-plane-debris-recovered-from-reunion-island-on-july-29.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott faces a possible leadership vote when the Parliament of Australia resumes sitting after backbencher Luke Simpkins announces that he will move a motion calling for a leadership spill. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-faces-a-possible-leadership-vote-when-the-parliament-of-australia-resumes-sitting-after-backbenc.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
9. [Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott restores Knights and Dames to the Australian Honours System through the Order of Australia. ](/news/2014/03/25/australian-prime-minister-tony-abbott-restores-knights-and-dames-to-the-australian-honours-system-through-the-order-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
10. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott, advises the Parliament that two objects possibly related to the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been located in the southern Indian Ocean. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-advises-the-parliament-that-two-objects-possibly-related-to-the-search-for-malaysia-airlines-f.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
