### [2017-03-23](/news/2017/03/23/index.md)

# American Health Care Act of 2017. The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/22/politics/house-health-care-bill/)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/23/politics/house-health-care-vote/)

### Related:

1. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
2. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals. The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: American Health Care Act of 2017, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
3. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes for the thirty-third time to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare; the measure is not likely to pass the Democratic-controlled United States Senate. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-for-the-thirty-third-time-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-afford.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
7. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
8. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
9. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A Republican Senate bill to repeal and replace large portions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act fails to win enough support to pass. ](/news/2017/07/18/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-republican-senate-bill-to-repeal-and-replace-large-portions-of-the-patie.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
10. [115th United States Congress. The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
