### [2006-03-30](/news/2006/03/30/index.md)

#  Portia Simpson Miller is sworn in as Prime Minister of Jamaica, becoming the first woman to lead the Commonwealth of Jamaica.




### Related:

1. [The opposition People's National Party wins a majority in the Jamaican general election, with former Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller set to regain office. ](/news/2011/12/30/the-opposition-people-s-national-party-wins-a-majority-in-the-jamaican-general-election-with-former-prime-minister-portia-simpson-miller-se.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller, Prime Minister of Jamaica_
2. [ Jamaica will have its first female Prime Minister, as Portia Simpson-Miller is elected president of the People's National Party. She will automatically replace P. J. Patterson in a few weeks. ](/news/2006/02/26/jamaica-will-have-its-first-female-prime-minister-as-portia-simpson-miller-is-elected-president-of-the-people-s-national-party-she-will-a.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller, Prime Minister of Jamaica_
3. [The Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller announces that the country is to become a republic, with plans to remove Queen Elizabeth II as head of state and the Jamaican monarchy in general. ](/news/2012/01/6/the-jamaican-prime-minister-portia-simpson-miller-announces-that-the-country-is-to-become-a-republic-with-plans-to-remove-queen-elizabeth-i.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller_
4. [Portia Simpson Miller is sworn in for the second time as the Prime Minister of Jamaica. ](/news/2012/01/5/portia-simpson-miller-is-sworn-in-for-the-second-time-as-the-prime-minister-of-jamaica.md) _Context: Portia Simpson-Miller, Prime Minister of Jamaica_
5. [General elections take place in Jamaica, with preliminary results showing the Opposition People's National Party led by Portia Simpson Miller in a winning position. ](/news/2011/12/29/general-elections-take-place-in-jamaica-with-preliminary-results-showing-the-opposition-people-s-national-party-led-by-portia-simpson-mille.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller_
6. [ Jamaica election: With all the votes counted, the Jamaica Labour Party (JLP) is headed to victory with 31 seats compared to the incumbent People's National Party (PNP) with 29 seats. The current Prime Minister, Portia Simpson-Miller, is calling for a recount in marginal seats. ](/news/2007/09/4/jamaica-election-with-all-the-votes-counted-the-jamaica-labour-party-jlp-is-headed-to-victory-with-31-seats-compared-to-the-incumbent-p.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller_
7. [Portia Simpson-Miller, prime minister of Jamaica, announces that the Jamaican general election, 2007 will be held on August 27th, 2007 at a rally for People's National Party in Kingston, Jamaica. ](/news/2007/07/8/portia-simpson-miller-prime-minister-of-jamaica-announces-that-the-jamaican-general-election-2007-will-be-held-on-august-27th-2007-at-a.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: Jamaica_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-st.md) _Context: Jamaica_
10. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-h.md) _Context: Jamaica_
