### [2015-05-18](/news/2015/05/18/index.md)

# After a failed coup d'tat the President of Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, fires three Ministers, including the Minister of Defence. 

An official says Burundi&#8217;s president has fired his defense minister and two other Cabinet ministers after a failed coup attempt.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/may/18/after-coup-attempt-burundi-president-fire-3-minist/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media.washtimes.com.s3.amazonaws.com/media/image/2015/05/18/cc04084c379bd216760f6a706700049d.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The President of Burundi Pierre Nkurunziza says that the government will proceed with a presidential election despite protests and a recent failed coup. ](/news/2015/05/19/the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-says-that-the-government-will-proceed-with-a-presidential-election-despite-protests-and-a-recent.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza, failed coup_
2. [Burundi's President, Pierre Nkurunziza, says Burundians will fight against any African Union peacekeepers sent into the country in response to the ongoing crisis, "everyone has to respect Burundian borders," Nkurunziza said. The African Union said this earlier this month it was ready to send 5,000 peacekeepers to protect civilians caught up in months of violence. ](/news/2015/12/30/burundi-s-president-pierre-nkurunziza-says-burundians-will-fight-against-any-african-union-peacekeepers-sent-into-the-country-in-response.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
3. [Burundi's army repels attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the worst violence since this spring's unrest that developed after President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to seek a third term in office. According to an army spokesman, at least 12 gunmen are killed and 20 captured. Reports that at least five soldiers have been killed are denied by the army, which says the soldiers were wounded. Two southern sites, a police station and an army camp, were also attacked, with no report on casualties. Kenya Airways and RwandAir cancels its flights to Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/12/11/burundias-army-repels-attacks-on-military-barracks-in-the-capital-bujumbura-in-the-worst-violence-since-this-spring-s-unrest-that-develo.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
4. [The East African Community calls on Burundi to postpone its presidential election due to unrest sparked by the decision by President Pierre Nkurunziza to run for a third term. ](/news/2015/05/31/the-east-african-community-calls-on-burundi-to-postpone-its-presidential-election-due-to-unrest-sparked-by-the-decision-by-president-pierre.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
5. [The Burundi opposition suspends talks with the Government of President Pierre Nkurunziza following the assassination of opposition leader Zedi Feruzi of the Union for Peace and Development party yesterday. ](/news/2015/05/24/the-burundi-opposition-suspends-talks-with-the-government-of-president-pierre-nkurunziza-following-the-assassination-of-opposition-leader-ze.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
6. [Burundi officials say that they have arrested several coup members but the leader of the failed coup against President Pierre Nkurunziza, Major General Godefroid Niyombare remains at large. ](/news/2015/05/15/burundi-officials-say-that-they-have-arrested-several-coup-members-but-the-leader-of-the-failed-coup-against-president-pierre-nkurunziza-ma.md) _Context: Pierre Nkurunziza, failed coup_
7. [Major General Godefroid Niyombare has declared a coup in Burundi and the establishment of a "national salvation committee". President Pierre Nkurunziza is attempting to return home from Tanzania. ](/news/2015/05/13/major-general-godefroid-niyombare-has-declared-a-coup-in-burundi-and-the-establishment-of-a-national-salvation-committee-president-pierre.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest, Pierre Nkurunziza_
8. [The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civilians-caught-up-in-the.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest_
9. [The U.S. State Department issues a travel advisory for Burundi and advises its citizens there to leave as soon as possible due to the increased violence in the capital Bujumbura where 87 people were killed this weekend. Families of U.S. government personnel and non-emergency personnel have been ordered to leave immediately. ](/news/2015/12/13/the-u-s-state-department-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-burundi-and-advises-its-citizens-there-to-leave-as-soon-as-possible-due-to-the-increa.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest_
10. [Burundi's army reports 87 people, including eight government defenders, were killed, and 45 attackers captured in Friday's clashes at three military sites in Bujumbura. Police have not identified the gunmen. Witnesses report some of the victims' arms were tied behind their backs while others were killed at close range. This was the worst violence since this spring's attempted coup d'etat. One of the generals behind the failed coup says his rebel group still wants to oust the president. ](/news/2015/12/12/burundi-s-army-reports-87-people-including-eight-government-defenders-were-killed-and-45-attackers-captured-in-friday-s-clashes-at-three.md) _Context: 2015 Burundian unrest_
