### [2015-05-18](/news/2015/05/18/index.md)

# Amtrak resumes train services between New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, following a fatal train derailment on May 12. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/17/amtrak-philadelphia-new-york_n_7301992.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 Philadelphia train derailment: An Amtrak train derails in the Port Richmond neighborhood of the American city of Philadelphia causing cars to roll over. At least 5 people have been killed, 50 people are injured in the derailment.](/news/2015/05/12/2015-philadelphia-train-derailment-an-amtrak-train-derails-in-the-port-richmond-neighborhood-of-the-american-city-of-philadelphia-causing-c.md) _Context: 2015 Philadelphia train derailment, Amtrak, Philadelphia_
2. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia_
3. [2016 Chester, Pennsylvania train derailment: Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/2016-chester-pennsylvania-train-derailment-two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmett.md) _Context: Amtrak, New York City_
4. [The cold snap continues in the northeastern United States with record lows forecast in major cities like New York City and Philadelphia. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-cold-snap-continues-in-the-northeastern-united-states-with-record-lows-forecast-in-major-cities-like-new-york-city-and-philadelphia.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia_
5. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York City, Philadelphia_
6. [A Carolinian Amtrak passenger train (running north from Charlotte, North Carolina, to New York City) hits a tractor-trailer in Halifax, North Carolina resulting in two cars of the train derailing with several people receiving minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/9/a-carolinian-amtrak-passenger-train-running-north-from-charlotte-north-carolina-to-new-york-city-hits-a-tractor-trailer-in-halifax-nort.md) _Context: Amtrak, New York City_
7. [Two Metro-North commuter trains collide near Bridgeport, Connecticut injuring at least 72 people and resulting in the cancellation of Amtrak services between New York City and Boston. ](/news/2013/05/17/two-metro-north-commuter-trains-collide-near-bridgeport-connecticut-injuring-at-least-72-people-and-resulting-in-the-cancellation-of-amtrak.md) _Context: Amtrak, New York City_
8. [Hyperloop: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [2017 Bronx Lebanon Hospital attack: A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/2017-bronx-lebanon-hospital-attack-a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-fiv.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [71st Tony Awards: The Tony Awards are held in New York City with "Dear Evan Hansen" winning six awards including Best Musical and "Oslo" winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/71st-tony-awards-the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-win.md) _Context: New York City_
