### [2015-05-18](/news/2015/05/18/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. The Governor of Iraq's Anbar Governorate estimates that 500 people were killed and 8000 fled as ISIS captured the strategically important city of Ramadi. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2015/05/18/500-killed-8-000-fled-as-Ramadi-fell-to-ISIS.html)

### Related:

1. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group-s reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turke.md) _Context: ISIL, ISIS, Iraq_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
3. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ram.md) _Context: Iraq, Ramadi_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraq, Ramadi_
5. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). American-led intervention in Syria. United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/27/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-t.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
7. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ISIL claims responsibility for a bombing in central Iraqi city of Baquba that killed at least 30 people and injured 40 more. ](/news/2015/08/10/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-claims-responsibility-for-a-bombing-in-central-iraqi-city-of-baquba-that-killed-at-least-30-peopl.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
8. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: ISIS claims responsibility for the attack on an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad in the American city of Garland, Texas. One of the suspects was previously interrogated and surveilled by the FBI having visited Somalia, and both suspects praised ISIS in social media. ](/news/2015/05/5/curtis-culwell-center-attack-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-on-an-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophet-muhammad-in-the-american.md) _Context: ISIL, ISIS_
9. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Close to 55,000 people have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi since it was captured by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/05/25/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-close-to-55-000-people-have-fled-the-iraqi-city-of-ramadi-since-it-was-captured-by-islamic-state.md) _Context: Iraq, Ramadi_
10. [The Islamic State reportedly seizes control of the Iraqi city of Ramadi after the retreat of government forces. ](/news/2015/05/17/the-islamic-state-reportedly-seizes-control-of-the-iraqi-city-of-ramadi-after-the-retreat-of-government-forces.md) _Context: Iraq, Ramadi_
