### [2015-05-18](/news/2015/05/18/index.md)

# The District Attorney for Manhattan says he intends to retry a murder case in the disappearance of Etan Patz which ended in a mistrial. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Etan-Patz-Missing-Boy-Soho-1979-Mistrial-Pedro-Hernandez-Jurors-Re-try-Case-Cy-Vance-Manhattan-304158191.html?_osource=SocialFlowTwt_NYBrand)
1. [Cover Image](http://media.nbcnewyork.com/images/1200*675/etan+patz+court.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Etan Patz, Manhattan_
2. [The 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly commences its General Debate at the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan, New York. ](/news/2017/09/19/the-72nd-session-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-commences-its-general-debate-at-the-united-nations-headquarters-in-manhattan-new-yo.md) _Context: Manhattan_
3. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors. The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
4. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the "once large and prominent law firm" Dewey & LeBoeuf. The three had been charged with "plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis." ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
5. [A mistrial is declared in a murder case of a man in relation to the 1979 disappearance of Etan Patz in New York City. ](/news/2015/05/8/a-mistrial-is-declared-in-a-murder-case-of-a-man-in-relation-to-the-1979-disappearance-of-etan-patz-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: Etan Patz_
6. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Manhattan_
7. [A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-manhattan-federal-court-convicts-ross-ulbricht-aka-dread-pirate-roberts-the-owner-of-the-silk-road-deep-web-illicit-products-website.md) _Context: Manhattan_
8. [A New York City physician tests positive for Ebola at the Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan after treating Ebola patients in Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/23/a-new-york-city-physician-tests-positive-for-ebola-at-the-bellevue-hospital-center-in-manhattan-after-treating-ebola-patients-in-guinea.md) _Context: Manhattan_
9. [Texas Governor Rick Perry is indicted on felony charges for abuse of power. He is accused of coercing a District Attorney who had been convicted of drunk driving to resign by threatening to veto funding for state public corruption prosecutors. ](/news/2014/08/15/texas-governor-rick-perry-is-indicted-on-felony-charges-for-abuse-of-power-he-is-accused-of-coercing-a-district-attorney-who-had-been-convi.md) _Context: District Attorney_
10. [The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. ](/news/2014/07/30/the-u-s-district-court-in-manhattan-via-judge-jed-rakoff-orders-bank-of-america-to-pay-1-27-billion-in-damages-relating-to-the-housing-b.md) _Context: Manhattan_
