### [2009-07-1](/news/2009/07/1/index.md)

#  The European Union declares Ireland free of brucellosis, a disease which cost the country millions of euro to eradicate. 

Ireland has been declared free of a cattle disease, which cost the country millions of euro to eradicate.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0701/farming.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2009/0701/breaking61.htm)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
2. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
3. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
4. [The European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-the-departure-of-former-president-yahya.md) _Context: EUR, European Union_
5. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
6. [In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. ](/news/2013/04/13/in-ireland-thousands-of-people-attend-an-anti-austerity-rally-at-dublin-castle-where-eu-finance-ministers-are-meeting-opposition-tds-rich.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: EUR, European Union_
8. [The European Union urges member states to conduct random tests to tackle an ongoing horse meat contamination scandal. Simon Coveney, Ireland's Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, says that the scandal is a "Europe-wide issue that needs a Europe-wide solution". ](/news/2013/02/13/the-european-union-urges-member-states-to-conduct-random-tests-to-tackle-an-ongoing-horse-meat-contamination-scandal-simon-coveney-ireland.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
9. [European Union Agriculture Ministers meet in Luxembourg to discuss the continuing 2011 E. coli O104:H4 outbreak that has so far killed 23 and for which no cause has yet been found; a 150 million euro compensation fund is proposed, but no Europe-wide bans on produce. ](/news/2011/06/7/european-union-agriculture-ministers-meet-in-luxembourg-to-discuss-the-continuing-2011-e-coli-o104-h4-outbreak-that-has-so-far-killed-23-an.md) _Context: EUR, European Union_
10. [The International Monetary Fund approves a 26 billion euro loan to Portugal as part of a joint bailout package with the European Union to try to resolve the European sovereign debt crisis. ](/news/2011/05/20/the-international-monetary-fund-approves-a-26-billion-euro-loan-to-portugal-as-part-of-a-joint-bailout-package-with-the-european-union-to-tr.md) _Context: EUR, European Union_
