### [2016-09-28](/news/2016/09/28/index.md)

# 19th SAARC summit: Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. 

India&rsquo;s efforts to isolate Pakistan on the issue of terrorism got a boost on Wednesday with Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan also deciding to skip the Saarc Summit in...


### Source:

1. [The Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/saarc-summit-collapses-after-india-and-3-other-members-pull-out/story-kIMWfSqirGLzB6MEfuS3CN.html)

### Related:

1. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
2. [The World Health Organisation removes India from the list of polio endemic countries with only Pakistan, Afghanistan and Nigeria remaining. ](/news/2012/02/25/the-world-health-organisation-removes-india-from-the-list-of-polio-endemic-countries-with-only-pakistan-afghanistan-and-nigeria-remaining.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
3. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:: A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India_
4. [At least 10 anti-government protesters are killed by early morning bombs in Mogadishu; the dead include people from Afghanistan, Algeria, India and Pakistan. ](/news/2010/08/21/at-least-10-anti-government-protesters-are-killed-by-early-morning-bombs-in-mogadishu-the-dead-include-people-from-afghanistan-algeria-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
5. [ A 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurs in eastern Bhutan and is felt in northeast India, Tibet and Bangladesh, leaving at least 10 dead. ](/news/2009/09/21/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-eastern-bhutan-and-is-felt-in-northeast-india-tibet-and-bangladesh-leaving-at-least-10-dead.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India_
6. [ Pakistan and Bangladesh reject charges by India that terror outfits operating in their countries were behind the Hyderabad bomb blasts which killed 42 and injured over 60. ](/news/2007/08/27/pakistan-and-bangladesh-reject-charges-by-india-that-terror-outfits-operating-in-their-countries-were-behind-the-hyderabad-bomb-blasts-whic.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Pakistan_
7. [ The 14th annual summit of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) begins in New Delhi, India, and Afghanistan becomes its 8th member. ](/news/2007/04/3/the-14th-annual-summit-of-the-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-begins-in-new-delhi-india-and-afghanistan-becomes.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation_
8. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Pakistan_
9. [ South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, composed of foreign ministers from seven south Asian countries (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives and Bhutan) meeting in Islamabad agree to create the South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) by 2006. ](/news/2004/01/2/south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-composed-of-foreign-ministers-from-seven-south-asian-countries-pakistan-india-banglade.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, Pakistan_
10. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods: Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
