### [2013-08-23](/news/2013/08/23/index.md)

# Israeli warplanes strike Na'ameh, Lebanon in response to rocket attacks. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57599816/israel-launches-air-strikes-in-lebanon-in-response-to-rocket-attack/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
2. [Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
3. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
4. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict. Two rockets are launched at Israel from Lebanon. Israel fires 20 artillery shells into Lebanon in retaliation. ](/news/2013/12/29/israeli-lebanese-conflict-two-rockets-are-launched-at-israel-from-lebanon-israel-fires-20-artillery-shells-into-lebanon-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
5. [Four Israeli soldiers are wounded by a landmine near the Lebanese border. ](/news/2013/08/7/four-israeli-soldiers-are-wounded-by-a-landmine-near-the-lebanese-border.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
6. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict:. Israel places troops stationed in northern Israel on high alert following the collapse of the Lebanese government. ](/news/2011/01/13/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israel-places-troops-stationed-in-northern-israel-on-high-alert-following-the-collapse-of-the-lebanese-governm.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
7. [Two Lebanese labourers are injured after the Israeli army detonates two of its espionage devices by remote control in the southern Lebanese city of Tyre. ](/news/2010/12/3/two-lebanese-labourers-are-injured-after-the-israeli-army-detonates-two-of-its-espionage-devices-by-remote-control-in-the-southern-lebanese.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
9. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. ](/news/2010/10/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-visits-lebanon-amidst-concern-from-israel-and-united-states.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
10. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
