### [2013-08-23](/news/2013/08/23/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:The United Nations reports that there are a million child refugees. 

The longer chemical weapons inspectors wait in a Damascus luxury hotel for permission to drive up the road to the site of what appears to be the worst poison gas attack in a quarter century, the less likely they will be able to get to the bottom of it.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/08/23/syrian-child-refugees-reaches1-million-mark-un-says/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/22/us-syria-crisis-chemical-analysis-idUSBRE97L10020130822)

### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
2. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
3. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
4. [The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on-september-19-russ.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
5. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
6. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
7. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
8. [United Nations investigators accuse the Government of Syria of "extermination" in its jails and detention centres. ](/news/2016/02/8/united-nations-investigators-accuse-the-government-of-syria-of-extermination-in-its-jails-and-detention-centres.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
9. [The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-increased-airstrikes-by-russia-have-forced-humanitarian-assistance.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
10. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: United Nations, war_
