### [2013-08-23](/news/2013/08/23/index.md)

# The United Nations reports that there are a million child refugees. 

The longer chemical weapons inspectors wait in a Damascus luxury hotel for permission to drive up the road to the site of what appears to be the worst poison gas attack in a quarter century, the less likely they will be able to get to the bottom of it.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/08/23/syrian-child-refugees-reaches1-million-mark-un-says/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/22/us-syria-crisis-chemical-analysis-idUSBRE97L10020130822)
2. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20130822&t=2&i=771921679&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBRE97L1H1T00)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon demands better humanitarian aid for 250,000 war refugees in Sri Lanka. ](/news/2009/05/23/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-demands-better-humanitarian-aid-for-250-000-war-refugees-in-sri-lanka.md) _Context: United Nations, refugee_
2. [ The United Nations' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimates that 15,000 refugees have fled from southern Darfur to the Zam Zam refugee camp in the north. ](/news/2009/02/25/the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-estimates-that-15-000-refugees-have-fled-from-southern-darfur-to-th.md) _Context: United Nations, refugee_
3. [ The United Nations launches a food assistance program to assist Iraqi refugees in Syria. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-united-nations-launches-a-food-assistance-program-to-assist-iraqi-refugees-in-syria.md) _Context: United Nations, refugee_
4. [ Gunmen kill at least 156 people &ndash; mainly women and children &ndash; in an overnight raid on the Gatumba camp for Congolese Tutsi refugees in Burundi, the UN says. ](/news/2004/08/14/gunmen-kill-at-least-156-people-ndash-mainly-women-and-children-ndash-in-an-overnight-raid-on-the-gatumba-camp-for-congolese-tutsi-refu.md) _Context: United Nations, refugee_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the Trump administration can block international refugees from entering the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-trump-administration-can-block-international-refugees-from-entering-the-united-states.md) _Context: refugee_
6. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: United Nations_
