### [2002-12-22](/news/2002/12/22/index.md)

# "Time" announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.




### Related:

1. [Addressing the death of Kenneth Lay, U.S. President George W. Bush states that he hopes Lay, one of the men convicted in the collapse of Enron, "was right with the Lord". ](/news/2006/07/6/addressing-the-death-of-kenneth-lay-u-s-president-george-w-bush-states-that-he-hopes-lay-one-of-the-men-convicted-in-the-collapse-of-enr.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
2. [ Former Enron executive Kenneth Lay has died of a heart attack at the age of 64. ](/news/2006/07/5/former-enron-executive-kenneth-lay-has-died-of-a-heart-attack-at-the-age-of-64.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
3. [ Former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling are found criminally guilty for their role in the demise of the now-defunct energy-trading firm. ](/news/2006/05/25/former-enron-executives-kenneth-lay-and-jeffrey-skilling-are-found-criminally-guilty-for-their-role-in-the-demise-of-the-now-defunct-energy.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
4. [ Zacarias Moussaoui pleads guilty to terror charges in U.S. federal court. ](/news/2005/04/22/zacarias-moussaoui-pleads-guilty-to-terror-charges-in-u-s-federal-court.md) _Context: Zacarias Moussaoui, terrorism_
5. [German Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries unveils a draft bill aimed at policing company accounts following the Enron and WorldCom scandals in the USA. [http://www.finance24.co.za/Finance/Companies/0,,1518-24_1456622,00.html]](/news/2003/12/8/german-justice-minister-brigitte-zypries-unveils-a-draft-bill-aimed-at-policing-company-accounts-following-the-enron-and-worldcom-scandals-i.md) _Context: Enron, WorldCom_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
7. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: whistleblower_
8. [Minnehaha Academy gas explosion: A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/minnehaha-academy-gas-explosion-a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff.md) _Context: Minneapolis_
9. [Shooting of Justine Damond: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Minneapolis_
10. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI-s investigation of Russia-s efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
