### [2002-12-22](/news/2002/12/22/index.md)

# "Time" announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.




### Related:

1. [Addressing the death of Kenneth Lay, U.S. President George W. Bush states that he hopes Lay, one of the men convicted in the collapse of Enron, "was right with the Lord". ](/news/2006/07/6/addressing-the-death-of-kenneth-lay-u-s-president-george-w-bush-states-that-he-hopes-lay-one-of-the-men-convicted-in-the-collapse-of-enr.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
2. [ Former Enron executive Kenneth Lay has died of a heart attack at the age of 64. ](/news/2006/07/5/former-enron-executive-kenneth-lay-has-died-of-a-heart-attack-at-the-age-of-64.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
3. [ Former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling are found criminally guilty for their role in the demise of the now-defunct energy-trading firm. ](/news/2006/05/25/former-enron-executives-kenneth-lay-and-jeffrey-skilling-are-found-criminally-guilty-for-their-role-in-the-demise-of-the-now-defunct-energy.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
4. [ Zacarias Moussaoui pleads guilty to terror charges in U.S. federal court. ](/news/2005/04/22/zacarias-moussaoui-pleads-guilty-to-terror-charges-in-u-s-federal-court.md) _Context: Zacarias Moussaoui, terrorism_
5. [ Kenneth Lay, the former Chairman of Enron, is indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas. Enron filed for bankruptcy on December 2, 2001, after investigators discovered that it had hidden more than $1 billion in debt and inflated profits. ](/news/2004/07/7/kenneth-lay-the-former-chairman-of-enron-is-indicted-by-a-grand-jury-in-houston-texas-enron-filed-for-bankruptcy-on-december-2-2001-a.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
6. [German Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries unveils a draft bill aimed at policing company accounts following the Enron and WorldCom scandals in the USA. [http://www.finance24.co.za/Finance/Companies/0,,1518-24_1456622,00.html]](/news/2003/12/8/german-justice-minister-brigitte-zypries-unveils-a-draft-bill-aimed-at-policing-company-accounts-following-the-enron-and-worldcom-scandals-i.md) _Context: Enron, WorldCom_
7. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
8. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
9. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: whistleblower_
10. [A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff-members-another-nine-people-wer.md) _Context: Minneapolis_
