### [2002-12-22](/news/2002/12/22/index.md)

# ''Time'' announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.




### Related:

1. [Addressing the death of Kenneth Lay, U.S. President George W. Bush states that he hopes Lay, one of the men convicted in the collapse of Enron, "was right with the Lord". ](/news/2006/07/6/addressing-the-death-of-kenneth-lay-u-s-president-george-w-bush-states-that-he-hopes-lay-one-of-the-men-convicted-in-the-collapse-of-enr.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
2. [ Former Enron executive Kenneth Lay has died of a heart attack at the age of 64.  ](/news/2006/07/5/former-enron-executive-kenneth-lay-has-died-of-a-heart-attack-at-the-age-of-64.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
3. [ Former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling are found criminally guilty for their role in the demise of the now-defunct energy-trading firm. ](/news/2006/05/25/former-enron-executives-kenneth-lay-and-jeffrey-skilling-are-found-criminally-guilty-for-their-role-in-the-demise-of-the-now-defunct-energy.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
4. [ Zacarias Moussaoui pleads guilty to terror charges in U.S. federal court. ](/news/2005/04/22/zacarias-moussaoui-pleads-guilty-to-terror-charges-in-u-s-federal-court.md) _Context: Zacarias Moussaoui, terrorism_
5. [German Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries unveils a draft bill aimed at policing company accounts following the Enron and WorldCom scandals in the USA. [http://www.finance24.co.za/Finance/Companies/0,,1518-24_1456622,00.html]](/news/2003/12/8/german-justice-minister-brigitte-zypries-unveils-a-draft-bill-aimed-at-policing-company-accounts-following-the-enron-and-worldcom-scandals-i.md) _Context: Enron, WorldCom_
6. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police  do not believe  terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Time_
