### [2017-02-7](/news/2017/02/7/index.md)

# Incumbent Australian Senator Cory Bernardi defects from the centre-right Liberal Party of Australia to establish his own minor party, the Australian Conservatives. 

South Australian senator Cory Bernardi officially quits the Liberal Party to establish the Australian Conservatives.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-02-07/cory-bernardi-formally-quits-liberal-party/8247402)

### Related:

1. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
2. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
3. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
4. [Stuart Robert representing the Liberal Party, Australia's Minister for Veterans' Affairs and for Human Services, resigns for breaching ministerial standards during his 2014 business trip to China while Assistant Minister for Defence. ](/news/2016/02/12/stuart-robert-representing-the-liberal-party-australia-s-minister-for-veterans-affairs-and-for-human-services-resigns-for-breaching-minis.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
5. [Malcolm Turnbull is sworn in as the Prime Minister of Australia following his election to the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia. ](/news/2015/09/15/malcolm-turnbull-is-sworn-in-as-the-prime-minister-of-australia-following-his-election-to-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
6. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
7. [Voters in the Australian states of Tasmania and South Australia go to the polls for state elections. The Liberal Party led by Will Hodgman have won government in the Tasmanian election while the South Australian election is too close to call. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-in-the-australian-states-of-tasmania-and-south-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-state-elections-the-liberal-party-led-by-will-hodgman-h.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
8. [Australian federal election, 2013:Voters in Australia go to the polls for a federal election with the Liberal-National Coalition Opposition led by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott winning government. ](/news/2013/09/7/australian-federal-election-2013-pvoters-in-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-the-liberal-national-coalition-opposition.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
9. [ Tony Abbott becomes the leader of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia and Leader of the Opposition defeating Malcolm Turnbull by 42 votes to 41 following a party revolt over its position on the Rudd government's Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme. ](/news/2009/12/1/tony-abbott-becomes-the-leader-of-the-federal-liberal-party-of-australia-and-leader-of-the-opposition-defeating-malcolm-turnbull-by-42-vote.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
10. [ Malcolm Turnbull is elected as the new leader of the Federal Liberal Party of Australia and Leader of the Opposition following a leadership spill. ](/news/2008/09/16/malcolm-turnbull-is-elected-as-the-new-leader-of-the-federal-liberal-party-of-australia-and-leader-of-the-opposition-following-a-leadership.md) _Context: Liberal Party_
