### [2017-02-7](/news/2017/02/7/index.md)

# Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. 

NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The tornadoes that struck southeastern Louisiana on Tuesday injured about 20 people, destroyed homes and businesses, flipped cars and trucks, and left about 10,000 customers without power, but no deaths…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a4d2d8f9dd0e45c6bb94321dbe109ce7/tornado-warnings-issued-louisiana-and-mississippi)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/louisiana-tornado-idUSL1N1FS1GZ)

### Related:

1. [Deepwater Horizon oil spill: London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-governme.md) _Context: Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi_
2. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi_
3. [Tropical Storm Isaac:: The United States National Hurricane Center issues hurricane warnings for the states of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. A state of emergency is in effect in these four areas. ](/news/2012/08/26/tropical-storm-isaac-the-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-hurricane-warnings-for-the-states-of-florida-alabama-mississippi.md) _Context: Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi_
4. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's flooding in the America's Deep South. More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-americ.md) _Context: Louisiana, Mississippi_
5. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court-s injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-court-s-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
6. [Although he is currently still being held in New Orleans, Louisiana, Los Angeles prosecutors formally charge Robert Durst with the murder of his former friend Susan Berman covered in the HBO documentary miniseries "The Jinx". ](/news/2015/03/16/although-he-is-currently-still-being-held-in-new-orleans-louisiana-los-angeles-prosecutors-formally-charge-robert-durst-with-the-murder-of.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
7. [A shooting at Bourbon Street in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S. injures 9 people. ](/news/2014/06/29/a-shooting-at-bourbon-street-in-new-orleans-louisiana-u-s-injures-9-people.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
8. [Nineteen people are injured during a shooting at a Mother's Day parade in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. ](/news/2013/05/12/nineteen-people-are-injured-during-a-shooting-at-a-mother-s-day-parade-in-new-orleans-louisiana-united-states.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
9. [Ray Nagin, the former Mayor of New Orleans, Louisiana, is indicted on 21 different counts including fraud, embezzlement, money laundering, bribery, and tax evasion. ](/news/2013/01/18/ray-nagin-the-former-mayor-of-new-orleans-louisiana-is-indicted-on-21-different-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-money-laundering-b.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
10. [Travel on the Mississippi River is closed for five miles near the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana due to flooding. ](/news/2011/05/20/travel-on-the-mississippi-river-is-closed-for-five-miles-near-the-us-city-of-baton-rouge-louisiana-due-to-flooding.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana_
