### [2017-02-7](/news/2017/02/7/index.md)

# The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. 

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit asked the Justice Department and lawyers for the states of Washington and Minnesota to argue the matter Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/appeals-court-travel-ban-trump-live-updates/)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/opposition-to-trump-travel-ban-grows-as-key-court-decision-looms/2017/02/06/d766ec7c-ec74-11e6-9662-6eedf1627882_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block-a-lower-court-ruling-that-br.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit, U.S. immigration suspension_
2. [United States federal judge James Robart temporarily blocks the so-called travel ban nationwide pending a legal challenge by the government.  ](/news/2017/02/3/united-states-federal-judge-james-robart-temporarily-blocks-the-so-called-travel-ban-nationwide-pending-a-legal-challenge-by-the-government.md) _Context: James Robart, U.S. immigration suspension_
3. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
4. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
5. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in ''State of Washington v. Trump''. The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-pthe-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executiv.md) _Context: James Robart_
6. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
7. [Hundreds of restaurants and other businesses in U.S. cities close their doors after activists called on immigrants to stay home from work, avoid shopping or eating out, and skip classes Thursday for #ADayWithoutImmigrants, to protest the President's immigration reforms and highlight the immigrant community's contributions to the United States. ](/news/2017/02/16/hundreds-of-restaurants-and-other-businesses-in-u-s-cities-close-their-doors-after-activists-called-on-immigrants-to-stay-home-from-work-a.md) _Context: U.S. immigration suspension_
8. [A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment,  cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws.  ](/news/2016/08/16/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-money-to-prosecute.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
9. [The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules there is no Second Amendment protection for concealed weapons, upholding a California law that does not consider "general self-defense" sufficient for a license. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-9th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-there-is-no-second-amendment-protection-for-concealed-weapons-upholding-a-california-law-that-d.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
10. [The U.S. Supreme Court's even split among the current eight justices turns down a group of California teachers' challenge to agency fees public sector unions representing government employees charge employees for collective bargaining costs, whether or not they choose to join the union. Twenty-four other states and the District of Columbia have a similar provision. The ninth circuit federal appellate court ruling in the union's favor stands. Employees challenging the law may bring the appeal again, once the vacancy on the nation's highest court is filled. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-s-even-split-among-the-current-eight-justices-turns-down-a-group-of-california-teachers-challenge-to-agency-fees-pub.md) _Context: Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit_
