### [2017-02-7](/news/2017/02/7/index.md)

# U.S. immigration suspension: The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. 

The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit asked the Justice Department and lawyers for the states of Washington and Minnesota to argue the matter Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/appeals-court-travel-ban-trump-live-updates/)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/opposition-to-trump-travel-ban-grows-as-key-court-decision-looms/2017/02/06/d766ec7c-ec74-11e6-9662-6eedf1627882_story.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. immigration suspension: The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/u-s-immigration-suspension-the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block.md) _Context: U.S. immigration suspension, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
2. [U.S. immigration suspension: United States federal judge James Robart temporarily blocks the so-called travel ban nationwide pending a legal challenge by the government. ](/news/2017/02/3/u-s-immigration-suspension-united-states-federal-judge-james-robart-temporarily-blocks-the-so-called-travel-ban-nationwide-pending-a-legal.md) _Context: James Robart, U.S. immigration suspension_
3. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780: A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [Monkey selfie: The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/monkey-selfie-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-ma.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [United States immigration policy: A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/united-states-immigration-policy-a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-impl.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
7. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump": The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: James Robart_
10. [U.S. immigration suspension: Day Without Immigrants: Hundreds of restaurants and other businesses in U.S. cities close their doors after activists called on immigrants to stay home from work, avoid shopping or eating out, and skip classes Thursday for #ADayWithoutImmigrants, to protest the President's immigration reforms and highlight the immigrant community's contributions to the United States. ](/news/2017/02/16/u-s-immigration-suspension-day-without-immigrants-hundreds-of-restaurants-and-other-businesses-in-u-s-cities-close-their-doors-after-act.md) _Context: U.S. immigration suspension_
