### [2010-10-25](/news/2010/10/25/index.md)

# Abdul Nacer Benbrika, serving a 15-year jail term in Australia after being found guilty on a number of terrorism-related charged, loses an appeal in the Court of Appeal against conviction of leading a terrorist group. 

The leader of a terrorist organisation that plotted to wage violent jihad in Australia has failed to have his sentence reduced, despite a partial win in the Court of Appeal.


### Source:

1. [ABC Melbourne](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/10/25/3047217.htm?site=melbourne)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/national/benbrika-loses-court-appeal/story-e6frf7l6-1225943235000)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Sydney terrorism plot: Australian authorities arrest nine men, led by Abdul Nacer Benbrika, in a counterterrorism raid. Benbrika and six other men are later convicted of terrorism-related offenses. ](/news/2005/11/8/2005-sydney-terrorism-plot-australian-authorities-arrest-nine-men-led-by-abdul-nacer-benbrika-in-a-counterterrorism-raid-benbrika-and-s.md) _Context: Abdul Nacer Benbrika, Australia, terrorism_
2. [Australia raises security for its Parliament after conducting raids that arrest dozens of suspected terrorists. ](/news/2014/09/19/australia-raises-security-for-its-parliament-after-conducting-raids-that-arrest-dozens-of-suspected-terrorists.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
3. [ Six men have been found guilty of terrorism-related offences in Melbourne, Australia. Abdul Nacer Benbrika was found guilty of intentionally directing the activities of a terrorist organization while five other men were found guilty of being members of the same organization. Four other men were acquitted and the jury is still considering its verdict on two men. ](/news/2008/09/16/six-men-have-been-found-guilty-of-terrorism-related-offences-in-melbourne-australia-abdul-nacer-benbrika-was-found-guilty-of-intentionall.md) _Context: Abdul Nacer Benbrika, Australia_
4. [ Six men have been found guilty of terrorism-related offences in Melbourne, Australia. Abdul Nacer Benbrika was found guilty of intentionally directing the activities of a terrorist organization while five other men were found guilty of being members of the same organisation. Four other men were acquitted and the jury is still considering its verdict on two men. ](/news/2008/09/15/six-men-have-been-found-guilty-of-terrorism-related-offences-in-melbourne-australia-abdul-nacer-benbrika-was-found-guilty-of-intentionall.md) _Context: Abdul Nacer Benbrika, Australia_
5. [ Australian David Hicks is released from Yatala Labour Prison, South Australia, after his jail sentence for providing material support for terrorism ends, following his earlier detainment at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2007/12/29/australian-david-hicks-is-released-from-yatala-labour-prison-south-australia-after-his-jail-sentence-for-providing-material-support-for-t.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
6. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef, the Indian doctor freed in Australia of supporting terrorism, indicates that he would like to return to India as soon as possible. He later received clearance from the Australian Government to leave tonight. ](/news/2007/07/28/dr-mohamed-haneef-the-indian-doctor-freed-in-australia-of-supporting-terrorism-indicates-that-he-would-like-to-return-to-india-as-soon-as.md) _Context: Australia, terrorism_
7. [Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-island-since-2012-so-avoiding-a-publ.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia_
