### [2010-10-25](/news/2010/10/25/index.md)

# Israeli officials criticize the concluding document of the Vatican's synod on the Middle East, with Israeli deputy foreign minister Danny Ayalon accusing the synod of being "a forum for Arab propaganda". 

THE VATICAN&rsquo;s two-week long synod on the Middle East ended on a polemical note this weekend when Israeli deputy foreign minister&hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/international/Article.aspx?id=192590)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/world/2010/1025/1224281952401.html)
3. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iOJS-4W6YYFmDf86_T_ClVcoYDgw?docId=94a65f0853fe41b2a182f57194563510)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
2. [Israel's deputy foreign minister Danny Ayalon tells public radio that he wants re-elected Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan to block what Ayalon considers a "provocative flotilla" of activists bound for Gaza "entering dangerous zones". ](/news/2011/06/13/israel-s-deputy-foreign-minister-danny-ayalon-tells-public-radio-that-he-wants-re-elected-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-to.md) _Context: Danny Ayalon, Israel_
3. [Barack Obama Middle East speech:President Obama gives a speech in support of the Arab Spring during which he states that the solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict must include Israel reverting its borders back to the pre-1967 borders.](/news/2011/05/19/barack-obama-middle-east-speech-ppresident-obama-gives-a-speech-in-support-of-the-arab-spring-during-which-he-states-that-the-solution-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
4. [Israel buys 20 F-35I variant radar-evading fighter jets from the United States, Israel's first batch of advanced fighter jets which arm the country with the most sophisticated combat aircraft in the Middle East. Officials at The Pentagon acknowledge the sale. ](/news/2010/10/7/israel-buys-20-f-35i-variant-radar-evading-fighter-jets-from-the-united-states-israel-s-first-batch-of-advanced-fighter-jets-which-arm-the.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
6. [Middle East:Israel adjourns deciding on whether to ease its three year blockade of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/06/16/middle-east-pisrael-adjourns-deciding-on-whether-to-ease-its-three-year-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
7. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
8. [Middle East: Israeli troops kill two Palestinian militants as they attempt to infiltrate into Israel from the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10138251.stm (BBC)]An Israeli soldier patrolling the Gaza border is wounded by a Palestinian sniper firing from inside Gaza. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3892384,00.html (Ynetnews)] Israeli warplanes bomb three tunnels in Gaza in response to a rocket attack on Israel the previous day. [http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-soldier-wounded-by-palestinian-sniper-fire-on-gaza-border-1.291399 (Haaretz)](/news/2010/05/21/middle-east-pisraeli-troops-kill-two-palestinian-militants-as-they-attempt-to-infiltrate-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-http-news-bbc.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
9. [Turkey's Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, describes Israel as the "main threat to peace" in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/04/7/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-describes-israel-as-the-main-threat-to-peace-in-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
10. [Middle East:Israel announces the construction of 112 new Jewish homes for the occupied West Bank territory despite the freeze on new settlements initiated in November 2009. ](/news/2010/03/8/middle-east-pisrael-announces-the-construction-of-112-new-jewish-homes-for-the-occupied-west-bank-territory-despite-the-freeze-on-new-settle.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
