### [2010-10-25](/news/2010/10/25/index.md)

# Liberal Democrat Deputy Leader Simon Hughes is threatening a backbench rebellion over proposed housing benefits cut, which might threaten the stability of the United Kingdom coalition government, of which the Liberal Democrats are a part of. 

Lib Dem deputy leader Simon Hughes threatens a backbench rebellion over planned cuts to housing benefit.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11616741)

### Related:

1. [In a confidential letter to Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg, the party's former leader of Liverpool City Council, Warren Bradley, urges Clegg to pull out of the coalition government before the Lib Dems "disappears into the annals of history". ](/news/2011/04/11/in-a-confidential-letter-to-liberal-democrat-leader-nick-clegg-the-party-s-former-leader-of-liverpool-city-council-warren-bradley-urges-c.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, government_
2. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
4. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
5. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:. Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
7. [Voters go to the polls in the Eastleigh by-election following the resignation of former UK Cabinet Minister Chris Huhne with Liberal Democrat candidate Mike Thornton retaining the seat for his party. ](/news/2013/02/28/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-eastleigh-by-election-following-the-resignation-of-former-uk-cabinet-minister-chris-huhne-with-liberal-democra.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
8. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
9. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
10. [In the British parliament Baroness Jenny Tonge resigns the Liberal Democrat party whip after accusations of making offensive remarks about Israel. ](/news/2012/02/29/in-the-british-parliament-baroness-jenny-tonge-resigns-the-liberal-democrat-party-whip-after-accusations-of-making-offensive-remarks-about-i.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
