### [2010-10-25](/news/2010/10/25/index.md)

# One person is killed and nine others injured after a plane carrying employees of BP Canada crashes in northeastern Alberta. The twin-engine King Air 100 was on its way from Edmonton City Centre Airport to Kirby Lake, southeast of Conklin. 

BP Canada employees aboard aircraft that went down near Conklin


### Source:

1. [Calgary Herald](http://www.calgaryherald.com/news/dead+nine+hurt+northern+Alberta+plane+crash+carrying+Canada+oilpatch/3724414/story.html)
2. [Canada](http://www.canada.com/news/dead+hurt+northern+Alberta+plane+crash/3723305/story.html)
3. [Edmonton Journal](http://www.edmontonjournal.com/news/dead+nine+hurt+northern+Alberta+plane+crash/3723180/story.html)
4. [Globe and mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/plane-carrying-oil-workers-crash-lands-in-northern-alberta-at-least-1-dead/article1772073/)
4. [Cover Image](http://beta.images.theglobeandmail.com/media/www/images/flag/gam-square.png)

### Related:

1. [In Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, near Commonwealth Stadium, a man drives into a police officer and then stabs the officer. The suspect fled the scene and was later arrested that night following a police pursuit, where four pedestrians were hit by the suspect in a rental truck. Police are investigating the incident as an act of terrorism. ](/news/2017/09/30/in-edmonton-alberta-canada-near-commonwealth-stadium-a-man-drives-into-a-police-officer-and-then-stabs-the-officer-the-suspect-fled-the.md) _Context: Alberta_
2. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta_
3. [Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-away-as-south-africa-continue.md) _Context: Alberta_
4. [The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseasonably-hot-temperatures-and-dr.md) _Context: Alberta_
5. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: Alberta_
6. [Alberta authorities update information about the fire. About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-firefighters-saved-25-000-others.md) _Context: Alberta_
7. [Twin brothers are killed and six others injured in a sledding accident on an Olympic bobsledding course at Canada Olympic Park in Calgary, Alberta. ](/news/2016/02/6/twin-brothers-are-killed-and-six-others-injured-in-a-sledding-accident-on-an-olympic-bobsledding-course-at-canada-olympic-park-in-calgary-a.md) _Context: Alberta_
8. [Tens of thousands of people are being evacuated from western Canada as firefighters continue to battle wildfires in Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-are-being-evacuated-from-western-canada-as-firefighters-continue-to-battle-wildfires-in-saskatchewan-alberta-an.md) _Context: Alberta_
9. [Wildfires continue to rage throughout the western Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/10/wildfires-continue-to-rage-throughout-the-western-canadian-provinces-of-saskatchewan-alberta-and-british-columbia.md) _Context: Alberta_
10. [Alberta general election, 2015: Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls with the New Democratic Party, led by Rachel Notley, winning a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly for the first time ever. The Progressive Conservative Party, which had ruled for more than 40 years, not only loses its majority, but also finishes behind the Wildrose Party. ](/news/2015/05/5/alberta-general-election-2015-voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-with-the-new-democratic-party-led-by-rachel-notl.md) _Context: Alberta_
