### [2010-10-25](/news/2010/10/25/index.md)

# U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts claims the government of Sudan{{spaced ndash}}which has been subject to U.S. sanctions since 1997{{spaced ndash}}has assured him it will hold a referendum on independence for the south. 

US Senator John Kerry says Sudan has assured him it will hold a referendum on independence for the south and is committed to the outcome.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-11616882)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-10/25/c_13573246.htm)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: John Kerry, Massachusetts, United States Senate_
2. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Senate_
3. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94a3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Senate_
4. [Massachusetts voters elect Republican Scott Brown to fill the vacant United States Senate seat previously held by Ted Kennedy. ](/news/2010/01/19/massachusetts-voters-elect-republican-scott-brown-to-fill-the-vacant-united-states-senate-seat-previously-held-by-ted-kennedy.md) _Context: Massachusetts, United States Senate_
5. [ Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts chooses former Democratic National Committee chairman Paul G. Kirk, Jr. to replace former Senator Teddy Kennedy on a temporary basis, until elections can be held to choose a permanent replacement to fill the remainder of Kennedy's term. ](/news/2009/09/24/governor-deval-patrick-of-massachusetts-chooses-former-democratic-national-committee-chairman-paul-g-kirk-jr-to-replace-former-senator-t.md) _Context: Massachusetts, United States Senate_
6. [ U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, the last surviving Kennedy brother, dies at age 77, after battling brain cancer. ](/news/2009/08/26/u-s-senator-ted-kennedy-of-massachusetts-the-last-surviving-kennedy-brother-dies-at-age-77-after-battling-brain-cancer.md) _Context: Massachusetts, United States Senate_
7. [ Andrew Meyer, a 21-year-old fourth-year undergraduate, is apprehended by five police officers and tasered while allegedly having interrupted a speech by U.S. Senator John Kerry.](/news/2007/09/17/andrew-meyer-a-21-year-old-fourth-year-undergraduate-is-apprehended-by-five-police-officers-and-tasered-while-allegedly-having-interrupte.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Senate_
8. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Senate_
9. [ US President George W. Bush and challenger Senator John Kerry meet at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, for the second of three U.S. presidential debates. ](/news/2004/10/8/us-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-senator-john-kerry-meet-at-washington-university-in-st-louis-missouri-for-the-second-of-three.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Senate_
10. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Fox News apologizes for an incident on Friday, October 1, in which it posted a story containing false quotes attributed to presidential candidate Senator John Kerry. Fox says the reporter who wrote the story, Carl Cameron, had written the article "in jest" and had not intended for it to be posted. ](/news/2004/10/2/u-s-presidential-election-2004-fox-news-apologizes-for-an-incident-on-friday-october-1-in-which-it-posted-a-story-containing-false-quo.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Senate_
