### [2011-07-16](/news/2011/07/16/index.md)

# News International phone hacking scandal:. British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. 

Rupert Murdoch takes out national press adverts to apologise for the phone hacking by the News of the World, as two of his most senior executives resign.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14170756)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14173150)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/phone-hacking/8642818/Phone-hacking-Sir-Paul-Stephenson-faces-questions-of-health-spa-stay.html)

### Related:

1. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: David Cameron, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, William Hague_
2. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others. Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, News International_
4. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [News International phone hacking scandal. The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal:. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [Victims of press intrusion launch an online campaign to urge British Prime Minister David Cameron to fully implement the recommendations of the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/11/30/victims-of-press-intrusion-launch-an-online-campaign-to-urge-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-fully-implement-the-recommendations-of.md) _Context: David Cameron, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [Andy Coulson, former director of communications for British Prime Minister David Cameron, is detained for questioning by police investigating claims of perjury. ](/news/2012/05/30/andy-coulson-former-director-of-communications-for-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-is-detained-for-questioning-by-police-investigatin.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
10. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
