### [2011-07-16](/news/2011/07/16/index.md)

# The funeral of Otto von Habsburg, final heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire, occurs in Vienna, attended by monarchs and members of the political elite; his corpse is to be buried in the Imperial Crypt. 

European royals and political leaders are among the mourners at the funeral of the last heir to the Austro-Hungarian Empire, Otto von Habsburg, in Vienna.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-14172091)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Vienna_
2. [Syrian peace process: Chief Syrian opposition negotiator of the High Negotiations Committee Mohammed Allush resigns over the failure of the UN-backed peace talks. Allush said that without any of the opposition demands met, peace talks were a "waste of time". In April, the HNC suspended talks with the Syrian government's delegation in Vienna. ](/news/2016/05/30/syrian-peace-process-chief-syrian-opposition-negotiator-of-the-high-negotiations-committee-mohammed-allush-resigns-over-the-failure-of-the.md) _Context: Vienna_
3. [Syrian Civil War peace process: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi.md) _Context: Vienna_
4. [Syria peace talks in Vienna: Syrian Civil War: Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-syrian-civil-war-representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution.md) _Context: Vienna_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Vienna_
6. [Negotiation of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran: A nuclear deal is reached in Vienna between Iran and P5+1. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action if signed by the entities involved, will cut off Iran's ability to produce a nuclear weapon whilst allowing for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, inspections, and the lifting of sanctions. ](/news/2015/07/14/negotiation-of-a-comprehensive-nuclear-agreement-with-iran-a-nuclear-deal-is-reached-in-vienna-between-iran-and-p5-1-this-joint-comprehens.md) _Context: Vienna_
7. [The final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 is held in Vienna, Austria with MCNYns Zelmerlow of Sweden winning for the song Heroes. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-final-of-the-eurovision-song-contest-2015-is-held-in-vienna-austria-with-macnyns-zelmerlapw-of-sweden-winning-for-the-song-heroes.md) _Context: Vienna_
8. [Scientists at Vienna's Institute of Molecular Biotechnology and Edinburgh University's Human Genetics Unit in Edinburgh, Scotland, clone a human mini-brain (a cerebral organoid), using stem cells; the first time brain tissue development has been replicated in three dimensions - which could help with schizophrenia and autism neurological research. ](/news/2013/08/29/scientists-at-vienna-s-institute-of-molecular-biotechnology-and-edinburgh-university-s-human-genetics-unit-in-edinburgh-scotland-clone-a-h.md) _Context: Vienna_
9. [NSA spying scandal: Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandal-bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: Vienna_
10. [Diversion of Bolivian president Evo Morales' flight:: The presidential jet of Bolivia is denied access to European airspace and forced to land in Vienna amid concerns that Edward Snowden is on board. ](/news/2013/07/3/diversion-of-bolivian-president-evo-morales-flight-the-presidential-jet-of-bolivia-is-denied-access-to-european-airspace-and-forced-to-la.md) _Context: Vienna_
