### [2011-07-16](/news/2011/07/16/index.md)

# Thousands of people are expected to demonstrate in Dublin against European Union / International Monetary Fund budget cuts. 

The Enough Campaign is organising the protest against the EU/IMF programme in Dublin today. 


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2011/0716/breaking2.html)
2. [The Journal](http://www.thejournal.ie/thousands-expected-for-anti-austerity-march-178637-Jul2011/)

### Related:

1. [Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. ](/news/2010/11/18/officials-from-the-international-monetary-fund-the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-union-arrive-in-dublin-to-discuss-the-irish-debt.md) _Context: Dublin, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
2. [Bank of America. Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Dublin, European Union_
3. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015. Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
6. [U.S. government surveillance programs (including PRISM):. European Union officials send a letter to U.S. attorney general Eric Holder with seven detailed questions requesting concrete explanations about the country's data snooping programs and how it affects EU citizens ahead of a meeting in Dublin this Friday. ](/news/2013/06/11/u-s-government-surveillance-programs-including-prism-european-union-officials-send-a-letter-to-u-s-attorney-general-eric-holder-with-s.md) _Context: Dublin, European Union_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
8. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:. Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europ.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
10. [A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/8/a-meeting-of-the-leaders-of-the-parties-comprising-the-greek-government-breaks-up-without-agreeing-to-cuts-prescribed-by-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
