### [2010-03-12](/news/2010/03/12/index.md)

# Irish authorities release three of the seven Muslims they detained over an alleged plot to murder Swedish cartoonist Lars Vilks. Vilks says he has not been put off the idea of visiting Ireland by the threat. 

Three people who were being questioned in relation to alleged plot against a Swedish cartoonist have now been released from custody.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8565610.stm)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/cartoonist-not-afraid--to-visit-us-despite-plot-2096875.html)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0312/waterford.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/00031580-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Seven people are arrested in Ireland &mdash; five in Waterford and two in Cork &mdash; over an alleged plot to assassinate Swedish artist Lars Vilks. ](/news/2010/03/9/seven-people-are-arrested-in-ireland-mdash-five-in-waterford-and-two-in-cork-mdash-over-an-alleged-plot-to-assassinate-swedish-artist-la.md) _Context: Lars Vilks, Republic of Ireland, Swedish_
2. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Swedish_
3. [Israel summons the ambassadors of Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Sweden and Turkey to protest the expedition as an unnecessary provocation after eight ships, including four cargo vessels and a Turkish passenger ferry carrying 600 people, including a Nobel peace laureate and former U.S. congresswoman, set sail for Gaza with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to break a three-year Israeli blockade on the territory. ](/news/2010/05/27/israel-summons-the-ambassadors-of-cyprus-greece-ireland-sweden-and-turkey-to-protest-the-expedition-as-an-unnecessary-provocation-after-e.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Swedish_
4. [Swedish artist Lars Vilks is headbutted and has his glasses broken by a man sitting in the front row while delivering a lecture about the limits of artistic freedom at Uppsala University, with police using pepper spray and batons on the crowd. ](/news/2010/05/11/swedish-artist-lars-vilks-is-headbutted-and-has-his-glasses-broken-by-a-man-sitting-in-the-front-row-while-delivering-a-lecture-about-the-li.md) _Context: Lars Vilks, Swedish_
5. [ Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. ](/news/2006/05/1/spain-portugal-finland-and-greece-join-the-united-kingdom-republic-of-ireland-and-sweden-in-allowing-workers-from-the-ten-countries-whic.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Swedish_
6. [About 600 members of the Swedish neo-Nazi group Nordic Resistance Movement march through Gothenburg, and 10,000 people hold a counter-demonstration. More than 50 people are arrested and several people are injured during the protests. ](/news/2017/09/30/about-600-members-of-the-swedish-neo-nazi-group-nordic-resistance-movement-march-through-gothenburg-and-10-000-people-hold-a-counter-demons.md) _Context: Swedish_
7. [The Republic of Ireland announces a referendum on abortion will be held between May and June 2018. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-republic-of-ireland-announces-a-referendum-on-abortion-will-be-held-between-may-and-june-2018.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
8. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: Swedish_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
