### [2010-03-12](/news/2010/03/12/index.md)

# Taoiseach Brian Cowen departs for the United States ahead of his Saint Patrick's Day engagements with President Barack Obama. 

The Taoiseach begins his visit to the US today, which culminates with a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House on St Patrick&#39;s Day.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/irish-press-president-barack-obama-planning-trip-emerald/story?id=10077245)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0312/stpatricksday.html)
3. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/ireland/2010/0312/1224266109070.html)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/03/12/AR2010031202211.html)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Obama, Saint Patrick's Day, Taoiseach, U.S. President, United States_
2. [ Saint Patrick's Day: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-p-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Obama, Saint Patrick's Day, Taoiseach, U.S. President, United States_
3. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny visits President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House for the annual Saint Patrick's Day festivities. Obama announces he is to visit Ireland in May and is excited at the prospect of visiting the home of his great, great, great, great, great, grandfather in Moneygall. ](/news/2011/03/17/taoiseach-enda-kenny-visits-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-for-the-annual-saint-patrick-s-day-festivities-o.md) _Context: Obama, Saint Patrick's Day, Taoiseach, U.S. President_
4. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
7. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang  would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
8. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
9. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
10. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: Obama, U.S. President, United States_
