### [2001-12-13](/news/2001/12/13/index.md)

#  Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin, Raja of Perlis becomes the 12th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia




### Related:

1. [ Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin becomes Raja of Perlis.](/news/2000/04/17/tuanku-syed-sirajuddin-becomes-raja-of-perlis.md) _Context: Perlis, Raja, Tuanku Syed Sirajuddin_
2. [Muhammad V becomes the new monarch of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/12/13/muhammad-v-becomes-the-new-monarch-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
3. [Thousands of people are evacuated in Perlis, northern Malaysia, due to flooding. ](/news/2011/03/31/thousands-of-people-are-evacuated-in-perlis-northern-malaysia-due-to-flooding.md) _Context: Malaysia, Perlis_
4. [ The Sultan of Terengganu, Sultan Mizan Zainal Abidin, is formally installed as the 13th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia. ](/news/2007/04/26/the-sultan-of-terengganu-sultan-mizan-zainal-abidin-is-formally-installed-as-the-13th-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
5. [ Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj, Sultan of Selangor and 11th Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia dies in office.](/news/2001/12/4/sultan-salahuddin-abdul-aziz-shah-ibni-almarhum-sultan-hisamuddin-alam-shah-al-haj-sultan-of-selangor-and-11th-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-ma.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
6. [ Tuanku Syed Putra ibni Almarhum Syed Hassan Jamalullail, Raja of Perlis dies after a reign of 55 years. He was the longest reigning monarch in the world since the death of Hirohito, Emperor of Japan.](/news/2000/04/16/tuanku-syed-putra-ibni-almarhum-syed-hassan-jamalullail-raja-of-perlis-dies-after-a-reign-of-55-years-he-was-the-longest-reigning-monarch.md) _Context: Perlis, Raja_
7. [ Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj, Sultan of Selangor becomes the eleventh Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia.](/news/1999/04/26/sultan-salahuddin-abdul-aziz-shah-ibni-almarhum-sultan-hisamuddin-alam-shah-al-haj-sultan-of-selangor-becomes-the-eleventh-yang-di-pertuan.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
8. [ End of term for Tuanku Jaafar ibni Almarhum Tuanku Abdul Rahman as the tenth Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia.](/news/1999/04/25/end-of-term-for-tuanku-jaafar-ibni-almarhum-tuanku-abdul-rahman-as-the-tenth-yang-di-pertuan-agong-of-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, monarch_
9. [A fire at an Islamic boarding school for boys kills 24 people, most of them students, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2017/09/14/a-fire-at-an-islamic-boarding-school-for-boys-kills-24-people-most-of-them-students-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
