### [2000-10-12](/news/2000/10/12/index.md)

# In Aden, Yemen, the Cole|DDG-67|6 is badly damaged by two suicide bombers who placed a small boat laden with explosives alongside the United States Navy destroyer, killing 17 crew members and wounding at least 39.




### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, suicide bomber_
2. [Arab Spring:: 2011-2012 Yemeni revolution: Yemeni Army commander General Salem Ali Qatan is killed in a suicide attack in the port city of Aden by a man wearing an explosives belt. ](/news/2012/06/18/arab-spring-2011-2012-yemeni-revolution-yemeni-army-commander-general-salem-ali-qatan-is-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-in-the-port-city-of.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, suicide bomber_
3. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): December 2016 Aden suicide bombings: An explosion outside a military camp in southern Yemen kills at least 49 people and injures many more. The explosion is believed to have been caused by a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest. ](/news/2016/12/18/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombings-an-explosion-outside-a-military-camp-in-southern-yemen-kills-at-leas.md) _Context: Yemen, suicide bomber_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): December 2016 Aden suicide bombing: A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-y.md) _Context: United States Navy, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-h.md) _Context: United States Navy, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sit.md) _Context: United States Navy, Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni Civil War: A suicide car bomb, that targeted the Central Security headquarters in the port city of Aden, Yemen, kills at least 26 people. Following the blast, militants stormed the compound and clashed with soldiers. No group immediately claimed responsibility but it is similar to an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant attack on the port of Al Mukalla. ](/news/2016/07/6/yemeni-civil-war-a-suicide-car-bomb-that-targeted-the-central-security-headquarters-in-the-port-city-of-aden-yemen-kills-at-least-26-peo.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
