### [2013-01-14](/news/2013/01/14/index.md)

# Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is released from The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, after more than seven weeks of treatment for bronchitis. 

Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush was released from a Houston hospital on Monday after more than seven weeks of treatment for bronchitis and related ailments, according to a statement issued by a family spokesman.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/14/us-usa-bush-release-idUSBRE90D0YN20130114)

### Related:

1. [Former U.S. President, 88-year-old George H. W. Bush, still receiving visitors, remains hospitalized (since 23 November) at The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, where he resides during the winter, with a receding bronchitis-like cough but with a now-rising and long-lasting fever, and has been put in intensive care on a liquids-only diet for unspecified reasons. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-u-s-president-88-year-old-george-h-w-bush-still-receiving-visitors-remains-hospitalized-since-23-november-at-the-methodist-ho.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, Houston, Texas, The Methodist Hospital, U.S. President, bronchitis_
2. [George H. W. Bush is admitted in stable condition to The Methodist Hospital of the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas. The 88-year-old served as the 41st President of the United States from 1989 till 1993 and was hospitalized due to a severe cough and bronchitis but is expected to be discharged within 72 hours. ](/news/2012/11/29/george-h-w-bush-is-admitted-in-stable-condition-to-the-methodist-hospital-of-the-texas-medical-center-in-houston-texas-the-88-year-old-s.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, Houston, Texas, The Methodist Hospital, bronchitis_
3. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
4. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
5. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
6. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham, west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
7. [Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election. Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote. King conceded defeat and encouraged Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election. ](/news/2015/12/13/veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston-s-runoff-mayoral-election-turne.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
8. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
9. [Six construction workers, injured when scaffolding at an unfinished building collapsed in Houston, Texas (US), are rushed to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. Firefighters continue to sift through the debris for other potential victims. ](/news/2015/10/16/six-construction-workers-injured-when-scaffolding-at-an-unfinished-building-collapsed-in-houston-texas-us-are-rushed-to-area-hospitals.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
10. [Two students die and three others are injured after a school bus is struck by another vehicle and swerves off an Interstate 610 overpass in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2015/09/15/two-students-die-and-three-others-are-injured-after-a-school-bus-is-struck-by-another-vehicle-and-swerves-off-an-interstate-610-overpass-in.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
