### [2016-09-6](/news/2016/09/6/index.md)

# Gunfire is heard in the Afghan capital Kabul with security forces looking for attackers with at least one person killed and six injured. 

KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Militants stormed a building housing an international aid organization in Kabul, provoking an overnight firefight with security forces in which three gunmen and one civilian were killed, Afghan…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/730cf6d989da45279d7d7e5db142fcea/twin-bombings-near-afghanistans-defense-ministry-kill-5)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-37283543)

### Related:

1. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [A suicide bomber kills at least five people and wounds ten more near government offices in Kabul. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/12/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-five-people-and-wounds-ten-more-near-government-offices-in-kabul-isil-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [A suicide bomber and unidentified gunmen dressed as doctors attack a military hospital in Kabul, killing at least 38 people and wounding dozens more. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/03/8/a-suicide-bomber-and-unidentified-gunmen-dressed-as-doctors-attack-a-military-hospital-in-kabul-killing-at-least-38-people-and-wounding-doz.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after-a-year-long-battle-with-afghan-secur.md) _Context: Afghanistan, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [At least one person is killed and another eight are wounded after a suicide bomber attacks a bus carrying government employees in Kabul. ](/news/2017/03/13/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-another-eight-are-wounded-after-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-bus-carrying-government-employees-in-kabul.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
