### [2016-09-6](/news/2016/09/6/index.md)

# Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte declares a state of emergency in the whole country. In a warning to Abu Sayyaf, Duterte says "I will eat you alive." 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/145346-proclamation-state-national-emergency-lawless-violence-released)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4481495/philippines-duterte-abu-sayyaf-terrorist-eat-alive/)

### Related:

1. [An explosion at a night market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 14 people and injures 60. President of the Philippines and former Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte was in the city at the time. Abu Sayyaf have claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/09/2/an-explosion-at-a-night-market-in-davao-city-philippines-kills-at-least-14-people-and-injures-60-president-of-the-philippines-and-former.md) _Context: 2016 Davao City bombing, Abu Sayyaf, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [The President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte declares a nationwide "state of lawlessness" after yesterday's bombing in Davao City that has killed at least 14 people. ](/news/2016/09/3/the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-declares-a-nationwide-state-of-lawlessness-after-yesterday-s-bombing-in-davao-city-that-h.md) _Context: 2016 Davao City bombing, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte  unintentionally reveals that a US$1 million ransom was given to the Abu Sayyaf terror group in exchange for a Norwegian hostage. ](/news/2016/08/26/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-unintentionally-reveals-that-a-us-1-million-ransom-was-given-to-the-abu-sayyaf-terror-group-in-exchang.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte is planning to seek the approval of the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis) until the end of 2017. According to the 1987 revision of the Constitution, under Section 18 of Article VII, any martial law proclamation should not exceed a period of 60 days (Proclamation No. 216 officially ends on 22 July); and upon the initiative of the President, Congress (voting jointly, by a vote of at least a majority of all its Members in regular or special session) may extend the proclamation for a period to be determined by Congress, if the current situation still persists and public safety requires it. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-is-planning-to-seek-the-approval-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-government-s-military.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The Philippine military announces that it has discovered the bodies of 16 people, believed to have been killed by the ISIL affiliated Abu Sayyaf. Authorities say that the death toll after six days of fighting is 95, including 19 civilians. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-philippine-military-announces-that-it-has-discovered-the-bodies-of-16-people-believed-to-have-been-killed-by-the-isil-affiliated-abu-sa.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf_
10. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
