### [2016-09-6](/news/2016/09/6/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Gunfire is heard in the Afghan capital Kabul with security forces looking for attackers with at least one person killed and six injured. 

KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Militants stormed a building housing an international aid organization in Kabul, provoking an overnight firefight with security forces in which three gunmen and one civilian were killed, Afghan…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/730cf6d989da45279d7d7e5db142fcea/twin-bombings-near-afghanistans-defense-ministry-kill-5)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-37283543)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanis.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Five anti-government/anti-Taliban protestors are shot dead by police in Kabul, Afghanistan, after demanding that the government step down in the wake of the May 2017 Kabul attack. ](/news/2017/06/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-five-anti-government-anti-taliban-protestors-are-shot-dead-by-police-in-kabul-afghanistan-after-deman.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): May 2017 Kabul attack: A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-may-2017-kabul-attack-a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-kille.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
