### [2003-12-6](/news/2003/12/6/index.md)

#  Australian Democrats leader Andrew Bartlett stands aside after allegedly assaulting Liberal Jeannie Ferris on the floor of Parliament. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/s1005103.htm]




### Related:

1. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Australia, Liberal Party_
2. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Liberal Party, Parliament_
3. [ Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissolv.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
4. [Australia raises security for its Parliament after conducting raids that arrest dozens of suspected terrorists. ](/news/2014/09/19/australia-raises-security-for-its-parliament-after-conducting-raids-that-arrest-dozens-of-suspected-terrorists.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
5. [Voters in the Australian states of Tasmania and South Australia go to the polls for state elections. The Liberal Party led by Will Hodgman have won government in the Tasmanian election while the South Australian election is too close to call. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-in-the-australian-states-of-tasmania-and-south-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-state-elections-the-liberal-party-led-by-will-hodgman-h.md) _Context: Australia, Liberal Party_
6. [Voters in Australia go to the polls for a federal election with the Liberal-National Coalition Opposition led by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott winning government. ](/news/2013/09/7/voters-in-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-the-liberal-national-coalition-opposition-led-by-opposition-leader-tony-abbo.md) _Context: Australia, Liberal Party_
7. [ The Government of Australia announces that it will apologize to the "stolen generation" of indigenous Australians in the Parliament of Australia on February 13. ](/news/2008/01/30/the-government-of-australia-announces-that-it-will-apologize-to-the-stolen-generation-of-indigenous-australians-in-the-parliament-of-aust.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
8. [ The Parliament of Australia passes the "Northern Territory Indigenous Bill" making changes to the Australian welfare system and land rights. ](/news/2007/08/17/the-parliament-of-australia-passes-the-northern-territory-indigenous-bill-making-changes-to-the-australian-welfare-system-and-land-rights.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
9. [ The Cole Inquiry delivers its report to the Australian Government to be tabled in the Parliament of Australia on Monday. It was inquiring whether Australian companies notably AWB Limited paid bribes to the Government of Saddam Hussein in order to sell wheat to Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-cole-inquiry-delivers-its-report-to-the-australian-government-to-be-tabled-in-the-parliament-of-australia-on-monday-it-was-inquiring-w.md) _Context: Australia, Parliament_
10. [ Australian Liberal MP David Tollner urges people to kill poisonous cane toads with cricket bats and golf clubs. The toads have become a nuisance in the Northern Territory. Animal rights groups prefer freezing them to death. ](/news/2005/04/11/australian-liberal-mp-david-tollner-urges-people-to-kill-poisonous-cane-toads-with-cricket-bats-and-golf-clubs-the-toads-have-become-a-nui.md) _Context: Australia, Liberal Party_
