### [2003-12-6](/news/2003/12/6/index.md)

#  George W. Bush asks James Baker to oversee the reconstruction of Iraq's USD $125 billion foreign debt. 




### Related:

1. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-delivery.md) _Context: USD_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
3. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
5. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
6. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [China Three Gorges Corp. wins a bid for its 21% stake in EDP-Energias de Portugal SA with an offer of EUR2.69 billion ($3.51 billion), in the first of a series of sales of state-owned assets under Portugal's austerity program. This is the first time a mainland Chinese firm has acquired a significant stake in a southern European company. ](/news/2011/12/23/china-three-gorges-corp-wins-a-bid-for-its-21-stake-in-edp-energias-de-portugal-sa-with-an-offer-of-a-2-69-billion-3-51-billion-in-th.md) _Context: USD_
8. [Oil prices hit a four-month low, with oil now at USD $93 per barrel. ](/news/2011/06/18/oil-prices-hit-a-four-month-low-with-oil-now-at-usd-93-per-barrel.md) _Context: USD_
9. [An internal Chinese government report, mistakenly made public, shows that more than ten thousand corrupt officials transferred US$123 billion worth of embezzled funds out of the country over 15 years. ](/news/2011/06/17/an-internal-chinese-government-report-mistakenly-made-public-shows-that-more-than-ten-thousand-corrupt-officials-transferred-us-123-billio.md) _Context: USD_
10. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
