### [2003-12-6](/news/2003/12/6/index.md)

#  Zimbabwe fails to find supporters at the Commonwealth Prime Minister's Conference in Nigeria. [http://news.ft.com/servlet/ContentServer?pagename=FT.com/StoryFT/FullStory&c=StoryFT&cid=1069493769766&p=1012571727169]




### Related:

1. [ Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe announces that he is withdrawing his country from the Commonwealth of Nations. The Commonwealth had earlier decided to maintain Zimbabwe's suspension until human rights and democratic reforms had taken place. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=417200&section=news]](/news/2003/12/7/zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-announces-that-he-is-withdrawing-his-country-from-the-commonwealth-of-nations-the-commonwealth-had-earl.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Zimbabwe_
2. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) is opened in Abuja, Nigeria, by Queen Elizabeth II. The future of Zimbabwe's membership is threatening to dominate the gathering. The debate has been marked by bitter personal polemics between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard, whom Mugabe accuses of leading an "Anglo-Saxon conspiracy" against Zimbabwe. Mugabe himself is barred from entering the European Union. Zimbabwe was suspended from the Commonwealth last year on charges that Mugabe had rigged his re-election in 2002. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/politics/story.jsp?story=470202][http://news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,8088518%5E401,00.html]](/news/2003/12/5/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-chogm-is-opened-in-abuja-nigeria-by-queen-elizabeth-ii-the-future-of-zimbabwe-s-membership.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Zimbabwe_
3. [Since December, flooding in Zimbabwe has killed 246 people and nearly 2,000 more have been left homeless, according to officials. ](/news/2017/03/3/since-december-flooding-in-zimbabwe-has-killed-246-people-and-nearly-2-000-more-have-been-left-homeless-according-to-officials.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
4. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
5. [A Zimbabwe high court judge drops charges against Theo Bronkhorst, the professional hunter who led the expedition that resulted in the death of the lion named Cecil, because the prosecutor's filing was not properly constituted, and  was "too vague to enable (the defendant) to mount a proper defense." ](/news/2016/11/12/a-zimbabwe-high-court-judge-drops-charges-against-theo-bronkhorst-the-professional-hunter-who-led-the-expedition-that-resulted-in-the-death.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
6. [The Maldives leaves the Commonwealth of Nations after 34 years, claiming that it has been "unfairly and unjustly" treated by the intergovernmental organization. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-maldives-leaves-the-commonwealth-of-nations-after-34-years-claiming-that-it-has-been-unfairly-and-unjustly-treated-by-the-intergovern.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
7. [The High Court of Zimbabwe overturns bans on protests in Harare. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-high-court-of-zimbabwe-overturns-bans-on-protests-in-harare.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
8. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
9. [Zimbabwean authorities arrest dozens of protesters as anti-government protests spread across the country. ](/news/2016/07/7/zimbabwean-authorities-arrest-dozens-of-protesters-as-anti-government-protests-spread-across-the-country.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
10. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Zimbabwe_
