### [2011-07-19](/news/2011/07/19/index.md)

# A 6.1 magnitude earthquake strikes in southern Kyrgyzstan, near the border with Uzbekistan. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jgsH7L6hzL_qFQa_0gYZ054zdkiw?docId=c0488f2ac1464e18bd252ad1b0167863)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded-238-others-were-russian-uzbek.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
2. [2010 Kyrgyzstani uprising:Two people are killed and a state of emergency is declared in the city of Jalal-Abad, Kyrgyzstan after protesters attempted to storm an Uzbek university. ](/news/2010/05/19/2010-kyrgyzstani-uprising-ptwo-people-are-killed-and-a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-the-city-of-jalal-abad-kyrgyzstan-after-protesters.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
3. [ Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan agree to form a rapid reaction force based in the Federation. ](/news/2009/02/5/russia-belarus-armenia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan-tajikistan-and-uzbekistan-agree-to-form-a-rapid-reaction-force-based-in-the-federation.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
4. [ The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation of Central Asian countries comprising the People's Republic of China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan meets in the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek to discuss security issues. ](/news/2007/08/14/the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-of-central-asian-countries-comprising-the-people-s-republic-of-china-russia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
5. [ Uzbekistan nearly doubles the price of natural gas it sells to Kyrgyzstan from USD $55 to $100 (51) per 1,000 cubic meters of gas amid growing tension between the two nations over alleged spying. ](/news/2006/12/18/uzbekistan-nearly-doubles-the-price-of-natural-gas-it-sells-to-kyrgyzstan-from-usd-55-to-100-ps51-per-1-000-cubic-meters-of-gas-amid-gro.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
6. [ In Kyrgyzstan, about 400 Vamshi Uzbek refugees who fled from Uzbekistan after crushing of an uprising last May will be moved to Romania ](/news/2005/07/27/in-kyrgyzstan-about-400-vamshi-uzbek-refugees-who-fled-from-uzbekistan-after-crushing-of-an-uprising-last-may-will-be-moved-to-romania.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
7. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: The Uzbek government says they will allow foreign diplomats to visit Andijan. Survivors from Andijan who have crossed the border to Kyrgyzstan say that government troops opened fire without warning and that they were shelled in the Kyrgyzstan border crossing. Opposition believes that as many as 745 may be dead. Official government death toll is 169. Government officials still deny that soldiers killed civilians ](/news/2005/05/17/unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-uzbek-government-says-they-will-allow-foreign-diplomats-to-visit-andijan-survivors-from-andijan-who-have-crossed.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
8. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group ''Appeal'', says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. ](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan_
9. [At least 24 people are killed by a landslide in the small village of Ayu in southern Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-24-people-are-killed-by-a-landslide-in-the-small-village-of-ayu-in-southern-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan_
10. [A Turkish Airlines cargo jet crashes near Kyrgyzstan's Manas International Airport resulting in the deaths of at least 38 people. ](/news/2017/01/16/a-turkish-airlines-cargo-jet-crashes-near-kyrgyzstan-s-manas-international-airport-resulting-in-the-deaths-of-at-least-38-people.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan_
