### [2011-07-19](/news/2011/07/19/index.md)

# ASEAN foreign ministers get together for their annual summit on the island of Bali in Indonesia with concerns over territorial claims on the South China Sea. 

Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono urges Asian nations to agree on a code of conduct for disputes in the South China Sea, as a regional summit in Bali gets under way.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/asean-ministers-arrive-for-bali-talks-20110719-1hmn6.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-14195994)

### Related:

1. [ASEAN nations and China fail to agree on a code of conduct designed to ease tensions over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2012/07/11/asean-nations-and-china-fail-to-agree-on-a-code-of-conduct-designed-to-ease-tensions-over-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: ASEAN, South China Sea, war_
2. [Kim Sung-hwan, the South Korean Minister for Foreign Affairs, meets with Pak Ui-chun, his North Korean counterpart, on the sidelines of an ASEAN meeting in Bali, Indonesia. ](/news/2011/07/23/kim-sung-hwan-the-south-korean-minister-for-foreign-affairs-meets-with-pak-ui-chun-his-north-korean-counterpart-on-the-sidelines-of-an-a.md) _Context: ASEAN, Bali, Indonesia_
3. [An explosion on a tourist speed boat kills two people and injures 20 others shortly after departing from the Indonesian port of Padangbai in Karangasem, Bali. ](/news/2016/09/15/an-explosion-on-a-tourist-speed-boat-kills-two-people-and-injures-20-others-shortly-after-departing-from-the-indonesian-port-of-padangbai-in.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, ''Philippines v. China''Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-pvietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gat.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
6. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
7. [The U.S. military is in discussions  with Australian officials about the possibility of basing long-range bombers,  whose striking distance would include the South China Sea, in Australia. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-u-s-military-is-in-discussions-with-australian-officials-about-the-possibility-of-basing-long-range-bombers-whose-striking-distance.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
8. [Five people, including an 18-month-old baby,  are missing from an Indonesian ferryboat traveling from Bali to East Java that sank in the Bali Strait; 76 people have been rescued. ](/news/2016/03/4/five-people-including-an-18-month-old-baby-are-missing-from-an-indonesian-ferryboat-traveling-from-bali-to-east-java-that-sank-in-the-bal.md) _Context: Bali, Indonesia_
9. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
10. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: ASEAN, Indonesia_
