### [2011-07-19](/news/2011/07/19/index.md)

# News Corporation affairNews Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. 

Rupert Murdoch, unfazed by a foam pie attack in the British parliament, made a &quot;humble&quot; apology on Tuesday for crimes that have rocked his media empire and the government but refused to resign, saying the fault lay with staff who &quot;betrayed&quot; him.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-14195259)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-14209990)
3. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/entertainmentnewsbuzz/2011/07/murdochs-struggle-to-defend-themselves-before-parliament.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/19/us-newscorp-idUSTRE76H07P20110719?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FtopNews+%28News+%2F+US+%2F+Top+News%29)

### Related:

1. [News of the World phone hacking scandal:News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, his son James, and News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks all agree to appear before British MPs next week to answer questions on the News of the World phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/14/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-scandal-pnews-corporation-chairman-rupert-murdoch-his-son-james-and-news-international-chief-executive-reb.md) _Context: James Murdoch, News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking affair_
2. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News Corporation, News of the World, Rupert Murdoch, phone hacking affair_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News Corporation, News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
4. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the ''The Sun on Sunday'' to replace the ''News of the World'', which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News Corporation, News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [Leveson Inquiry:Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-pformer-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-ch.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
6. [The News Corporation board expresses its "full confidence" in Rupert Murdoch following a UK government media committee's conclusion yesterday that Murdoch is "not a fit person" to run a major international business. ](/news/2012/05/2/the-news-corporation-board-expresses-its-full-confidence-in-rupert-murdoch-following-a-uk-government-media-committee-s-conclusion-yesterda.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [News Corporation scandal:Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/news-corporation-scandal-ptony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-ex.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the ''News of the World'', but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-k.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of 600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct ''News of the World''. ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-ps600-000-us-950-000-with-rupe.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
