### [2011-07-19](/news/2011/07/19/index.md)

# Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial and Guam Governor Eddie Calvo state that they are in serious talks to potentially merge the U.S. territories of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. 




### Source:

1. [Saipan Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/newsstory.aspx?newsID=111145&cat=1)

### Related:

1. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: Eddie Calvo, Guam_
2. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-h.md) _Context: Guam, Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial is impeached by the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives on 13 charges of felony, corruption, and neglect of duty. ](/news/2013/02/11/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-is-impeached-by-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-representatives-on-13-charges.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
5. [A resolution of impeachment against Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial is defeated in the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives with 9 votes in favor of impeachment, 10 against; 14 were required. ](/news/2012/10/17/a-resolution-of-impeachment-against-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-is-defeated-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-re.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [Following a recount, Republican Eddie Calvo is certified as the winner of the 2010 gubernatorial election in Guam by 487 votes over Democrat Carl Gutierrez. ](/news/2010/11/6/following-a-recount-republican-eddie-calvo-is-certified-as-the-winner-of-the-2010-gubernatorial-election-in-guam-by-487-votes-over-democrat.md) _Context: Eddie Calvo, Guam_
7. [An undersea volcano erupts near Sarigan, Northern Mariana Islands, sending an eruption cloud 40,000 feet into the atmosphere, prompting Governor Benigno Fitial to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2010/05/31/an-undersea-volcano-erupts-near-sarigan-northern-mariana-islands-sending-an-eruption-cloud-40-000-feet-into-the-atmosphere-prompting-gove.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
8. [Guam Governor Felix Perez Camacho issues an executive order changing the name of "Guam" to "Guahan" in government documents and signage and calls for unification with the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2010/02/17/guam-governor-felix-perez-camacho-issues-an-executive-order-changing-the-name-of-guam-to-guahan-in-government-documents-and-signage-and.md) _Context: Guam, Northern Mariana Islands_
9. [ Incumbent Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party is declared the winner of the 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff over Republican Rep. Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/12/7/incumbent-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-of-the-covenant-party-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-2009-gubernatorial-election.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
10. [ Northern Mariana Islands gubernatorial election, 2009: The Northern Mariana Islands election commission sets November 23 as the guberntorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/11/9/northern-mariana-islands-gubernatorial-election-2009-the-northern-mariana-islands-election-commission-sets-november-23-as-the-guberntoria.md) _Context: Benigno Fitial, Northern Mariana Islands_
