### [2011-07-19](/news/2011/07/19/index.md)

# Sixteen alleged members of the computer hacking group Anonymous are arrested in FBI raids across several states in the US. 

Fourteen people have been arrested as part of an ongoing operation targeting the notorious hacking collective known as Anonymous, the U.S. Department of Justice and the FBI said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/07/19/new.york.anonymous.warrants/index.html)
2. [US Department of Justice](http://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2011/July/11-opa-944.html)

### Related:

1. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests suspected members of the computer hacking groups LulzSec and Anonymous in the US cities of Phoenix, Arizona and San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/09/22/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-suspected-members-of-the-computer-hacking-groups-lulzsec-and-anonymous-in-the-us-cities-of-phoen.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous, hackers_
2. [The TechCrunch web publication reports that the Anonymous computer hacking group has declared war on the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, in supposed retaliation for the arrest of members of Food Not Bombs. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-techcrunch-web-publication-reports-that-the-anonymous-computer-hacking-group-has-declared-war-on-the-u-s-city-of-orlando-florida-in-s.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous, hackers_
3. [Web sites associated with the Government of Malaysia are hacked according to a deadline set by the Anonymous group. ](/news/2011/06/16/web-sites-associated-with-the-government-of-malaysia-are-hacked-according-to-a-deadline-set-by-the-anonymous-group.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous, hackers_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: hackers_
5. [Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: The hacker group Anonymous follows through on its threat and releases candidate Donald Trump's personal information (unverified) including his Social Security number, his phone numbers, his agent and his legal representatives. ](/news/2016/03/17/republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-the-hacker-group-anonymous-follows-through-on-its-threat-and-releases-candidate-donald-trump.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
6. [Bangladesh Bank money laundering case: Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers installed malware in the bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladesh-bank-money-laundering-case-bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-la.md) _Context: hackers_
7. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-numb.md) _Context: hackers_
9. [Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. -We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down,- it said. -After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure,- the group added. ](/news/2015/12/23/hacktivist-collective-anonymous-declares-a-cyber-war-on-turkey-and-claims-responsibility-for-the-major-week-long-cyber-attack-between-14-an.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
10. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
