### [2011-07-19](/news/2011/07/19/index.md)

# Voters in the 30th Senate district in the US state of Wisconsin go to the polls for the first recall election for Democrat Dave Hansen. 

The balloting in the Green Bay area will be a first definitive outcome in the series of elections that may be a gauge of public sentiment about the Republicans’ agenda.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/07/19/us/19wisconsin.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: Democratic, Wisconsin_
2. [Voters in some parts of the US state of Wisconsin go to the polls for recall elections for six Republican Party State Senators with Republicans retaining four of the six seats and their majority in the chamber. ](/news/2011/08/9/voters-in-some-parts-of-the-us-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-recall-elections-for-six-republican-party-state-senators-with-republic.md) _Context: Wisconsin, recall elections_
3. [2011 Wisconsin budget protests. Republicans in the Wisconsin Senate vote to remove collective bargaining rights from state employees separate from the budget to end the impasse over the state budget with no Democrat Senators present. ](/news/2011/03/9/2011-wisconsin-budget-protests-republicans-in-the-wisconsin-senate-vote-to-remove-collective-bargaining-rights-from-state-employees-separat.md) _Context: Democratic, Senate_
4. [2011 Wisconsin budget protests. The Wisconsin Senate orders the arrest of 14 Democrat members who have been absent as part of the protests. ](/news/2011/03/3/2011-wisconsin-budget-protests-the-wisconsin-senate-orders-the-arrest-of-14-democrat-members-who-have-been-absent-as-part-of-the-protests.md) _Context: Democratic, Senate_
5. [The Wisconsin Senate votes to fine missing Democrats $100 a day for their absence during the 2011 Wisconsin protests. ](/news/2011/03/2/the-wisconsin-senate-votes-to-fine-missing-democrats-100-a-day-for-their-absence-during-the-2011-wisconsin-protests.md) _Context: Democratic, Senate_
6. [The U.S. state of Wisconsin has demonstrations in the tens of thousands against a bill forcing public service workers to pay increased pension costs, increased healthcare coverage as well as stripping them of almost all union rights. Senators yesterday fled the state to Illinois. ](/news/2011/02/18/the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-has-demonstrations-in-the-tens-of-thousands-against-a-bill-forcing-public-service-workers-to-pay-increased-pensi.md) _Context: Senate, Wisconsin_
7. [Twenty-one-term U.S. Rep. Dave Obey, a Wisconsin Democrat and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, announces he will not run for re-election in November. ](/news/2010/05/5/twenty-one-term-u-s-rep-dave-obey-a-wisconsin-democrat-and-chairman-of-the-house-appropriations-committee-announces-he-will-not-run-for.md) _Context: Democratic, Wisconsin_
8. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Democratic_
