### [2015-05-3](/news/2015/05/3/index.md)

# Curtis Culwell Center attack: Two gunmen attacked the Curtis Culwell Center in the US city of Garland, Texas, which is holding an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad. Both gunman were shot dead by police. Their car was found to contain no explosives. One security guard was hospitalized and is expected to recover. The attacks were reminiscent of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris in January 2015. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. 

Two suspects opened fire outside the Curtis Culwell Center during a Muhammad art exhibit in Garland.


### Source:

1. [CBS Dallas Fort Worth](http://dfw.cbslocal.com/2015/05/03/breaking-shooting-in-garland/)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/05/04/us/garland-mohammed-drawing-contest-shooting/)

### Related:

1. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: ISIS claims responsibility for the attack on an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad in the American city of Garland, Texas. One of the suspects was previously interrogated and surveilled by the FBI having visited Somalia, and both suspects praised ISIS in social media. ](/news/2015/05/5/curtis-culwell-center-attack-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-on-an-exhibition-of-drawings-of-the-prophet-muhammad-in-the-american.md) _Context: Curtis Culwell Center attack, Garland, Texas, Muhammad_
2. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. ](/news/2015/05/4/curtis-culwell-center-attack-one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibi.md) _Context: Curtis Culwell Center attack, Garland, Texas, ISIL_
3. [Battle of Mosul: The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: ISIL_
4. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: ISIL_
5. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers: One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: The Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army captures Al-Bab from ISIL after months of fighting. ](/news/2017/02/24/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-the-turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-captures-al-bab-from-isil-after-months-of-fighting.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The ISIL-affiliated Syrian opposition group Jaysh Khaled bin Waleed overwhelms Tahrir al-Sham and Southern Front militants, capturing the towns of Tasil and Saham al-Jawlan, along with two other villages and a hill in Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/20/syrian-civil-war-the-isil-affiliated-syrian-opposition-group-jaysh-khaled-bin-waleed-overwhelms-tahrir-al-sham-and-southern-front-militants.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [Iraq-United States relations: The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/iraq-united-states-relations-the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: ISIL_
9. [War in Afghanistan: November 2016 Kabul suicide bombing: At least 32 people are killed and another 80 injured in a suicide bombing at a Kabul Shia mosque. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/21/war-in-afghanistan-november-2016-kabul-suicide-bombing-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-another-80-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-kabu.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Ghor Province Governor's spokesman claims ISIL insurgents killed 26-42 civilians in his governed province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/10/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-ghor-province-governor-s-spokesman-claims-isil-insurgents-killed-26-42-civilians-in-his-governed-provin.md) _Context: ISIL_
