### [2015-05-3](/news/2015/05/3/index.md)

# Retired neurosurgeon  Ben Carson tells a Florida television station that he would run for the Republican Party nomination with a formal announcement to be made in the city of Detroit, Michigan, where he grew up. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2015/05/03/ben-carson-president-republican-announcement/26633041/)

### Related:

1. [Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). ](/news/2016/03/4/ben-carson-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-the-expected-announcement-was-made-during-a-speech-at-the-2016-conserv.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Detroit, Republican_
3. [Florida Senator Marco Rubio announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/13/florida-senator-marco-rubio-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nomination-in-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Florida, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Republican_
5. [Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous".  ](/news/2016/12/11/republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-calling-t.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-from-entering-the-philippines-after-trump-co.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
