### [2015-05-3](/news/2015/05/3/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015): Yemen officials say that at least 20 members of the Arab coalition have landed in Aden on a 'reconnaissance' mission. 




### Source:

1. [AP via UT San Diego](http://www.utsandiego.com/news/2015/may/03/yemen-officials-say-at-least-20-arab-coalition/)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led military intervention in Yemen (2015-present): Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-led-military-intervention-in-yemen-2015-present-roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): December 2016 Aden suicide bombing: A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Civil War: A suicide car bomb, that targeted the Central Security headquarters in the port city of Aden, Yemen, kills at least 26 people. Following the blast, militants stormed the compound and clashed with soldiers. No group immediately claimed responsibility but it is similar to an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant attack on the port of Al Mukalla. ](/news/2016/07/6/yemeni-civil-war-a-suicide-car-bomb-that-targeted-the-central-security-headquarters-in-the-port-city-of-aden-yemen-kills-at-least-26-peo.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
8. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present): At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): 2016 Aden car bombing: At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-2016-aden-car-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A United Arab Emirates Air Force fighter jet crashes in a mountainous area near the southern Yemeni city of Aden, killing both pilots. ](/news/2016/03/14/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-united-arab-emirates-air-force-fighter-jet-crashes-in-a-mountainous-area-near-the-southern-yemeni.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
