### [2015-04-18](/news/2015/04/18/index.md)

# An Iranian Naval convoy is headed towards Yemen to potentially resupply Shia Houthi rebels. 

U.S. officials are concerned about a confrontation with Saudi Arabia.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Maktoob Yahoo!](https://en-maktoob.news.yahoo.com/least-27-dead-fighting-yemens-taez-084813389.html)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/04/18/uk-yemen-security-iran-idUKKBN0N90S020150418)
3. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/defense/239295-us-officials-concerned-about-iranian-convoy-headed-towards-yemen)

### Related:

1. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
5. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Rockets fired by Houthi forces reportedly kill 14 people in city of Taiz, southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/10/21/rockets-fired-by-houthi-forces-reportedly-kill-14-people-in-city-of-taiz-southwestern-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with-tanks-and-heavy-equipment-to-the-strategic-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-which-has.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Armed tribesmen kill 18 Houthi fighters in an ambush in Yemen's Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/06/2/armed-tribesmen-kill-18-houthi-fighters-in-an-ambush-in-yemen-s-ibb-governorate.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [The United Nations Security Council votes to impose sanctions on Yemen's Houthi rebels. ](/news/2015/04/14/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-to-impose-sanctions-on-yemen-s-houthi-rebels.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
