### [2015-04-18](/news/2015/04/18/index.md)

# Hundreds of people are feared dead after a boat carrying people from Libya to Italy capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea. Twenty-eight people have been rescued. 

Updated Monday morning with survivor&#039;s comments Prime Minister Joseph Muscat is to hold urgent talks with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi today following the latest tragedy in the Mediterranean which left hundreds of migrants dead. Reports indicated that a large fishing boat was carrying...


### Source:

1. [Times of Malta](http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20150419/local/new-migrants-emergency-28-rescued-many-corpses-found-as-boat-with-700.564511)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. Italy rescues thousands of refugees in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2015/09/19/european-migrant-crisis-italy-rescues-thousands-of-refugees-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Italian, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
2. [2015 Libya migrant shipwreck. Up to 400 people may have died as a boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea between Libya and Italy with up to 550 passengers on board. ](/news/2015/04/14/2015-libya-migrant-shipwreck-up-to-400-people-may-have-died-as-a-boat-capsizes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-between-libya-and-italy-with-up-to.md) _Context: Italian, Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
3. [European migrant crisis. The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
4. [European migrant crisis. An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
5. [European migrant crisis. More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
6. [European migrant crisis. Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/european-migrant-crisis-around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18.md) _Context: Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
7. [European migrant crisis. The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. ](/news/2016/08/28/european-migrant-crisis-the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-no.md) _Context: Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
8. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
9. [European migrant crisis. Bodies of 117 people, including 75 women, 36 men and six children, are recovered from a beach near Zuwarah, Libya, possibly from yesterday's capsize in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2016/06/3/european-migrant-crisis-bodies-of-117-people-including-75-women-36-men-and-six-children-are-recovered-from-a-beach-near-zuwarah-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Mediterranean Sea_
10. [European migration crisis. Italy's Coast Guard picks up 1,230 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea. More than 4,000 people have been saved at sea in the past week. ](/news/2016/06/12/european-migration-crisis-italy-s-coast-guard-picks-up-1-230-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-more-than-4-000-people-have-been-saved-at-s.md) _Context: Italian, Mediterranean Sea_
