### [2011-10-13](/news/2011/10/13/index.md)

# The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, gives an address to a joint session of the United States Congress, emphasizing the importance of a recently-concluded free trade deal between South Korea and the United States, and expounding the need to improve relations with North Korea. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/10/14/0200000000AEN20111014001600315.HTML)

### Related:

1. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, commences the first official visit by a South Korean leader to Myanmar since 1983, when North Korean commandos attempted to assassinate the then-President, Chun Doo-hwan, in a bomb attack. ](/news/2012/05/14/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-commences-the-first-official-visit-by-a-south-korean-leader-to-myanmar-since-1983-when-north-k.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, North Korea, President of South Korea, South Korea_
2. [ North Korean envoys meet the South Korean President Lee Myung-bak for the first time since he took office. ](/news/2009/08/23/north-korean-envoys-meet-the-south-korean-president-lee-myung-bak-for-the-first-time-since-he-took-office.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, North Korea, President of South Korea, South Korea_
3. [ Lee Myung-bak, South Korea's president, meets U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington to talk about North Korea. ](/news/2009/06/15/lee-myung-bak-south-korea-s-president-meets-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-washington-to-talk-about-north-korea.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
4. [ Lee Myung-bak, the President of South Korea, apologises to South Koreans over an unpopular decision to resume importing beef from the United States. ](/news/2008/06/19/lee-myung-bak-the-president-of-south-korea-apologises-to-south-koreans-over-an-unpopular-decision-to-resume-importing-beef-from-the-unite.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, President of South Korea, South Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [South Korea-United States relations. American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
