### [2011-10-13](/news/2011/10/13/index.md)

# The King of Bhutan, Jigme Khesar Namgyal Wangchuck, marries 21-year-old college student Jetsun Pema in Punakha. 




### Source:

1. [ (AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/44885097/ns/world_news-south_and_central_asia/?ocid=twitter)

### Related:

1. [ Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is coronated as the fifth King of Bhutan, replacing his father Jigme Singye Wangchuck, who abdicated his power, making him the world's youngest monarch. ](/news/2008/11/6/jigme-khesar-namgyel-wangchuck-is-coronated-as-the-fifth-king-of-bhutan-replacing-his-father-jigme-singye-wangchuck-who-abdicated-his-pow.md) _Context: Bhutan, King_
2. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: Bhutan_
3. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Bhutan_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Bhutan_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: Bhutan_
6. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: Bhutan_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: Bhutan_
8. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bhutan_
9. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan_
10. [Queen Jetsun Pema of Bhutan gives birth to a son, the heir apparent of the Bhutanese throne. ](/news/2016/02/6/queen-jetsun-pema-of-bhutan-gives-birth-to-a-son-the-heir-apparent-of-the-bhutanese-throne.md) _Context: Queen Jetsun Pema of Bhutan_
