### [2010-12-30](/news/2010/12/30/index.md)

# A diplomatic cable newly released from the British National Archives, dated 1980, claims that Israel would be "ready to use their atomic weapon" in any further war against its adversaries.

Former Ambassador Robinson told Foreign Office &#39;if Israelis are to be destroyed, they will go down fighting this time&#39; 


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/12/30/3103960.htm?section=justin)
2. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5j_8Hd9bETEgyGU262HdVZ-6P7Mmw?docId=CNG.9205da04450c60fdfee82a0a332188cf.51)
3. [Morning Star](http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/99316)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=201251)
5. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4007061,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
2. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
3. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
4. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Israel_
