### [2010-12-30](/news/2010/12/30/index.md)

# An international aid convoy from Asia enters Gaza, though Iranian and Jordanian members of the flotilla are denied entry and generators donated by Iran are banned too. 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Headlines/Article.aspx?id=201601)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Jordan_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Jordan_
3. [The Israel Defense Forces captures an Iranian ship carrying long-range artillery rockets to Palestinians in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2014/03/5/the-israel-defense-forces-captures-an-iranian-ship-carrying-long-range-artillery-rockets-to-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran_
4. [The Israeli Navy intercepts the cargo ship ''Victoria'' which was carrying a long list of advanced weapons that were smuggled from Iran and were allegedly bound for the militant organizations operating in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/15/the-israeli-navy-intercepts-the-cargo-ship-victoria-which-was-carrying-a-long-list-of-advanced-weapons-that-were-smuggled-from-iran-and.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran_
5. [Nigeria intercepts a weapons shipment including artillery rockets, originating in Iran, after Israeli officials accused Iran of trying to smuggle the weapons into the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/10/31/nigeria-intercepts-a-weapons-shipment-including-artillery-rockets-originating-in-iran-after-israeli-officials-accused-iran-of-trying-to-sm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran_
6. [The Red Crescent Society, for the first time since December 2008 and in a joint venture between Iran and Turkey, prepares to send two aid boats of donations and relief workers to Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/8/the-red-crescent-society-for-the-first-time-since-december-2008-and-in-a-joint-venture-between-iran-and-turkey-prepares-to-send-two-aid-bo.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran_
7. [Iranian lawmakers protesting at Israel's blockade of Gaza say they will travel to the area on an aid ship from Lebanon. ](/news/2010/06/26/iranian-lawmakers-protesting-at-israel-s-blockade-of-gaza-say-they-will-travel-to-the-area-on-an-aid-ship-from-lebanon.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran_
8. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Jordan_
9. [  Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetn.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Iran_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan_
