### [2010-12-30](/news/2010/12/30/index.md)

# Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/breakingnews/ireland/ahern-to-retire-from-politics-487471.html)
2. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE6BT4IK20101230)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/dec/30/bertie-ahern-not-stand-irish-elections)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
2. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen promises to dissolve Dail Eireann next Tuesday and to announce the date of the Irish general election, 2011. ](/news/2011/01/28/taoiseach-brian-cowen-promises-to-dissolve-da-il-aireann-next-tuesday-and-to-announce-the-date-of-the-irish-general-election-2011.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
3. [Leadership challenge to Taoiseach Brian Cowen:Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces his intention to lead the ruling Fianna Fail party into the upcoming general election after spending the past two days consulting his party. He offers his colleagues a secret motion of confidence ballot in his leadership, scheduled for Tuesday. ](/news/2011/01/16/leadership-challenge-to-taoiseach-brian-cowen-ptaoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-his-intention-to-lead-the-ruling-fianna-fa-il-party-into-the.md) _Context: Fianna Fáil, Taoiseach, recently claimed back_
4. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Fianna Fáil, Taoiseach_
5. [ Bertie Ahern of Fianna Fail is elected as Ireland's Taoiseach for a record third term upon the opening of the 30th Dail; the Taoiseach then announces his new cabinet with ministries. ](/news/2007/06/14/bertie-ahern-of-fianna-fa-il-is-elected-as-ireland-s-taoiseach-for-a-record-third-term-upon-the-opening-of-the-30th-da-il-the-taoiseach-th.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Fianna Fáil, Taoiseach_
6. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach_
7. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Fianna Fáil, Taoiseach_
8. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach_
9. [Moriarty Tribunal:Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-with.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Taoiseach_
10. [Irish general election, 2011:The votes are counted, with exit polls predicting Fine Gael and the Labour Party to do well while the ruling Fianna Fail is expected to do poorly. ](/news/2011/02/26/irish-general-election-2011-pthe-votes-are-counted-with-exit-polls-predicting-fine-gael-and-the-labour-party-to-do-well-while-the-ruling-f.md) _Context: Fianna Fáil, recently claimed back_
