### [2010-12-30](/news/2010/12/30/index.md)

# Israeli forces arrest Hamas MP Khalil Ar-Rabai after surrounding his home in the early morning in the southern West Bank town of Yatta. The destruction of family property is also reported. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5giK5BukgYmqg7MktsezdzhQbQaKA?docId=CNG.a69773e48a0970301352054d0054365c.8d1)
2. [Ma'an](http://www.maannews.net/eng/ViewDetails.aspx?ID=346669)
3. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/157878.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
3. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-educat.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
5. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
8. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
9. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
10. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
