### [2010-12-30](/news/2010/12/30/index.md)

# Minnesota sues 3M claiming they pumped PFCs, a very toxic chemical according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency, into local waterways.




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6BT31L20101230)

### Related:

1. [Environmental policy of the Donald Trump administration: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/environmental-policy-of-the-donald-trump-administration-the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-l.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
2. [Minnehaha Academy gas explosion: A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/minnehaha-academy-gas-explosion-a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff.md) _Context: Minnesota_
3. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally: 3M CEO Inge Thulin and Campbell CEO Denise Morrison resign from the American Manufacturing Council in protest of Trump's reaction to the alt-right's actions at Charlottesville, Virginia, bringing the total number of resignations this week to 8. ](/news/2017/08/16/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-3m-ceo-inge-thulin-and-campbell-ceo-denise-morrison-resign-from-the-american-manufacturing-council-i.md) _Context: 3M_
4. [Shooting of Justine Damond: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Minnesota_
5. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
6. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-with-a-52-46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-admin.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
7. [2016 UCLA shooting: A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/2016-ucla-shooting-a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mech.md) _Context: Minnesota_
8. [Terminix, in the U.S. District Court in St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, admits it "knowingly" applied fumigants including methyl bromide, which the EPA banned for residential use in 1984, at a resort in St. John that seriously sickened a family of four, and agrees to pay $10 million in fines and restitution. ](/news/2016/03/29/terminix-in-the-u-s-district-court-in-st-thomas-virgin-islands-admits-it-knowingly-applied-fumigants-including-methyl-bromide-which.md) _Context: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency_
9. [Callaway train crash: The evacuation order for the 200-person town of Callaway, Minnesota, which was emptied after a Canadian Pacific train crashed with a propane truck, is lifted. None of the train cars were carrying hazardous materials. ](/news/2016/03/25/callaway-train-crash-the-evacuation-order-for-the-200-person-town-of-callaway-minnesota-which-was-emptied-after-a-canadian-pacific-train.md) _Context: Minnesota_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Minnesota_
