### [2010-06-15](/news/2010/06/15/index.md)

# Human rights in Iran:. A leader of the Iranian opposition, Mir Hussein Moussavi, demands the prosecution of those he accuses of fraud in the disputed presidential election of 2009 and of human rights abuses against opposition demonstrators over the past year in Iran. 

Mir Hussein Moussavi issued a defiant statement but urged his supporters to avoid confrontation in Tehran around the one-year anniversary of election protests.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iRyVZSMPwGsilj8NqqATa9t8h6dwD9GBRF1O0)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/16/world/middleeast/16iran.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran arrests five human rights lawyers for security-related offences, the latest in a series of arrests of Iranian human rights' activists since last year's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2010/11/15/iran-arrests-five-human-rights-lawyers-for-security-related-offences-the-latest-in-a-series-of-arrests-of-iranian-human-rights-activists-s.md) _Context: Iranian human rights, post-election riots_
2. [Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi, the only female minister ever appointed in the Islamic Republic of Iran, is sacked after a dispute with President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2012/12/27/marzieh-vahid-dastjerdi-the-only-female-minister-ever-appointed-in-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-is-sacked-after-a-dispute-with-president-o.md) _Context: Islamic Republic of Iran_
3. [Nine female political prisoners, including Iranian human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh, begin a hunger strike to protest their conditions in Tehran's Evin prison. ](/news/2012/11/1/nine-female-political-prisoners-including-iranian-human-rights-lawyer-nasrin-sotoudeh-begin-a-hunger-strike-to-protest-their-conditions-in.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
4. [Canada-Iran relations:. Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-iran-relations-canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
5. [UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. ](/news/2012/08/29/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expresses-serious-concerns-on-the-human-rights-abuses-and-violations-in-iran-at-the-meeting-of-non-aligne.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
6. [Mir-Hossein Mousavi, leader of the Iranian opposition and former Prime Minister, returns home from a hospital after a heart attack. ](/news/2012/08/24/mir-hossein-mousavi-leader-of-the-iranian-opposition-and-former-prime-minister-returns-home-from-a-hospital-after-a-heart-attack.md) _Context: Iranian opposition_
7. [Thousands of opposition supporters from Iran's Green Movement march silently through the capital Tehran calling for the release of political prisoners. ](/news/2012/02/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-from-iran-s-green-movement-march-silently-through-the-capital-tehran-calling-for-the-release-of-political.md) _Context: Iranian opposition_
8. [Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq, the Iranian-backed Shiite militia that carried out deadly attacks on U.S. troops agrees to lay down its arms and join the political process in Iraq. ](/news/2012/01/6/asa-ib-ahl-al-haq-the-iranian-backed-shiite-militia-that-carried-out-deadly-attacks-on-u-s-troops-agrees-to-lay-down-its-arms-and-join-the.md) _Context: Islamic Republic of Iran_
9. [2011 Iranian protests:. Iranian politicians call for the execution of opposition leaders. ](/news/2011/02/15/2011-iranian-protests-iranian-politicians-call-for-the-execution-of-opposition-leaders.md) _Context: Iranian opposition_
10. [The United States urges Iran to halt executions after the hanging of a Dutch-Iranian woman, Zahra Bahrami, accused of being drug smuggler; the U.S. State Department expresses concern that Iran "continues to deny its citizens their human rights" and that cases, trials, and sentences continue to proceed "without transparency and the due process rights enshrined in Iran's own constitution." ](/news/2011/02/1/the-united-states-urges-iran-to-halt-executions-after-the-hanging-of-a-dutch-iranian-woman-zahra-bahrami-accused-of-being-drug-smuggler-t.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
