### [2010-06-15](/news/2010/06/15/index.md)

# The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. 

Nine members of the Fine Gael frontbench have said they do not have confidence in Enda Kenny to lead their party.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0615/finegael.html)
2. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE65E0YR20100615)

### Related:

1. [Irish general election, 2016: Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/irish-general-election-2016-prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-eng.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fianna Fail, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
2. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:: Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-former-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-airean.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
3. [Situation in Ireland:: Taoiseach Brian Cowen wins a vote of confidence in his leadership, a secret ballot held at a meeting of the Fianna Fail parliamentary party in Dublin. ](/news/2011/01/18/situation-in-ireland-taoiseach-brian-cowen-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-his-leadership-a-secret-ballot-held-at-a-meeting-of-the-fianna-fa.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Fianna Fail, Taoiseach, no confidence_
4. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach, his deputy leader_
5. [Politics of the Republic of Ireland: Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/politics-of-the-republic-of-ireland-irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignatio.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
6. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
7. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
8. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
9. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
10. [Moriarty Tribunal:: Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-taoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-wit.md) _Context: Dail Eireann, Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
