### [2009-03-7](/news/2009/03/7/index.md)

#  Anti-Israel protestors and Sweden's Police Service clash in Malm, where the two countries were playing a Davis Cup tennis match. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jxZ8QlsIwKKCpTb_Y9TVKgcJT5aQD96PAVT80)

### Related:

1. [Sweden officially recognises Palestine as a sovereign state. Israel recalls its ambassador to Sweden. ](/news/2014/10/30/sweden-officially-recognises-palestine-as-a-sovereign-state-israel-recalls-its-ambassador-to-sweden.md) _Context: Israel, Sweden_
2. [Israel expels Riksdag member Mehmet Kaplan, a veteran of the Gaza flotilla raid, moments after his arrival, claiming he had "failed to follow procedure". Ex-Israeli artist Dror Feiler, who is also currently based in Sweden, is expelled with him. ](/news/2010/11/7/israel-expels-riksdag-member-mehmet-kaplan-a-veteran-of-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-moments-after-his-arrival-claiming-he-had-failed-to-follo.md) _Context: Israel, Sweden_
3. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Israel, Sweden_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel summons the ambassadors of Cyprus, Greece, Ireland, Sweden and Turkey to protest the expedition as an unnecessary provocation after eight ships, including four cargo vessels and a Turkish passenger ferry carrying 600 people, including a Nobel peace laureate and former U.S. congresswoman, set sail for Gaza with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to break a three-year Israeli blockade on the territory. ](/news/2010/05/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-summons-the-ambassadors-of-cyprus-greece-ireland-sweden-and-turkey-to-protest-the-expedition-as-an.md) _Context: Israel, Sweden_
5. [ Robin Soderling of Sweden defeats world-number-one, four-time French Open and defending champion Rafael Nadal of Spain in tennis's 2009 French Open. ](/news/2009/05/31/robin-sapderling-of-sweden-defeats-world-number-one-four-time-french-open-and-defending-champion-rafael-nadal-of-spain-in-tennis-s-2009-fr.md) _Context: Sweden, tennis_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: protest_
9. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
