### [2009-03-7](/news/2009/03/7/index.md)

#  NASA launches its Kepler spacecraft from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/TECH/space/03/06/nasa.kepler.launch.planets/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, NASA_
2. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida, NASA_
3. [The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch-complex-41-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
4. [A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket explodes during a routine firing test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. SpaceX say there were no injuries, but that an "anomaly" during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli Amos-6 communication satellite it was carrying. ](/news/2016/09/1/a-spacex-falcon-9-rocket-explodes-during-a-routine-firing-test-at-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-spacex-say-there-were-no-inju.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida_
5. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida_
6. [An unmanned Space-X Falcon 9 space rocket explodes 2 minutes after take-off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The rocket was on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. This is the third such incident in a year. ](/news/2015/06/28/an-unmanned-space-x-falcon-9-space-rocket-explodes-2-minutes-after-take-off-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-florida-the-rocket-was.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida_
7. [NASA's Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' successfully launches from the Kennedy Space Center in the U.S. state of Florida on its final mission. ](/news/2011/05/16/nasa-s-space-shuttle-endeavour-successfully-launches-from-the-kennedy-space-center-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-on-its-final-mission.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
8. [NASA's Kepler Mission announces the discovery of a planetary system of six planets circulating the star Kepler-11. ](/news/2011/02/2/nasa-s-kepler-mission-announces-the-discovery-of-a-planetary-system-of-six-planets-circulating-the-star-kepler-11.md) _Context: Kepler Mission, NASA_
9. [SpaceX Dragon -- SpaceX launched the first working Dragon spacecraft on a test flight at 10:43am EST (15:43 UTC) from Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. ](/news/2010/12/8/spacex-dragon-a-spacex-launched-the-first-working-dragon-spacecraft-on-a-test-flight-at-10-43am-est-15-43-utc-from-launch-complex-40-ca.md) _Context: Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida_
10. [NASA's Kepler telescope detects its first five exoplanets. ](/news/2010/01/4/nasa-s-kepler-telescope-detects-its-first-five-exoplanets.md) _Context: Kepler Mission, NASA_
