### [2009-03-7](/news/2009/03/7/index.md)

#  Palestinian National Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad resigns. 

The Palestinian prime minister, Salam Fayyad, resigned on Saturday in a move intended to pave the way for a power-sharing deal between the two rival Palestinian political forces &ndash; Hamas and Fatah.


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/palestinianauthority/4953837/Palestinian-PM-Salam-Fayyad-resigns.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/template/ver1-0/i/telegraphFacebook.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister, Salam Fayyad_
2. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
3. [Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad suffers a heart attack and undergoes surgery during a trip to the United States to attend his son's graduation. ](/news/2011/05/23/palestinian-prime-minister-salam-fayyad-suffers-a-heart-attack-and-undergoes-surgery-during-a-trip-to-the-united-states-to-attend-his-son-s.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Salam Fayyad_
4. [ Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad receives a slice as Nablus bakers attempt to set a record for the world's biggest kunafa. ](/news/2009/07/18/palestinian-prime-minister-salam-fayyad-receives-a-slice-as-nablus-bakers-attempt-to-set-a-record-for-the-world-s-biggest-kunafa.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Salam Fayyad_
5. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
6. [ The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said-that-the-air-strike-was-not.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
7. [ Ismail Haniya of Hamas becomes Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority, succeeding Ahmed Qurei. ](/news/2006/02/19/ismail-haniya-of-hamas-becomes-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-succeeding-ahmed-qurei.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
8. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [The Palestinian National Authority prepares to open an embassy in the Vatican City, just one day before a Palestinian peace conference in Paris. ](/news/2017/01/14/the-palestinian-national-authority-prepares-to-open-an-embassy-in-the-vatican-city-just-one-day-before-a-palestinian-peace-conference-in-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
10. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
