### [2017-01-12](/news/2017/01/12/index.md)

# Two members of funk band Tower of Power are seriously injured after being struck by a train near Jack London Square in Oakland, California.

Two members of longtime Oakland rhythm and blues band Tower of Power were hit by a train in Oakland near Jack London Square on Thursday night minutes before a scheduled show at Yoshi’s. Longtime drummer David Garibaldi and bassist Marc Van Wageningen were struck by an Amtrak train passing outside the popular venue shortly before their show that was scheduled for 8 p.m., said Jeremy Westby, a publicist for the group, which has been performing since the late 1960s. A group of four people tried to cross the tracks — while the warning guard arms were still down — toward Yoshi’s after a freight train slowly chugged by, Smith said. [...] the pedestrians didn’t see the Amtrak train traveling about 25 mph from the opposite direction on another track, he said. Both of their scheduled shows at Yoshi’s — an annual affair — were canceled after the accident, said Hal Campos, the club’s general manager. Both men got hit by the train and thrown through the air in opposite directions, he said, based on multiple witness accounts. Witnesses told police that the train’s operator was sounding the horn when the accident occurred, Smith said.


### Source:

1. [SF Gate](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/2-pedestrians-hit-by-train-in-Oakland-near-estuary-10854827.php|)

### Related:

1. [2016 Oakland warehouse fire. The confirmed death toll in Friday night's warehouse fire in Oakland, California rises to 33 with several people still missing. ](/news/2016/12/4/2016-oakland-warehouse-fire-the-confirmed-death-toll-in-friday-night-s-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california-rises-to-33-with-several-peopl.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
2. [2016 Oakland warehouse fire. Recovery efforts continue in the US city of Oakland, California, after a fire at a music party in a converted warehouse kills at least nine people with dozens missing. ](/news/2016/12/3/2016-oakland-warehouse-fire-recovery-efforts-continue-in-the-us-city-of-oakland-california-after-a-fire-at-a-music-party-in-a-converted-w.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
3. [2016 Oakland warehouse fire. At least nine people are killed and 40 are missing in a warehouse fire in Oakland, California. ](/news/2016/12/2/2016-oakland-warehouse-fire-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-40-are-missing-in-a-warehouse-fire-in-oakland-california.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
4. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
5. [Asiana Airlines says they will sue Oakland, California television station KTVU for defamation after the station reported the wrong names of the pilots of Asiana Airlines Flight 214. ](/news/2013/07/15/asiana-airlines-says-they-will-sue-oakland-california-television-station-ktvu-for-defamation-after-the-station-reported-the-wrong-names-of.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
6. [A memorial service is held for the seven victims of the Oikos University shooting in the US city of Oakland, California. ](/news/2012/04/3/a-memorial-service-is-held-for-the-seven-victims-of-the-oikos-university-shooting-in-the-us-city-of-oakland-california.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
7. [A mass shooting at Oikos University at Oakland, California leaves 7 people dead and three injured, according to a police spokesperson. ](/news/2012/04/2/a-mass-shooting-at-oikos-university-at-oakland-california-leaves-7-people-dead-and-three-injured-according-to-a-police-spokesperson.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
8. [Police confront protesters with tear gas and stun grenades in the U.S. city of Oakland, California; more than 100 arrests are made. ](/news/2012/01/29/police-confront-protesters-with-tear-gas-and-stun-grenades-in-the-u-s-city-of-oakland-california-more-than-100-arrests-are-made.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
9. [Approximately 300 people are arrested in the US city of Oakland, California during Occupy Oakland protests. ](/news/2012/01/28/approximately-300-people-are-arrested-in-the-us-city-of-oakland-california-during-occupy-oakland-protests.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
10. [Seven people, including a toddler, are shot while recording a music video in Oakland, California. ](/news/2011/11/29/seven-people-including-a-toddler-are-shot-while-recording-a-music-video-in-oakland-california.md) _Context: Oakland, California_
