### [2005-08-11](/news/2005/08/11/index.md)

#  Scott Sullivan, once the chief financial officer of WorldCom, then the star witness in the prosecution of his former boss there, Bernie Ebbers, is sentenced to five years in prison.




### Related:

1. [ US federal judge Barbara Jones denies former WorldCom CEO Bernie Ebbers, who faces up to 85 years in prison, a retrial in federal court ](/news/2005/07/12/us-federal-judge-barbara-jones-denies-former-worldcom-ceo-bernie-ebbers-who-faces-up-to-85-years-in-prison-a-retrial-in-federal-court.md) _Context: Bernie Ebbers, WorldCom_
2. [ The trial of Bernie Ebbers, former CEO of WorldCom, begins in New York with the jury selection. ](/news/2005/01/20/the-trial-of-bernie-ebbers-former-ceo-of-worldcom-begins-in-new-york-with-the-jury-selection.md) _Context: Bernie Ebbers, WorldCom_
3. [ Accounting scandals: New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer has filed civil fraud lawsuits against ex-WorldCom CEO Bernie Ebbers, Qwest Communications executives Philip Anschutz and Joseph Nacchio, Metromedia Fiber Networks chairman Stephen Garofalo, and ex-McLeod USA CEO Clark McLeod.](/news/2002/09/30/accounting-scandals-new-york-attorney-general-eliot-spitzer-has-filed-civil-fraud-lawsuits-against-ex-worldcom-ceo-bernie-ebbers-qwest-co.md) _Context: Bernie Ebbers, WorldCom_
4. [ Former WorldCom chief Bernard Ebbers reports to a federal prison in the U.S. state of Louisiana to begin a 25-year prison term. ](/news/2006/09/26/former-worldcom-chief-bernard-ebbers-reports-to-a-federal-prison-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-to-begin-a-25-year-prison-term.md) _Context: WorldCom_
5. [ A U.S. federal appeals court upholds the conviction and 25 year sentence of former WorldCom CEO Bernard Ebbers for fraud. ](/news/2006/07/28/a-u-s-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-conviction-and-25-year-sentence-of-former-worldcom-ceo-bernard-ebbers-for-fraud.md) _Context: WorldCom_
6. [ Former Worldcom CEO Bernard Ebbers is sentenced to 25 years imprisonment for conspiracy, securities fraud and seven counts of making false SEC filings. ](/news/2005/07/13/former-worldcom-ceo-bernard-ebbers-is-sentenced-to-25-years-imprisonment-for-conspiracy-securities-fraud-and-seven-counts-of-making-false.md) _Context: WorldCom_
7. [German Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries unveils a draft bill aimed at policing company accounts following the Enron and WorldCom scandals in the USA. [http://www.finance24.co.za/Finance/Companies/0,,1518-24_1456622,00.html]](/news/2003/12/8/german-justice-minister-brigitte-zypries-unveils-a-draft-bill-aimed-at-policing-company-accounts-following-the-enron-and-worldcom-scandals-i.md) _Context: WorldCom_
8. [ A United States district court approves a settlement between WorldCom and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in which WorldCom will pay $750&nbsp;million to investors for its accounting scandal. ](/news/2003/07/7/a-united-states-district-court-approves-a-settlement-between-worldcom-and-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-in-which-worldcom-wi.md) _Context: WorldCom_
9. ["Time" announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.](/news/2002/12/22/time-announced-that-its-persons-of-the-year-are-three-female-whistleblowers-coleen-rowley-fbi-agent-who-wrote-a-memorandum-to-fbi-d.md) _Context: WorldCom_
10. [ Accountancy scandals: WorldCom announced it had discovered $3.3 billion in false accounting in addition to the $3.8 billion discovered earlier.](/news/2002/08/8/accountancy-scandals-worldcom-announced-it-had-discovered-3-3-billion-in-false-accounting-in-addition-to-the-3-8-billion-discovered-earl.md) _Context: WorldCom_
