### [2005-03-27](/news/2005/03/27/index.md)

#  Grey's Anatomy debuts on ABC




### Related:

1. [Adam West, the actor widely known for playing Batman in the ABC series of the same name during the 1960's, dies from leukemia. ](/news/2017/06/9/adam-west-the-actor-widely-known-for-playing-batman-in-the-abc-series-of-the-same-name-during-the-1960-s-dies-from-leukemia.md) _Context: ABC_
2. [ Charles Gibson announces he will step down as anchor of World News and retire from ABC in January 2010. Diane Sawyer will replace him at ABC World News. ](/news/2009/09/2/charles-gibson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-anchor-of-world-news-and-retire-from-abc-in-january-2010-diane-sawyer-will-replace-him-at-ab.md) _Context: ABC_
3. [ US Vice President Joe Biden says in an ABC interview that Washington will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iran. ](/news/2009/07/5/us-vice-president-joe-biden-says-in-an-abc-interview-that-washington-will-not-interfere-in-an-israeli-attack-on-iran.md) _Context: ABC_
4. [ ABC investigative reporter Brian Ross reports that security at nuclear reactors on U.S. college campuses is easily compromised. ](/news/2005/10/13/abc-investigative-reporter-brian-ross-reports-that-security-at-nuclear-reactors-on-u-s-college-campuses-is-easily-compromised.md) _Context: ABC_
5. [ An eleven minute video tape purporting to be from Al Qaeda is delivered to American network ABC in Pakistan and shown on ''Good Morning America'', warns of future attacks on Los Angeles, California and Melbourne, Australia.  Adam Yahiye Gadahn, an American convert to Islam, called the September 11, 2001 attacks "blessed events" and commenting on possible attacks in the future stated, "This time, don't count on us demonstrating restraint and compassion." ](/news/2005/09/11/an-eleven-minute-video-tape-purporting-to-be-from-al-qaeda-is-delivered-to-american-network-abc-in-pakistan-and-shown-on-good-morning-ame.md) _Context: ABC_
6. [ Hurricane Katrina: U.S. President George W. Bush in an early morning interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer at the White House said: "I fully understand people wanting things to have happened yesterday" ](/news/2005/09/1/hurricane-katrina-p-u-s-president-george-w-bush-in-an-early-morning-interview-with-abc-s-diane-sawyer-at-the-white-house-said-i-fully-u.md) _Context: ABC_
7. [ The Zotob computer worm causes fatal crashes of computers worldwide. The worm only crashes PCs running Windows 2000 and earlier versions of Windows XP, shutting down and rebooting the computer endlessly. Affected were CNN, ABC, Caterpillar, New York Times and Capitol Hill PCs. ](/news/2005/08/17/the-zotob-computer-worm-causes-fatal-crashes-of-computers-worldwide-the-worm-only-crashes-pcs-running-windows-2000-and-earlier-versions-of.md) _Context: ABC_
8. [ Russia's defence minister Sergei Ivanov bars the country's defense ministry from contacting ABC News after the channel broadcast an interview with Chechen rebel Shamil Basayev ](/news/2005/07/31/russia-s-defence-minister-sergei-ivanov-bars-the-country-s-defense-ministry-from-contacting-abc-news-after-the-channel-broadcast-an-intervi.md) _Context: ABC_
9. [CBS and NBC refuse to air an advertisement by the United Church of Christ citing the advocacy of accepting homosexuals is "too controversial". The advertisement was accepted by numerous other networks including Fox, ABC and TBS. ](/news/2004/12/1/cbs-and-nbc-refuse-to-air-an-advertisement-by-the-united-church-of-christ-citing-the-advocacy-of-accepting-homosexuals-is-too-controversial.md) _Context: ABC_
10. [A digital cable and satellite network dedicated to the soap operas, SOAPnet, begins re-airing soaps that originally aired on ABC, NBC and CBS.](/news/2000/01/20/a-digital-cable-and-satellite-network-dedicated-to-the-soap-operas-soapnet-begins-re-airing-soaps-that-originally-aired-on-abc-nbc-and-cb.md) _Context: ABC_
