### [2012-12-26](/news/2012/12/26/index.md)

# Japan's new Prime Minister Shinzo Abe unveils his cabinet line-up as he begins the task of economic revitalisation. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDefault/*/Article_2012-12-26-Japan-Politics/id-625146b879094f4ca50e18df9b20fc84)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20842840)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
2. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
3. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
4. [Haruhiko Kuroda is selected by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to lead the Bank of Japan. ](/news/2013/02/28/haruhiko-kuroda-is-selected-by-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-to-lead-the-bank-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
5. [Senkaku Islands dispute:Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe vows to defend the Senkaku Islands "at all costs" in a speech aimed at the Japan Self-Defense Forces. ](/news/2013/02/2/senkaku-islands-dispute-pprime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-vows-to-defend-the-senkaku-islands-at-all-costs-in-a-speech-aimed-at-the-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
6. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8.  ](/news/2016/11/17/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-becomes-the-first-foreign-head-of-government-to-meet-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-s.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
7. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees  to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work  carried out to prepare for new runways. ](/news/2016/03/4/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-agrees-to-suspend-work-to-expand-the-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-abe-says-his-government-will.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
8. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.  Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister_
9. [South Korea announces that  Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a  final settlement concerning sex slavery  during World War II. ''The Nikkei'' reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/PS556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and  is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-tow.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
10. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, Shinzo Abe_
