### [2014-08-25](/news/2014/08/25/index.md)

# 2014 Libyan conflict:Twice in the last seven days, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates have secretly teamed up to launch airstrikes against Islamist-allied militants  battling for control of Tripoli according to senior American officials. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/26/world/africa/egypt-and-united-arab-emirates-said-to-have-secretly-carried-out-libya-airstrikes.html)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
2. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
3. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Egypt presses formal charges against Gamel and Alaa Mubarak, sons of ousted president Hosni Mubarak, and Ahmed Shafiq, a recent presidential candidate, over alleged illegal acquisition of land. An arrest warrant has been issued against Shafiq, now a resident in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2012/09/11/egypt-presses-formal-charges-against-gamel-and-alaa-mubarak-sons-of-ousted-president-hosni-mubarak-and-ahmed-shafiq-a-recent-presidential.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates become the first countries to have non-Latin ccTLDs. ](/news/2010/05/6/egypt-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-become-the-first-countries-to-have-non-latin-cctlds.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
6. [ Tomihiro Taniguchi, Deputy Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, announces that Algeria, Egypt, Morocco and Saudi Arabia, and possibly Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates, will launch nuclear programs for desalination. A proliferation expert asserts the real reason behind the programs is for a "security hedge." ](/news/2006/11/4/tomihiro-taniguchi-deputy-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-algeria-egypt-morocco-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sentence-for-human-trafficking-a.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
