### [2010-03-9](/news/2010/03/9/index.md)

# 186 members of the 245-seat Rajya Sabha of the Sansad in India vote in favour of a bill giving one third of available seats in the national parliament and state legislatures to women. One member votes against, several parties boycott the vote and seven MPs are suspended after expressing their disagreement. 

After a day of high drama that saw Rajya Sabha swarm with over hundred marshals called in to bundle out 7 MPs blocking proceedings, the House recorded a historic vote in favour of a bill providing for 33% reservation for women in Parliament and assemblies.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8557237.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/asiapcf/03/08/india.women.parliament/index.html)
3. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Womens-Bill-passed-in-RS-as-Congress-refuses-to-be-cowed-down/articleshow/5665106.cms)

### Related:

1. [According to a parliamentary answer by the ministry of health, the value of a life lost during a clinical trial is 2.2 lakh rupees ($ 4,000) in India in 2011. This number is the average compensation paid for deaths during clinical trials. No rules governing compensations for clinical trial-related injury or death have been approved by the Parliament of India yet. ](/news/2012/09/10/according-to-a-parliamentary-answer-by-the-ministry-of-health-the-value-of-a-life-lost-during-a-clinical-trial-is-2-2-lakh-rupees-4-000.md) _Context: India, Parliament of India_
2. [The Rajya Sabha, the Upper House of the Parliament of India, adjourns for the year without voting on the Lokpal anti-corruption bill advocated by Anna Hazare and his followers. ](/news/2011/12/29/the-rajya-sabha-the-upper-house-of-the-parliament-of-india-adjourns-for-the-year-without-voting-on-the-lokpal-anti-corruption-bill-advocat.md) _Context: Parliament of India, Rajya Sabha_
3. [Indian anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare begins a three day fast in protest as legislation creating an anti-corruption watchdog excluding the Central Bureau of Investigation goes before the Parliament of India. ](/news/2011/12/27/indian-anti-corruption-activist-anna-hazare-begins-a-three-day-fast-in-protest-as-legislation-creating-an-anti-corruption-watchdog-excluding.md) _Context: India, Parliament of India_
4. [ Indian Member of Parliament Meira Kumar becomes the first female Speaker of the House of the People. ](/news/2009/06/3/indian-member-of-parliament-meira-kumar-becomes-the-first-female-speaker-of-the-house-of-the-people.md) _Context: India, Parliament of India_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: India_
