### [2010-03-9](/news/2010/03/9/index.md)

# Dublin's Tallaght Hospital blames "systemic and process failures" for more than 57,000 X-rays taken between 2005 and 2009 not being reviewed by medical professionals and admits at least two patients received incorrect treatment, one of whom has since died and the other who is receiving cancer treatment. 

A patient died when their diagnosis was delayed at Tallaght Hospital because x-rays were not reviewed by a consultant radiologist.


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/0309/breaking73.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0309/tallaght.html)
3. [Ireland Online](http://breakingnews.iol.ie/news/ireland/hospital-confirms-radiologists-did-not-review-57000-xrays-449352.html)

### Related:

1. [Scientists manage to extract one last image from the Hitomi x-ray spacecraft, which broke up last March while orbiting Earth. Before it died, the spacecraft captured an image which measured the X-ray activity of the Perseus cluster. ](/news/2016/07/7/scientists-manage-to-extract-one-last-image-from-the-hitomi-x-ray-spacecraft-which-broke-up-last-march-while-orbiting-earth-before-it-died.md) _Context: X-ray_
2. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin_
3. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio Joao Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joapso-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dead.md) _Context: Dublin_
4. [At least eight people have died in a major fire at a halting site for Irish travellers in the south of Dublin. ](/news/2015/10/10/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-a-major-fire-at-a-halting-site-for-irish-travellers-in-the-south-of-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin_
5. [Dublin-based generic drugmaker, specialty drug supplier, and medical imaging agent producer Mallinckrodt Plc increases its presence in U.S. hospitals by buying privately held Ikaria Inc, a maker of a respiratory drug and its delivery system, for $2.3 billion from a group of investors led by private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners LLC. The deal includes INOmax, which is the only approved product to treat hypoxic respiratory failure in infants through nitric oxide. ](/news/2015/03/5/dublin-based-generic-drugmaker-specialty-drug-supplier-and-medical-imaging-agent-producer-mallinckrodt-plc-increases-its-presence-in-u-s.md) _Context: Dublin_
6. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Dublin_
7. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Government sources claim white powder in an envelope and possibly a swastika have been sent to the home of the Irish Minister for Justice and Equality Alan Shatter, who is embroiled in multiple political controversies. An army bomb disposal unit has moved in on Shatter's estate in Ballinteer, Dublin. ](/news/2014/04/2/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pgovernment-sources-claim-white-powder-in-an-envelope-and-possibly-a-swastika-have-been-sent-to-the-home-of-the.md) _Context: Dublin_
8. [The Garda Sochna Ombudsman Commission (GSOC), Ireland's police Ombudsman, is revealed to have been bugged, with emails, wi-fi and phone systems at its Dublin headquarters also accessed illegally and internationally. ](/news/2014/02/10/the-garda-siochana-ombudsman-commission-gsoc-ireland-s-police-ombudsman-is-revealed-to-have-been-bugged-with-emails-wi-fi-and-phone-sy.md) _Context: Dublin_
9. [U.S. government surveillance programs (including PRISM):European Union officials send a letter to U.S. attorney general Eric Holder with seven detailed questions requesting concrete explanations about the country's data snooping programs and how it affects EU citizens ahead of a meeting in Dublin this Friday. ](/news/2013/06/11/u-s-government-surveillance-programs-including-prism-peuropean-union-officials-send-a-letter-to-u-s-attorney-general-eric-holder-with-se.md) _Context: Dublin_
10. [In rugby union, RC Toulonnais beats ASM Clermont Auvergne 16-15 in an all-French 2013 Heineken Cup Final at Aviva Stadium in Dublin. ](/news/2013/05/18/in-rugby-union-rc-toulonnais-beats-asm-clermont-auvergne-16-15-in-an-all-french-2013-heineken-cup-final-at-aviva-stadium-in-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin_
