### [2004-12-31](/news/2004/12/31/index.md)

#  Indonesia's ambassador to Malaysia, Rusdihardjo, claims that the death toll from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake may eventually exceed 400,000 in Indonesia alone. (




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4136545.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4138763.stm)
3. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/1104443723554_8?hub=Canada)
4. [GM](http://www.globetechnology.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20041231.wxcharity1231/BNStory/Technology/)
5. [Malaysia Star](http://thestar.com.my/news/story.asp?file=/2004/12/31/nation/9784484&sec=nation)
6. [Ottawa Citizen](http://www.canada.com/ottawa/ottawacitizen/news/story.html?id=e8a2be9f-e24c-4ea4-9a23-93197c55bbc3)
7. [Washington Times](http://washingtontimes.com/world/20041231-123615-9809r.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia, Malaysia_
2. [ An earthquake of magnitude 9.3, the strongest earthquake in 40 years, strikes in the Indian Ocean off the western coast of Sumatra. While initial reports state that the resulting tsunamis killed approximately 100 people, by the end of the day 250,000 people in coastal areas of Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, India, Bangladesh, Burma, Indonesia and Malaysia had been reported dead or missing. Tremors are also felt as far as Singapore, eastern countries of Africa, and north-western Australia. A state of emergency is declared in Sri Lanka, where over 31,000 people are feared dead. ](/news/2004/12/26/an-earthquake-of-magnitude-9-3-the-strongest-earthquake-in-40-years-strikes-in-the-indian-ocean-off-the-western-coast-of-sumatra-while-i.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia, Malaysia_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
4. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
5. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
6. [A Malaysian oil tanker, MT "Vier Harmoni", is hijacked off the coast of Malaysia and is believed to have been taken to Indonesian waters near the island of Batam, according to the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency. The identity of the hijackers is not yet known. ](/news/2016/08/17/a-malaysian-oil-tanker-mt-vier-harmoni-is-hijacked-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-and-is-believed-to-have-been-taken-to-indonesian-waters-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
7. [Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines agree on joint naval patrols after an increase of kidnappings by the Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/28/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-agree-on-joint-naval-patrols-after-an-increase-of-kidnappings-by-the-abu-sayyaf-militants.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
8. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
9. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
10. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40 missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
