### [2011-05-2](/news/2011/05/2/index.md)

# The United States Army Corps of Engineers explodes a large part of a Mississippi River levee to protect the Illinois town of Cairo from floodwaters. 

Water spilled over a Missouri dam, forcing road closures, while the Army Corps of Engineers gave the go-ahead to blow up a levee in another county.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/42862955/ns/weather/)

### Related:

1. [The US Army Corps of Engineers blasts a hole in two levees along the Mississippi River, flooding some 200|sqmi|km2 of Missouri farmland in an effort to save the town of Cairo, Illinois further downriver from record-breaking flood waters. ](/news/2011/05/3/the-us-army-corps-of-engineers-blasts-a-hole-in-two-levees-along-the-mississippi-river-flooding-some-200-sqmi-km2-of-missouri-farmland-in-a.md) _Context: Cairo, Illinois, Mississippi River, levee_
2. [2011 Midwest floods:. Despite the breach of a levee on the Mississippi River to ease flood pressure in southern Illinois, massive flooding continues from Minnesota to Louisiana and hundreds of square miles of mostly farmland in Missouri are under water. ](/news/2011/05/4/2011-midwest-floods-despite-the-breach-of-a-levee-on-the-mississippi-river-to-ease-flood-pressure-in-southern-illinois-massive-flooding-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River, levee_
3. [2011 Mississippi River floods:. Mississippi River flooding worsens, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge will be submerged 20-30 feet, and 13% of US oil refinery output disrupted. ](/news/2011/05/10/2011-mississippi-river-floods-mississippi-river-flooding-worsens-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-loui.md) _Context: Mississippi River, United States Army Corps of Engineers_
4. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency vetoes plans by the Army Corps of Engineers to build the world's largest water pump on the Mississippi River Delta raising concerns about the impact on wetlands. ](/news/2008/09/2/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-vetoes-plans-by-the-army-corps-of-engineers-to-build-the-world-s-largest-water-pump-on-th.md) _Context: Mississippi River, United States Army Corps of Engineers_
5. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests. The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-acces.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
6. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests. Groups of U.S. military veterans join the protest as human shields against possible clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement when the United States Army Corps of Engineers' eviction deadline expires on Monday. They are building barracks for shelter in North Dakota's winter weather. ](/news/2016/12/3/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-groups-of-u-s-military-veterans-join-the-protest-as-human-shields-against-possible-clashes-between-demonst.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
7. [Volkswagen emissions scandal. A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-us.md) _Context: Illinois_
8. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Illinois_
9. [Gun politics in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Illinois_
10. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Illinois_
