### [2004-03-22](/news/2004/03/22/index.md)

#  Israel assassinates Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the spiritual head of Hamas, in the Gaza Strip. It then seals off both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3556753.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3556099.stm)
3. [FOX](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,114826,00.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=4615931&section=news)

### Related:

1. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
2. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
4. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
5. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, West Bank_
6. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
7. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
10. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
