### [2004-03-22](/news/2004/03/22/index.md)

#  ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000080&sid=abd6wwTxdVdA&refer=asia)
2. [The Star](http://thestar.com.my/news/story.asp?file=/2004/3/23/latest/16578Taiwansr&sec=latest)

### Related:

1. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
2. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Candidates Lien Chan of the Pan-Blue Coalition and President Chen Shui-bian of the Pan-Green Coalition participate in a televised debate.](/news/2004/02/14/roc-presidential-election-2004-candidates-lien-chan-of-the-pan-blue-coalition-and-president-chen-shui-bian-of-the-pan-green-coalition-par.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan, coalition allies_
3. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
4. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
5. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.](/news/2004/03/29/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-pan-blue-coalition-drops-its-demand-for-another-round-of-voting-by-members-of-the-military-and-the-pol.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
6. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The controversial victory of Chen Shui-bian is confirmed by the state electoral commission, with a margin of only 29,518 votes - 0.2% of the total&nbsp;- separating the candidates. Pan-Blue protestors storm and hurl eggs at the Central Electoral Commission building. ](/news/2004/03/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-controversial-victory-of-chen-shui-bian-is-confirmed-by-the-state-electoral-commission-with-a-margin.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, coalition allies_
7. [ ROC presidential election: Chen Shui-bian is declared the winner over Lien Chan by fewer than 30,000 votes of nearly 13,000,000 cast (0.25%). Lien calls the result unfair and demands it be voided. A controversial referendum is invalidated by low turnout. ](/news/2004/03/20/roc-presidential-election-chen-shui-bian-is-declared-the-winner-over-lien-chan-by-fewer-than-30-000-votes-of-nearly-13-000-000-cast-0-25.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
8. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Lagging behind his rival Lien Chan in opinion polls, President Chen Shui-bian promises not to declare Taiwan independence if he is re-elected. ](/news/2004/02/19/roc-presidential-election-2004-lagging-behind-his-rival-lien-chan-in-opinion-polls-president-chen-shui-bian-promises-not-to-declare-taiw.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Lien Chan_
9. [ 2004 Taiwan Presidential Election: President Chen Shui-bian is officially nominated by his Democratic Progressive Party and picks Vice President Annette Lu as his running mate. [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V1414.AP-Taiwan-Vice-Pre.html]](/news/2003/12/10/2004-taiwan-presidential-election-president-chen-shui-bian-is-officially-nominated-by-his-democratic-progressive-party-and-picks-vice-pres.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party_
10. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, Democratic Progressive Party_
