### [2016-06-27](/news/2016/06/27/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. 

After six years of estrangement over a deadly clash in the waters outside of Gaza, Israel and Turkey announced a deal to normalize ties.


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Middle-East/2016/0627/After-a-six-year-chill-Turkey-and-Israel-agree-to-normalize-relations)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/la-fg-israel-turkey-20160627-snap-story.html)
3. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/after-years-of-chilly-ties-israel-and-turkey-announce-normalization/)

### Related:

1. [Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israelaturkey-relations-pisrael-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-de.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Turkey and Israel, prime minister of Israel_
2. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, prime minister of Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, prime minister of Israel_
4. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. ](/news/2010/08/9/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, prime minister of Israel_
5. [Two Spanish activists and a journalist arrested in an Israeli raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla file charges against Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2010/07/24/two-spanish-activists-and-a-journalist-arrested-in-an-israeli-raid-on-a-gaza-bound-flotilla-file-charges-against-israel-s-prime-minister-ben.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, prime minister of Israel_
6. [Two Spaniards and a journalist sue Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, plus other Israeli ministers and officials, as a result of the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/23/two-spaniards-and-a-journalist-sue-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-plus-other-israeli-ministers-and-officials-as-a-result-of-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, prime minister of Israel_
7. [The prime minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refus.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
8. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel_
9. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Turkey and Israel_
10. [The Prime Minister of Turkey Binali Yildirim calls for "calm" over what he states was an "illegal attempt" by sections of the Turkish military to claim power. ](/news/2016/07/15/the-prime-minister-of-turkey-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-calls-for-calm-over-what-he-states-was-an-illegal-attempt-by-sections-of-the-turkish-mil.md) _Context: Binali Yıldırım, Prime Minister of Turkey_
