### [2016-06-27](/news/2016/06/27/index.md)

# Russia-Turkey relations. 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan writes Russian President Vladimir Putin to offer condolences to the family of the deceased Russian pilot of the Sukhoi Su-24 warplane shot down last November. The Kremlin has insisted on a personal apology for months. A Turkish spokesman says this is a step toward improving bilateral relations between the two countries. 

Statement cites Turkish president as saying Ankara ‘never had the desire and the intention’ to down warplane


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/27/kremlin-says-erdogan-apologises-russian-jet-turkish)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/turkey-apologizes-for-shooting-down-russian-warplane-last-year/2016/06/27/d969e0ea-3c6d-11e6-9e16-4cf01a41decb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Russia-Turkey relations. A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russia-turkey-relations-a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-rus.md) _Context: 2015 downing, President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Russia-Turkey relations_
2. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-suppor.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Russia-Turkey relations, Sukhoi Su-24_
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia-Turkey relations. Russia lifts more trade sanctions it had placed on Turkey following the 2015 downing of a Russian fighter jet. ](/news/2017/06/2/russia-turkey-relations-russia-lifts-more-trade-sanctions-it-had-placed-on-turkey-following-the-2015-downing-of-a-russian-fighter-jet.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia-Turkey relations_
6. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017. Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [Russia-United States relations. When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Women in Russia. President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/women-in-russia-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Turkey-United Kingdom relations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/turkey-united-kingdom-relations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
