### [2016-06-27](/news/2016/06/27/index.md)

# United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union:: Peter Altmaier, German Chancellor Angela Merkel-s chief of staff, warns Britain of dire consequences of exit from the European Union, saying in a newspaper interview that UK leaders should not rule out the possibility of another referendum on the same issue. 

German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s chief of staff urged a time-out in Britain’s exit from the European Union, saying in a newspaper interview that U.K. leaders should pause to consider the implications.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36644211?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-26/give-u-k-leaders-time-to-rethink-brexit-vote-merkel-aide-says)
3. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3661258/Bitter-Brexit-losers-gang-scupper-EU-pull-17-million-voted-for.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/26/labour-shadow-cabinet-resignations-jeremy-corbyn-who-has-gone)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-po.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union_
5. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Mayor of London and cabinet member Boris Johnson says that U.S. President Barack Obama is "inconsistent and hypocritical" in persuading the British people to remain in the European Union. ](/news/2016/04/22/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-mayor-of-london-and-cabinet-member-boris-johnson-says-that-u-s-president-barack-obama-is.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-re.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
8. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, European Union_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: The UK may not face a credit rating downgrade if it votes to leave the EU in a referendum due by the end of 2017, according to the lead UK analyst at Moody-s. ](/news/2015/11/22/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-uk-may-not-face-a-credit-rating-downgrade-if-it-votes-to-leave-the-eu-in-a-referendum.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
