### [2016-09-24](/news/2016/09/24/index.md)

# Incumbent Jeremy Corbyn wins the leadership contest over Owen Smith with 61.8% of the vote. 

Jeremy Corbyn and Owen Smith are preparing to find out who has won the Labour leadership election - amid calls for party unity after months of in-fighting.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37449628)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/blog/live/2016/sep/24/labour-leadership-election-result-jeremy-corbyn-owen-smith-appeals-for-unity-politics-live)

### Related:

1. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016_
2. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Owen Smith_
3. [Angela Eagle drops out of the race and announces her endorsement of Owen Smith, the last remaining candidate to challenge incumbent party leader Jeremy Corbyn. ](/news/2016/07/19/angela-eagle-drops-out-of-the-race-and-announces-her-endorsement-of-owen-smith-the-last-remaining-candidate-to-challenge-incumbent-party-le.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016_
4. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn criticises British Prime Minister Theresa May for being complicit with U.S. President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/12/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-criticises-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-for-being-complicit-with-u-s-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
5. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
6. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
7. [The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-become-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
8. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/5/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-under-pressure-from-labour-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-the-foreign-affairs-committee-will-not-ask.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
10. [Labour deputy leader Tom Watson demands party leader Jeremy Corbyn, who opposes PM David Cameron's (Conservative) proposed air strikes on Syria, to ensure MPs are given a free vote on the proposal this Tuesday. ](/news/2015/11/29/labour-deputy-leader-tom-watson-demands-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-who-opposes-pm-david-cameron-s-conservative-proposed-air-strikes-on-sy.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
