### [2016-09-24](/news/2016/09/24/index.md)

# Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Incumbent Jeremy Corbyn wins the leadership contest over Owen Smith with 61.8% of the vote. 

Jeremy Corbyn and Owen Smith are preparing to find out who has won the Labour leadership election - amid calls for party unity after months of in-fighting.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37449628)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/blog/live/2016/sep/24/labour-leadership-election-result-jeremy-corbyn-owen-smith-appeals-for-unity-politics-live)

### Related:

1. [Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/labour-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upc.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016_
2. [Labour Party leadership election, 2016: Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/labour-party-leadership-election-2016-britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-ri.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Owen Smith_
3. [Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Angela Eagle drops out of the race and announces her endorsement of Owen Smith, the last remaining candidate to challenge incumbent party leader Jeremy Corbyn. ](/news/2016/07/19/labour-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-angela-eagle-drops-out-of-the-race-and-announces-her-endorsement-of-owen-smith-the-last-remain.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be -the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster-. ](/news/2017/04/24/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-ele.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
8. [Labour Party (UK) leadership crisis, 2016: The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/labour-party-uk-leadership-crisis-2016-the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-becom.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
9. [Thousands, including some from Australia, protest in London, England, against the renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterrent.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
10. [Military intervention against ISIL: British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/5/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-under-pressure-from-labour-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-the-fore.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
