### [2016-09-24](/news/2016/09/24/index.md)

# The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-37457669)

### Related:

1. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peace-accord-in-cartagen.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono_
2. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono_
3. [The Eastern Bloc of the FARC-EP, a unit of the FARC rebel group, announces its rejection of the recent ceasefire signed by its leader Timoleon Jimenez and the Colombian government of President Juan Manuel Santos, declaring it will not lay down its arms and demobilize and will continue to fight the government. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-eastern-bloc-of-the-farc-ep-a-unit-of-the-farc-rebel-group-announces-its-rejection-of-the-recent-ceasefire-signed-by-its-leader-timole.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, FARC, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono_
4. [The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and the leader of FARC Timoleon Jimenez will announce a deal on justice for crimes committed in the fifty-year-long conflict. ](/news/2015/09/23/the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-and-the-leader-of-farc-timolea3n-jima-c-nez-will-announce-a-deal-on-justice-for-crimes-committed.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos, Rodrigo Londono_
5. [As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc-rebels-the-amnesty.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, FARC_
6. [The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-colombian-conflict.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, FARC_
7. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: Colombian conflict, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Referendum voters in Colombia narrowly fail to ratify a peace deal between the Government of Colombia and FARC. ](/news/2016/10/2/referendum-voters-in-colombia-narrowly-fail-to-ratify-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-of-colombia-and-farc.md) _Context: Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, FARC_
10. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: FARC, Juan Manuel Santos_
