### [2010-11-30](/news/2010/11/30/index.md)

# FIFA controversy:FIFA Vice-President and CAF President Issa Hayatou denies allegations of bribery and threatens to sue the BBC after its ''Panorama'' programme alleges he received bribes from sports marketing firm ISL. 

Fifa Vice-President Issa Hayatou denies bribery claims carried by the BBC and threatens legal action, as World Cup hopefuls for 2018 and 2022 prepare to make their final presentations.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11873907)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/england/8164224/World-Cup-2018-Prime-Minister-David-Cameron-frustrated-by-BBC-documentary-screened-ahead-of-vote.html)
3. [Reuters](http://football.uk.reuters.com/leagues/uk/news/2010/11/27/LDE6AP1YP.php)

### Related:

1. [The BBC ''Panorama'' programme accuses Nicolas Leoz, Issa Hayatou and Ricardo Teixeira, three senior FIFA officials due to vote on the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup bids, of accepting bribes in the 1990s. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-bbc-panorama-programme-accuses-nicola-s-la-c-oz-issa-hayatou-and-ricardo-teixeira-three-senior-fifa-officials-due-to-vote-on-the-201.md) _Context: BBC, FIFA, Issa Hayatou, Panorama_
2. [The BBC documentary series ''Panorama'' airs unseen footage from the 1989 Hillsborough disaster that casts doubt on medical evidence given at the inquest. ](/news/2013/05/20/the-bbc-documentary-series-panorama-airs-unseen-footage-from-the-1989-hillsborough-disaster-that-casts-doubt-on-medical-evidence-given-a.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:BBC says that an edition of ''Panorama'' filmed secretly on a university study trip to North Korea will be broadcast, despite claims by the London School of Economics that students may have been put in danger. ](/news/2013/04/15/2013-korean-crisis-pbbc-says-that-an-edition-of-panorama-filmed-secretly-on-a-university-study-trip-to-north-korea-will-be-broadcast-de.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
4. [The BBC's ''Panorama'' alleges that a company owned by News Corporation recruited a pay-TV "pirate" to hack a rival's secret codes then post the details online. ](/news/2012/03/26/the-bbc-s-panorama-alleges-that-a-company-owned-by-news-corporation-recruited-a-pay-tv-pirate-to-hack-a-rival-s-secret-codes-then-post.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
5. [The BBC apologises to clothing retailer Primark for a ''Panorama'' documentary showing boys in a Bangalore clothing workshop. ](/news/2011/06/16/the-bbc-apologises-to-clothing-retailer-primark-for-a-panorama-documentary-showing-boys-in-a-bangalore-clothing-workshop.md) _Context: BBC, Panorama_
6. [Confederation of African Football (CAF) president Issa Hayatou asks his executive committee to lift sanctions imposed on the Togo national football team following an attack on their team bus ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. ](/news/2010/05/7/confederation-of-african-football-caf-president-issa-hayatou-asks-his-executive-committee-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-the-togo-national-f.md) _Context: CAF, Issa Hayatou_
7. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA_
10. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA_
