### [2010-11-30](/news/2010/11/30/index.md)

# Irish Minister for Justice and Law Reform Dermot Ahern announces he is not to contest his seat in Dail Eireann at the next general election (due in 2011) as he has "a painful medical condition necessitating heavy medication". 

Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern has said that he will not contest his Dáil seat at the next General Election.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/taoiseach-pays-tribute-to-dermot-ahern-2441936.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/1130/ahernd.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-11874589)
4. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/1130/breaking12.html?via=mr)

### Related:

1. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, recently claimed back_
2. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen promises to dissolve Dail Eireann next Tuesday and to announce the date of the Irish general election, 2011. ](/news/2011/01/28/taoiseach-brian-cowen-promises-to-dissolve-da-il-aireann-next-tuesday-and-to-announce-the-date-of-the-irish-general-election-2011.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, recently claimed back_
3. [Situation in Ireland:Minister for Transport Noel Dempsey, Minister for Justice and Law Reform Dermot Ahern and Minister for Defence Tony Killeen all resign following the recent resignations of Minister for Health and Children Mary Harney and Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheal Martin. ](/news/2011/01/20/situation-in-ireland-pminister-for-transport-noel-dempsey-minister-for-justice-and-law-reform-dermot-ahern-and-minister-for-defence-tony-ki.md) _Context: Dermot Ahern, Minister for Justice and Equality_
4. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, recently claimed back_
5. [ Three detainees held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, are sent abroad to two countries. Ireland accepts two detainees of Uzbeki origin in a humanitarian gesture, with Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Dermot Ahern saying Ireland was one of the first countries in Europe to call for the closure of Guantanamo Bay and that the two men would now be given time to rebuild their lives. ](/news/2009/09/26/three-detainees-held-by-the-united-states-at-guanta-namo-bay-in-cuba-are-sent-abroad-to-two-countries-ireland-accepts-two-detainees-of-uz.md) _Context: Dermot Ahern, Minister for Justice and Equality_
6. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
7. [Independent lawmaker Catherine Murphy raises fresh allegations in Ireland's Dail against billionaire Denis O'Brien, prompting criticism over the silence of the country's media (much of it owned by O'Brien). ](/news/2015/05/28/independent-lawmaker-catherine-murphy-raises-fresh-allegations-in-ireland-s-da-il-against-billionaire-denis-o-brien-prompting-criticism-ove.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
8. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Government sources claim white powder in an envelope and possibly a swastika have been sent to the home of the Irish Minister for Justice and Equality Alan Shatter, who is embroiled in multiple political controversies. An army bomb disposal unit has moved in on Shatter's estate in Ballinteer, Dublin. ](/news/2014/04/2/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pgovernment-sources-claim-white-powder-in-an-envelope-and-possibly-a-swastika-have-been-sent-to-the-home-of-the.md) _Context: Minister for Justice and Equality_
9. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
10. [John Logue, President of the Union of Students in Ireland, is arrested and taken from Dail Eireann in handcuffs after turning his back on legislators while peacefully protesting against budget cuts. ](/news/2012/11/14/john-logue-president-of-the-union-of-students-in-ireland-is-arrested-and-taken-from-da-il-aireann-in-handcuffs-after-turning-his-back-on.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
