### [2010-11-30](/news/2010/11/30/index.md)

# There is a row in the European Parliament as French and German MEPs attack Ireland's 12.5% corporate tax rate. 

A row has broken out in the European Parliament over Ireland&#39;s 12.5% corporate tax rate.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/1130/eu_economy.html)

### Related:

1. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
2. [Former United Kingdom Independence Party Member of the European Parliament Ashley Mote is jailed for 5 years for fraudulently claiming almost GBP500k in European Parliament expenses. ](/news/2015/07/13/former-united-kingdom-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-ashley-mote-is-jailed-for-5-years-for-fraudulently-claiming-almos.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
3. [ A further three British Conservative MEPs (Robert Atkins, Sajjad Karim, and John Purvis) are facing allegations of financial abuse, following the resignation of two fellow members from European Parliament positions last week. ](/news/2008/06/9/a-further-three-british-conservative-meps-robert-atkins-sajjad-karim-and-john-purvis-are-facing-allegations-of-financial-abuse-followi.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
4. [ The European Parliament far right bloc, Identity, Tradition, Sovereignty, collapses after five Romanian MEPs resign following Alessandra Mussolini's claim that Romanians are "habitual law-breakers". ](/news/2007/11/14/the-european-parliament-far-right-bloc-identity-tradition-sovereignty-collapses-after-five-romanian-meps-resign-following-alessandra-mu.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
5. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
6. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament_
7. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [President of the European Parliament. Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/president-of-the-european-parliament-antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: European Parliament_
