### [2015-04-12](/news/2015/04/12/index.md)

# Japanese unified local elections, 2015. The Liberal Democratic Party wins most of the major local and prefectural contests, including all ten governorships at stake. 

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s Liberal Democratic Party cruised to victory in Japan’s local elections, as voter turnout likely remained at record-low levels throughout the country.


### Source:

1. [Nikkei](http://www.nikkei.com/article/DGXLASFS12H25_S5A410C1MM8000/)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/abes-liberal-democratic-party-prevails-in-japans-local-elections-1428842615)

### Related:

1. [Tokyo, Japan, gubernatorial election, 2016. Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/tokyo-japan-gubernatorial-election-2016-yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-electe.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
2. [Japanese House of Councillors election, 2016. Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/japanese-house-of-councillors-election-2016-voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partn.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
3. [Japanese House of Representatives by-elections, 2016: By-elections were held for two seats controlled by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. [http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/04/24/national/politics-diplomacy/voting-under-way-for-lower-house-seats-in-hokkaido-kyoto/ ("Japan Times")]. Hokkaido 5th district by-election, 2016: LDP candidate Yoshiaki Wada staved off the competition from independent candidate Maki Ikeda. Despite the LDP's winning margin decreasing from 14% (in 2014) to 2%, this win is seen as a boost for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the upcoming upper house election.. Kyoto 3rd district by-election, 2016: The newly formed Democratic Party wrested back the seat from the LDP after their candidate and former MP for the district Kenta Izumi won by a landslide.](/news/2016/04/24/japanese-house-of-representatives-by-elections-2016-by-elections-were-held-for-two-seats-controlled-by-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
4. [Japanese general election, 2014. Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-general-election-2014-japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
5. [Japanese general election, 2012:. Japanese voters go to the polls for a general election, with the opposition Liberal Democratic Party led by former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe poised to win a majority. ](/news/2012/12/16/japanese-general-election-2012-japanese-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-opposition-liberal-democratic-party-led-b.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
6. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House. A general election is scheduled for December 16. ](/news/2012/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-he-will-dissolve-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-diet-on-friday-after-the-ruling-dpj-go.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
7. [Former Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe is elected the leader of the opposition Liberal Democratic Party. ](/news/2012/09/26/former-japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-is-elected-the-leader-of-the-opposition-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
8. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces that the ruling Democratic Party of Japan has reached an agreement with the opposition Liberal Democratic and New Komeito parties to pass a bill that will raise Japan's consumption tax rate. This will "shortly" be followed by dissolution of the Diet and a snap election, although no timetable has been set. ](/news/2012/08/8/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-that-the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-has-reached-an-agreement-with-the-opposition-libe.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
9. [South Korea bans three Japanese lawmakers all from the Liberal Democratic Party due to an assertion of Japanese sovereignty over the Liancourt Rocks. ](/news/2011/08/1/south-korea-bans-three-japanese-lawmakers-all-from-the-liberal-democratic-party-due-to-an-assertion-of-japanese-sovereignty-over-the-liancou.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
10. [ Japan's Prime Minister-elect Yukio Hatoyama proposes a 25% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, up from 8% by the outgoing administration. ](/news/2009/09/7/japan-s-prime-minister-elect-yukio-hatoyama-proposes-a-25-cut-in-greenhouse-gas-emissions-by-2020-up-from-8-by-the-outgoing-administrati.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
