### [2001-08-2](/news/2001/08/2/index.md)

#  Robert Mueller confirmed as the new FBI director.




### Related:

1. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
2. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
3. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
4. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
5. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [The US FBI arrests three alleged Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spies working in the United States. The three men sought secrets about US economic plans and proposed sanctions against Moscow. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-fbi-arrests-three-alleged-russian-foreign-intelligence-service-spies-working-in-the-united-states-the-three-men-sought-secrets-about.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [The FBI launches a probe into a massive hacking attack on Sony Pictures, believing the leadership of North Korea to be responsible. ](/news/2014/12/2/the-fbi-launches-a-probe-into-a-massive-hacking-attack-on-sony-pictures-believing-the-leadership-of-north-korea-to-be-responsible.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [The FBI announces that it is investigating the major iCloud leak that exposed nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and Ariana Grande, among others. ](/news/2014/09/2/the-fbi-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-major-icloud-leak-that-exposed-nude-photos-of-jennifer-lawrence-kate-upton-and-ariana-grande.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [United States special operations forces, in coordination with the FBI, captured Ahmed Abu Khattala, one of the suspected leaders of the Benghazi attack, on the weekend of June 14 to June 15, 2014, in a covert mission in Libya. ](/news/2014/06/17/united-states-special-operations-forces-in-coordination-with-the-fbi-captured-ahmed-abu-khattala-one-of-the-suspected-leaders-of-the-beng.md) _Context: FBI_
