### [2017-04-1](/news/2017/04/1/index.md)

# Venezuela's Supreme Court reverses their controversial ruling. The court restores legislative power to the National Assembly. However, the court's decision still allows President Nicolas Maduro to enter joint-venture deals. 

The latest court ruling replaces a previous decision that appeared to completely neuter the National Assembly.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-39468045)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/denounced-as-a-dictatorship-venezuela-backs-down-reverses-court-ruling/2017/04/01/88451da8-1659-11e7-bb16-269934184168_story.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/184A3/production/_95419499_mediaitem95419498.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: 2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly, National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Court_
2. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leaving.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Court_
3. [Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-of-socialist-president-nicola-s.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
4. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
5. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office-from-six-to-four-years-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Court_
6. [Venezuela's National Assembly, responding to last month's Central Bank of Venezuela report that the country experienced a 180.9 percent inflation increase in 2015, passes legislation, "The Law of Bonds for Food and Medicine for Retirees and Pensioners", that could make it easier for pensioners and retirees to pay for food and medicine. The approved bill has been forwarded for President Nicolas Maduro's signature. ](/news/2016/03/31/venezuela-s-national-assembly-responding-to-last-month-s-central-bank-of-venezuela-report-that-the-country-experienced-a-180-9-percent-infl.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
7. [The Venezuelan Supreme Court bars four incoming lawmakers (three from the opposition and one from the ruling Socialist party) from taking office, putting the opposition's two-thirds legislative "supermajority" at risk, won via a landslide victory in the December 6 election by just one seat. The court is yet to specify the quorum for the new House, which would determine the number of seats needed for a two-thirds majority. The new National Assembly convenes Tuesday. ](/news/2015/12/31/the-venezuelan-supreme-court-bars-four-incoming-lawmakers-three-from-the-opposition-and-one-from-the-ruling-socialist-party-from-taking-of.md) _Context: National Assembly, Supreme Court_
8. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
9. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
10. [Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripano-attack-a-venezuelan-army-base-near-v.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
