### [2003-12-3](/news/2003/12/3/index.md)

#  In Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters who want France to withdraw its 3,800 peacekeepers so that the Christian and animist government of President Laurent Gbagbo in the south can march against Muslim rebel-held areas in the north. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/3257264.stm][http://www.iht.com/articles/119994.html]




### Related:

1. [State television in Cte d'Ivoire goes off the air outside the capital Abidjan amid a political crisis. The Economic Community of West African States threatens to remove incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo by "legitimate force". ](/news/2010/12/24/state-television-in-cote-d-ivoire-goes-off-the-air-outside-the-capital-abidjan-amid-a-political-crisis-the-economic-community-of-west-afric.md) _Context: Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
2. [ 2005 Paris riots continue for the fifth consecutive night, sparked by the death of two Muslim youths from electric shock. The controversy caused by police firing tear gas into a mosque on Sunday night led to families of the dead youths pulling out of a meeting with the French Minister of the Interior Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2005/11/1/2005-paris-riots-continue-for-the-fifth-consecutive-night-sparked-by-the-death-of-two-muslim-youths-from-electric-shock-the-controversy-c.md) _Context: France, Muslim, tear gas_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
4. [United States President Barack Obama, in Antalya, Turkey, says America will continue to accept refugees from Syria and elsewhere, though, "Only after subjecting them to rigorous screening and security checks." Responding to calls to admit Christians but not Muslims into the country, he said, "We don't have religious tests to our compassion." ](/news/2015/11/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-in-antalya-turkey-says-america-will-continue-to-accept-refugees-from-syria-and-elsewhere-though-o.md) _Context: Christian, Muslim_
5. [Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/12/5/former-cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
6. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
7. [Dozens of people are killed in fighting between the National Armed Forces of Cote d'Ivoire and forces loyal to former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/05/3/dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-fighting-between-the-national-armed-forces-of-ca-te-d-ivoire-and-forces-loyal-to-former-president-of-the-ivor.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
8. [Forces loyal to Laurent Gbagbo regain ground in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/04/9/forces-loyal-to-laurent-gbagbo-regain-ground-in-abidjan.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
9. [Forces loyal to Alassane Ouattara claim to have captured Laurent Gbagbo's Presidential Palace in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/04/5/forces-loyal-to-alassane-ouattara-claim-to-have-captured-laurent-gbagbo-s-presidential-palace-in-abidjan.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
10. [Laurent Gbagbo is captured and arrested in Abidjan. Gbagbo has been reportedly taken to the headquarters of Alassane Ouattara. French reports claim he was captured by Ouattara supporters while contradictory reports suggest he was captured by French special forces. ](/news/2011/04/11/laurent-gbagbo-is-captured-and-arrested-in-abidjan-gbagbo-has-been-reportedly-taken-to-the-headquarters-of-alassane-ouattara-french-report.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
