### [2003-12-3](/news/2003/12/3/index.md)

# In Kassel, Germany, the trial of Armin Meiwes begins. He is charged with killing and eating Bernd-Jrgen Brandes who was one of 200 people who replied to an Internet advertisement for "a well-built male prepared to be slaughtered and then consumed". The whole episode was videotaped. The case is legally difficult as cannibalism is not explicitly prohibited by the German penal code, and the defence argues that as the victim was willing, no murder took place. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3286721.stm]




### Related:

1. [ In Germany, Armin Meiwes appeals for the reduction his sentence of eight years for cannibalism. His defense says that the killing was a mercy killing, eligible only for five years. State prosecutors appeal as well so he could retried for murder. ](/news/2005/04/13/in-germany-armin-meiwes-appeals-for-the-reduction-his-sentence-of-eight-years-for-cannibalism-his-defense-says-that-the-killing-was-a-mer.md) _Context: Armin Meiwes, Germany, eat_
2. [ Archaeologists discover evidence of mass cannibalism in Europe during the Neolithic period at a 7,000-year-old burial site in Germany. ](/news/2009/12/6/archaeologists-discover-evidence-of-mass-cannibalism-in-europe-during-the-neolithic-period-at-a-7-000-year-old-burial-site-in-germany.md) _Context: Germany, eat_
3. [ A German court orders a retrial in the case of Armin Meiwes, who was jailed in 2004 for eight years for killing and eating a man (with the man's supposed consent). ](/news/2005/04/22/a-german-court-orders-a-retrial-in-the-case-of-armin-meiwes-who-was-jailed-in-2004-for-eight-years-for-killing-and-eating-a-man-with-the.md) _Context: Armin Meiwes, Germany_
4. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
5. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
6. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-killed-and-461-injured.md) _Context: Germany_
