### [2003-12-3](/news/2003/12/3/index.md)

# The Russian government backtracks on statements made the previous day on the Kyoto Protocol, saying it is still considering ratification. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/3288683.stm]




### Related:

1. [ Andrei Illarionov, economic advisor to President Vladimir Putin, indicates Russia will not ratify the Kyoto Protocol in its current form, a decision that would kill the accord. Some observers speculate that this is purely domestic posturing for forthcoming elections. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/3256604.stm]](/news/2003/12/2/andrei-illarionov-economic-advisor-to-president-vladimir-putin-indicates-russia-will-not-ratify-the-kyoto-protocol-in-its-current-form-a.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol, Russia_
2. [The Inuit Circumpolar Conference says it hopes to petition the inter-American human rights system to rule that Inuit basic rights are being violated by global warming. They claim that the greenhouse effect, exacerbated by the failure of Russia and the USA to sign the Kyoto Protocol, will lead to the destruction of their way of life. ](/news/2003/12/11/the-inuit-circumpolar-conference-says-it-hopes-to-petition-the-inter-american-human-rights-system-to-rule-that-inuit-basic-rights-are-being.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol, Russia_
3. [At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
4. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula,  west of the  Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of  casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny is formally barred by the Central Election Commission from his running in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2017/06/23/russian-opposition-leader-alexei-navalny-is-formally-barred-by-the-central-election-commission-from-his-running-in-next-year-s-presidential.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-s-gay-propaganda-law-encourages-homophobia-reinforces-prejudice-and-violates-the-right.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Russia_
