### [2003-12-3](/news/2003/12/3/index.md)

# Two media figures are sentenced to life imprisonment by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda for fueling the 1994 Rwanda genocide; a third receives a 35-year prison term. 




### Related:

1. [Myanmar's Thein Sein and the Philippines' Benigno Aquino III ink trade agreements including those that involve renewable energy, mass media, and visa-free travel. ](/news/2013/12/5/myanmar-s-thein-sein-and-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-ink-trade-agreements-including-those-that-involve-renewable-energy-mass-media.md) _Context: mass media_
2. [Papal conclave, 2013: The Brazilian Conference of Bishops (the largest such conference in the world) officially advises the cardinals of Brazil in the conclave explicitly to ask the mass media to print supportive articles on the Archbishop of SGBPo Paulo, Cardinal Odilo Scherer. ](/news/2013/03/6/papal-conclave-2013-the-brazilian-conference-of-bishops-the-largest-such-conference-in-the-world-officially-advises-the-cardinals-of-bra.md) _Context: mass media_
3. [The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda passes judgement on six suspects in relation to massacres in the former Butare Province including Pauline Nyiramasuhuko, former Minister for Family and Women Affairs with Nyiramasuhuko receiving a life sentence. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-passes-judgement-on-six-suspects-in-relation-to-massacres-in-the-former-butare-province-inclu.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda_
4. [Former Rwandan administrator Dominique Ntawukulilyayo is given a 25-year sentence of imprisonment by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda after being convicted of the transportation of soldiers during the Rwandan Genocide. ](/news/2010/08/3/former-rwandan-administrator-dominique-ntawukulilyayo-is-given-a-25-year-sentence-of-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda_
5. [Jwani Mwaikusa, a senior Tanzanian defence lawyer at the United Nations-backed tribunal for Rwanda, is fatally shot outside his home in Dar es Salaam. His nephew and neighbour are also killed. ](/news/2010/07/15/jwani-mwaikusa-a-senior-tanzanian-defence-lawyer-at-the-united-nations-backed-tribunal-for-rwanda-is-fatally-shot-outside-his-home-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda_
6. [The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) jails Lieut-Col Eprem Setako, the Ministry of Defence's former head of legal affairs, for 25 years after finding him guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-jails-lieut-col-eprem-setako-the-ministry-of-defence-s-former-head-of-legal-affairs.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda_
7. [ Democratic Republic of Congo transfers Grgoire Ndahimana to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) to stand trial for the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide. ](/news/2009/09/20/democratic-republic-of-congo-transfers-gregoire-ndahimana-to-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-to-stand-trial-for-the-m.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda_
8. [ American media companies Time Warner and AOL terminate their merger. ](/news/2009/05/29/american-media-companies-time-warner-and-aol-terminate-their-merger.md) _Context: mass media_
9. [ Mass media in Fiji protest against government censorship. ](/news/2009/04/13/mass-media-in-fiji-protest-against-government-censorship.md) _Context: mass media_
10. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda finds Thoneste Bagosora guilty of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes and sentences him to life imprisonment. ](/news/2008/12/18/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-finds-theoneste-bagosora-guilty-of-genocide-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-and-sent.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda_
