### [2003-03-27](/news/2003/03/27/index.md)

#  SARS: The World Health Organization recommended that passengers flying from places where SARS outbreaks have occurred should be screened before being allowed on flights. These places included China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, and the city of Toronto.




### Related:

1. [ The World Health Organization announces that SARS has peaked in all affected countries except the People's Republic of China. These countries include Canada, Singapore, and Vietnam, as well as Hong Kong.[http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20030428.wsars0428/BNStory/International ]date=September 2015](/news/2003/04/28/the-world-health-organization-announces-that-sars-has-peaked-in-all-affected-countries-except-the-people-s-republic-of-china-these-countri.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam, World Health Organization_
2. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-whol.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Singapore, Vietnam_
3. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Singapore, Toronto_
4. [ Hong Kong health officials say that spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome may mean it is going to be around for a while. World Health Organization officials are cautiously optimistic that it can be contained.,](/news/2003/04/8/hong-kong-health-officials-say-that-spread-of-severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-may-mean-it-is-going-to-be-around-for-a-while-world-health.md) _Context: Hong Kong, SARS, World Health Organization_
5. [ The World Health Organization lifts the SARS travel warning for Toronto.](/news/2003/04/29/the-world-health-organization-lifts-the-sars-travel-warning-for-toronto.md) _Context: SARS, Toronto, World Health Organization_
6. [ The World Health Organization issues warnings about an atypical pneumonia of unknown cause, dubbed severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). It was first found in Asia and appears to have originated in Hong Kong. There are fears that unless measures are taken to control SARS, it may become epidemic.](/news/2003/03/15/the-world-health-organization-issues-warnings-about-an-atypical-pneumonia-of-unknown-cause-dubbed-severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-sars.md) _Context: Hong Kong, SARS, World Health Organization_
7. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: Singapore, World Health Organization_
8. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: Hong Kong, World Health Organization_
9. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Singapore, Vietnam_
10. [A major search operation is underway for the "Sunrise-689", a Vietnamese vessel carrying 18 crew members and 5,226 tonnes of oil which lost both radio and radar contact on October 3 40 minutes after its departure from Singapore. ](/news/2014/10/7/a-major-search-operation-is-underway-for-the-sunrise-689-a-vietnamese-vessel-carrying-18-crew-members-and-5-226-tonnes-of-oil-which-lost.md) _Context: Singapore, Vietnam_
