### [2004-10-30](/news/2004/10/30/index.md)

#  Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi indicates that he will likely withdraw the controversial nomination of Rocco Buttiglione to the European Union Commission which caused deadlock in the European Parliament this week. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3966983.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Patrizia D'Addario, the escort at the centre of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's sex scandal, claims he and his party offered her a seat in the European Parliament until his wife complained. ](/news/2009/07/31/patrizia-d-addario-the-escort-at-the-centre-of-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-s-sex-scandal-claims-he-and-his-party-offered-her.md) _Context: European Parliament, Silvio Berlusconi_
2. [ European Parliament lawmakers urge European Commission president Jos Manuel Barroso to suspend Transport Commissioner Jacques Barrot, after it was revealed that Barrot was involved in a party funding scandal in 2000. ](/news/2004/11/22/european-parliament-lawmakers-urge-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to-suspend-transport-commissioner-jacques-barrot-afte.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
3. [ The European Parliament approves the new make-up of the European Commission, headed by Jose Manuel Barroso. ](/news/2004/11/18/the-european-parliament-approves-the-new-make-up-of-the-european-commission-headed-by-josa-c-manuel-barroso.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
4. [ A vote by the European Parliament over the approval of the new European Commission has been delayed, after incoming president Jose Manuel Barroso asks for more time to reshuffle his team. ](/news/2004/10/27/a-vote-by-the-european-parliament-over-the-approval-of-the-new-european-commission-has-been-delayed-after-incoming-president-josa-c-manuel.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
5. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
6. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrainians-visa-free-travel-to-the-europea.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
