### [2012-11-30](/news/2012/11/30/index.md)

# An Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane belonging to Aero-Service, flying from Pointe Noire to Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, crashes into houses near Maya-Maya Airport during a thunderstorm. Congolese Red Cross officials say at least 32 people are confirmed dead in the crash, including six crew members and a police officer on board, as the search for victims continues. 

A cargo plane crashed into houses near Brazzaville Maya-Maya airport while attempting to land in a thunderstorm on Friday, killing at least 32 people, a Congolese Red Cross official said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20563655)
2. [BNO News](http://www.bnowire.com/?p=1031)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/01/us-congo-republic-crash-idUSBRE8B006720121201)
4. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/breaking-news/plane-crashes-houses-in-congo-killing-30/story-fn3dxix6-1226527884699)

### Related:

1. [At least 60 people are killed and hundreds disappear after a derailed train plunges into a ravine in the Republic of the Congo. The accident happened after the train left the coastal town of Pointe-Noire on the Chemin de Fer Congo Ocean (CFCO) line to the capital Brazzaville. ](/news/2010/06/22/at-least-60-people-are-killed-and-hundreds-disappear-after-a-derailed-train-plunges-into-a-ravine-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-the-accident.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Pointe Noire, Republic of the Congo_
2. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo_
3. [2012 Brazzaville arms dump blasts: A series of explosions is reported at a munitions dump in Brazzaville, the capital of the Republic of the Congo, with at least 250 people dead. ](/news/2012/03/4/2012-brazzaville-arms-dump-blasts-a-series-of-explosions-is-reported-at-a-munitions-dump-in-brazzaville-the-capital-of-the-republic-of-the.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo_
4. [2011 Pointe-Noire Trans Air Congo An-12 crash: At least twenty-three people die after a cargo plane crashes into Pointe-Noire in the Republic of Congo. ](/news/2011/03/21/2011-pointe-noire-trans-air-congo-an-12-crash-at-least-twenty-three-people-die-after-a-cargo-plane-crashes-into-pointe-noire-in-the-republi.md) _Context: Pointe Noire, cargo plane_
5. [ Former Republic of the Congo rebel leader Pastor Ntumi returns to Brazzaville to take up a post as a junior minister. ](/news/2007/09/10/former-republic-of-the-congo-rebel-leader-pastor-ntumi-returns-to-brazzaville-to-take-up-a-post-as-a-junior-minister.md) _Context: Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo_
6. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Republic of the Congo return to the polls for the second round of an election for 139 National Assembly members, after the governing Congolese Party of Labour won 70 seats in the first round two weeks earlier. ](/news/2017/07/30/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-an-elect.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
7. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Republic of the Congo participate in the first round of an election of National Assembly members. ](/news/2017/07/16/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-participate-in-the-first-round-of-an-election-of-nat.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
8. [Dozens of tornadoes spawned by thunderstorms touch down in the American Midwest, damaging or destroying numerous homes and businesses and causing some injuries. The Johnson County Executive Airport in Olathe, Kansas is closed following heavy damage caused by the severe weather. ](/news/2017/03/7/dozens-of-tornadoes-spawned-by-thunderstorms-touch-down-in-the-american-midwest-damaging-or-destroying-numerous-homes-and-businesses-and-ca.md) _Context: thunderstorm_
9. [A wildfire destroys almost the entire town of Santa Olga in Chile's central Maule Region as a Russian firefighting Ilyushin Il-76 arrives to help fight the worst wildfire in Chile's modern history. ](/news/2017/01/27/a-wildfire-destroys-almost-the-entire-town-of-santa-olga-in-chile-s-central-maule-region-as-a-russian-firefighting-ilyushin-il-76-arrives-to.md) _Context: Ilyushin Il-76_
10. [2016 North Korean floods: The Red Cross warns that North Korea faces a "major, complex disaster" after recent floods kill scores of people and leave more than 100,000 homeless. ](/news/2016/09/13/2016-north-korean-floods-the-red-cross-warns-that-north-korea-faces-a-major-complex-disaster-after-recent-floods-kill-scores-of-people-a.md) _Context: Red Cross_
