### [2012-11-30](/news/2012/11/30/index.md)

# An unpublished list compiled by Mexico's Attorney General's Office is leaked showing that more than 25,000 people disappeared in Mexico's drug war, placing the probable death toll of the six-year conflict at around 100,000 deaths. 

Mexico&#039;s Attorney General has compiled a list showing that more than 25,000 adults and children have gone missing in Mexico in the past six years, according to unpublished government documents.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/mexico-more-than-25000-people-disappear-in-six-years-8372482.html)

### Related:

1. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
2. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
3. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
4. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by ''Rolling Stone'' magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october-meeting-and-inter.md) _Context: Attorney General of Mexico, Mexican Drug War_
6. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Army soldiers kill 22 criminals in a shootout at a warehouse in the town of Tlatlaya in central Mexico. ](/news/2014/06/30/mexican-army-soldiers-kill-22-criminals-in-a-shootout-at-a-warehouse-in-the-town-of-tlatlaya-in-central-mexico.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War:Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa.  ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-pgalindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kille.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War:Shootings erupt over the weekend in three Mexican cities (Cuernavaca, Fresnillo, Monterrey) where drug gangs are fighting turf battles, killing at least nine people and wounding six more. ](/news/2013/09/29/mexican-drug-war-pshootings-erupt-over-the-weekend-in-three-mexican-cities-cuernavaca-fresnillo-monterrey-where-drug-gangs-are-fighting.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War:The Mexican police find 9 mutilated bodies inside a SUV with Texas license plates in the northern state of Tamaulipas, Mexico. ](/news/2013/04/2/mexican-drug-war-pthe-mexican-police-find-9-mutilated-bodies-inside-a-suv-with-texas-license-plates-in-the-northern-state-of-tamaulipas-mex.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
