### [2012-11-30](/news/2012/11/30/index.md)

# Following Israel's recent assault on Gaza, some footballers sign a letter of condemnation against plans to hold the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship in Israel next summer; among the signatories are Eden Hazard, Abou Diaby, Papiss Cisse, Cheick Tiote, Sylvain Marveaux, Yohan Cabaye, Demba Ba, Didier Drogba and Frederic Kanoute. 

 SOCCER: Footballers in major European leagues have condemned plans to hold the Under-21 European championship in Israel next&hellip;


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://soccernet.espn.go.com/news/story/_/id/1246310/didier-drogba-among-stars-declaring-support-for-palestine)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/sport/2012/1201/1224327341829.html)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/news/9715577/Premier-League-players-call-on-Uefa-to-remove-Israel-as-European-U-21-hosts.html)

### Related:

1. [Gaza-Israel conflict:Two rockets fired from Gaza strip land in Sderot, Israel, in violation of the ceasefire brokered after the eight-day conflict in November 2012. ](/news/2013/03/21/gazaaisrael-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-gaza-strip-land-in-sderot-israel-in-violation-of-the-ceasefire-brokered-after-the-eight-day.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, eight-day conflict_
2. [Operation Pillar of Defense:Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-pisraeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, eight-day conflict_
3. [Operation Pillar of Defense:An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-pan-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlies.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, eight-day conflict_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
5. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
