### [2012-11-30](/news/2012/11/30/index.md)

# The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. 

Labour retain Croydon North, Middlesbrough and Rotherham in by-elections, with UKIP enjoying a good night and the Lib Dems a poor one.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20541136)

### Related:

1. [Three by-elections are held in the United Kingdom, in Croydon North, Middlesbrough and Rotherham. ](/news/2012/11/29/three-by-elections-are-held-in-the-united-kingdom-in-croydon-north-middlesbrough-and-rotherham.md) _Context: Croydon North, Middlesbrough, Rotherham, United Kingdom, by-election_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats, UK Independence Party, United Kingdom_
3. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
4. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
5. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour Party, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
6. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, UK Independence Party_
7. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
8. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-presults-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the-c.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour Party, Liberal Democrats_
9. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
10. [In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. ](/news/2011/04/24/in-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-energy-and-climate-change-chris-huhne-of-liberal-democrats-threatens-legal-action-over-untrut.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
