### [2014-09-21](/news/2014/09/21/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. Tens of thousands of Kurds flee into Turkey ahead of an ISIL offensive. 

Tens of thousands of Syrian Kurds have flooded into Turkey, prompting an appeal for international intervention.


### Source:

1. [AFP, ''New York Times'' via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/thousands-of-syrian-kurds-flee-isil-onslaught-20140921-10jw9v.html)

### Related:

1. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq. Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
2. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey_
3. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
4. [2016 Turkish purges. Turkish authorities remove two dozen elected Kurdish mayors in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2016/09/12/2016-turkish-purges-turkish-authorities-remove-two-dozen-elected-kurdish-mayors-in-southeast-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Suspected Kurdish militants fire rockets at Diyarbakir Airport in Diyarbakir, Turkey. ](/news/2016/08/27/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-suspected-kurdish-militants-fire-rockets-at-diyarbaka-r-airport-in-diyarbaka-r-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
6. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey_
7. [ Kurdish-Turkish conflict. Three Turkish soldiers are killed and 14 others wounded in an armed attack by Kurdish militants during a military operation in the town of Nusaybin, Turkey. ](/news/2016/05/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-three-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-and-14-others-wounded-in-an-armed-attack-by-kurdish-militants-during-a-milita.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Kurdish parties in northern Syria declare the establishment of a federal system in areas they control. Turkey and the United States had warned this risks further destabilizing the already war-ravaged country. The move was criticized by the government of Syria. ](/news/2016/03/17/syrian-civil-war-kurdish-parties-in-northern-syria-declare-the-establishment-of-a-federal-system-in-areas-they-control-turkey-and-the-unit.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
9. [2015 PKK rebellion. Clashes continue between PKK militants and Turkish Army troops in the Kurdish-majority city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey. At least one Turkish soldier is killed and several are wounded in a bomb attack. ](/news/2015/12/23/2015-pkk-rebellion-clashes-continue-between-pkk-militants-and-turkish-army-troops-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-diyarbaka-r-in-southeaste.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
10. [2015 PKK rebellion. Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/2015-pkk-rebellion-fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-major.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkey_
