### [2014-09-21](/news/2014/09/21/index.md)

# More than 26,000 people in Moscow participate in the largest demonstration so far against Russian president Vladimir Putin and the War in Donbass. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-antiwar-marches-ukraine/26597971.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29300213)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Moscow, Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
2. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
3. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Moscow, Vladimir Putin_
4. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Moscow, War in Donbass_
5. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, Vladimir Putin_
6. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Moscow, Vladimir Putin_
7. [The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to-imp.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
8. [The President of Russia Vladimir Putin announces the third peace agreement. ](/news/2015/02/12/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-announces-the-third-peace-agreement.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
9. [A court in Moscow hands down a {{frac|3|1|2}}-year suspended sentence for corruption to Alexei Navalny, a prominent anti-Putin activist. ](/news/2014/12/30/a-court-in-moscow-hands-down-a-frac-3-1-2-year-suspended-sentence-for-corruption-to-alexei-navalny-a-prominent-anti-putin-activist.md) _Context: Moscow, Vladimir Putin_
10. [War in Donbass:Igor Girkin, a Russian citizen from Moscow and military commander of the Donetsk People's Republic rebellion, resigns, making it the third change at top of the rebel leadership of the past week. ](/news/2014/08/14/war-in-donbass-pigor-girkin-a-russian-citizen-from-moscow-and-military-commander-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-rebellion-resigns-makin.md) _Context: Moscow, War in Donbass_
