### [2004-01-31](/news/2004/01/31/index.md)

#  British Airways and Air France cancel five upcoming US flights to Washington, D.C. and Miami, Florida amid fears of targeting by Al-Qaida.




### Related:

1. [The European Commission finds that Qantas, British Airways, Air France, Japan Airlines and seven other carriers fixed the price of air cargo between 1999 and 2006 and fines each airline involved millions of euros. ](/news/2010/11/9/the-european-commission-finds-that-qantas-british-airways-air-france-japan-airlines-and-seven-other-carriers-fixed-the-price-of-air-cargo.md) _Context: Air France, British Airways_
2. [ The final flight of an Air France Concorde takes place, landing at Charles de Gaulle Airport. British Airways plans to retire its Concorde fleet at the end of October.](/news/2003/05/31/the-final-flight-of-an-air-france-concorde-takes-place-landing-at-charles-de-gaulle-airport-british-airways-plans-to-retire-its-concorde.md) _Context: Air France, British Airways_
3. [ British Airways and Air France simultaneously announce that they will retire the supersonic Concorde aircraft. Passenger numbers had never recovered following a crash that killed 113 in 2000. In response, Sir Richard Branson offers to buy British Airways' Concordes for GBP1 for the use of his Virgin Atlantic Airlines. BA dismisses the offer as a stunt and indicates that the planes will go to air museums.](/news/2003/04/10/british-airways-and-air-france-simultaneously-announce-that-they-will-retire-the-supersonic-concorde-aircraft-passenger-numbers-had-never.md) _Context: Air France, British Airways_
4. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
5. [A British Airways airplane is evacuated at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport after it is verbally threatened. After a search, it is declared safe. ](/news/2017/09/17/a-british-airways-airplane-is-evacuated-at-paris-charles-de-gaulle-airport-after-it-is-verbally-threatened-after-a-search-it-is-declared-s.md) _Context: British Airways_
6. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
7. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
8. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
9. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
