### [2004-01-31](/news/2004/01/31/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China puts poultry export bans on three more areas after a World Health Organization warning that the chance of controlling the Avian flu outbreak is slipping. A new SARS case is confirmed in Guangdong province.




### Related:

1. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
2. [A new strain of bird flu caused by the H5N8 virus is identified in a backyard poultry flock in Whitley County, Indiana, in the United States. ](/news/2015/05/11/a-new-strain-of-bird-flu-caused-by-the-h5n8-virus-is-identified-in-a-backyard-poultry-flock-in-whitley-county-indiana-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
3. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-whol.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
4. [ The World Health Organization is investigating several bird flu deaths for a possible person-to-person transmission chain. ](/news/2006/05/24/the-world-health-organization-is-investigating-several-bird-flu-deaths-for-a-possible-person-to-person-transmission-chain.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
5. [ China closes all Beijing poultry markets. Authorities ordered all live poultry markets in China's capital to close immediately and went door-to-door seizing chickens and ducks from private homes, as the government dramatically ramped up its fight against avian influenza today. ](/news/2005/11/7/china-closes-all-beijing-poultry-markets-authorities-ordered-all-live-poultry-markets-in-china-s-capital-to-close-immediately-and-went-doo.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
6. [ A mystery illness spreading through Western China has claimed its 17th victim. Doctors have confirmed the disease is neither bird flu nor SARS ](/news/2005/07/25/a-mystery-illness-spreading-through-western-china-has-claimed-its-17th-victim-doctors-have-confirmed-the-disease-is-neither-bird-flu-nor-s.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, SARS_
7. [ In a conference organized by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, officials urge changes to be made in how poultry are raised in Southeast Asia to prevent a bird flu pandemic. ](/news/2005/02/26/in-a-conference-organized-by-the-un-food-and-agriculture-organization-officials-urge-changes-to-be-made-in-how-poultry-are-raised-in-south.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
8. [ WHO warns that there is a potential threat of a bird flu pandemic ](/news/2005/02/23/who-warns-that-there-is-a-potential-threat-of-a-bird-flu-pandemic.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
9. [ Hong Kong health officials say that spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome may mean it is going to be around for a while. World Health Organization officials are cautiously optimistic that it can be contained.,](/news/2003/04/8/hong-kong-health-officials-say-that-spread-of-severe-acute-respiratory-syndrome-may-mean-it-is-going-to-be-around-for-a-while-world-health.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
10. [ The World Health Organization lifts the SARS travel warning for Toronto.](/news/2003/04/29/the-world-health-organization-lifts-the-sars-travel-warning-for-toronto.md) _Context: SARS, World Health Organization_
