### [2005-12-21](/news/2005/12/21/index.md)

#  2005 Kashmir earthquake. SOS Children's Villages field workers report a rapid deterioration in weather conditions and increase in weather-related death. 64 more children believed orphaned have been taken into emergency care this week. 




### Source:

1. [SOS](http://www.soschildrensvillages.org.uk/charity-news/pakistan-earthquake-21-dec.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children report gastroenteritis, pneumonia and bronchitis rife in emergency camps as landslides block route to Muzaffarabad. The organization now has a total of 106 children with missing parents in its care. ](/news/2006/01/6/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-report-gastroenteritis-pneumonia-and-bronchitis-rife-in-emergency-camps-as-landslides-block-route-to.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
2. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: Pakistan renews SOS Children's Villages role as custodian of all orphans and unaccompanied children following the earthquake. ](/news/2005/12/5/2005-kashmir-earthquake-pakistan-renews-sos-children-s-villages-role-as-custodian-of-all-orphans-and-unaccompanied-children-following-the.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
3. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children's Villages have been appointed temporary custodian of unaccompanied children. SOS will run the family tracing database and look after children in their emergency centre in Islamabad and in other six villages in Kashmir. ](/news/2005/10/14/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-s-villages-have-been-appointed-temporary-custodian-of-unaccompanied-children-sos-will-run-the-family.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
4. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children have reported that despite the destruction of much of their Children's Village in Muzaffarabad all of the children in their care are believed safe. [http://www.sos-childrensvillages.org/News-and-Media/News/Pages/Children-in-need-of-shelter-and-protection-South-Asia-Earthquake.aspx]](/news/2005/10/10/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-have-reported-that-despite-the-destruction-of-much-of-their-childrenas-village-in-muzaffarabad-all.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
5. [The United Nations describes the ongoing 2010 Pakistan floods as the worst natural disaster in years - worse than the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and the 2010 Haiti earthquake - as the number of people affected reaches an estimated 15 million and the waters and landslides continue to swamp the country. ](/news/2010/08/9/the-united-nations-describes-the-ongoing-2010-pakistan-floods-as-the-worst-natural-disaster-in-years-worse-than-the-2004-indian-ocean-eart.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake_
6. [In the Kamsar area, north of Muzaffarabad, Kashmir, a Chinese road-building firm digs up a van containing 17 decomposed corpses which went missing during a 2005 earthquake. ](/news/2010/01/15/in-the-kamsar-area-north-of-muzaffarabad-kashmir-a-chinese-road-building-firm-digs-up-a-van-containing-17-decomposed-corpses-which-went-m.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake_
7. [ Doctors in Pakistan marvel at the survival of Naqsha Bibi, rescued last Saturday, 63 days after she was buried in the 8 October 2005 Kashmir earthquake. ](/news/2005/12/14/doctors-in-pakistan-marvel-at-the-survival-of-naqsha-bibi-rescued-last-saturday-63-days-after-she-was-buried-in-the-8-october-2005-kashmi.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake_
8. [ India opens the first of three frontier checkpoints at Chakan Da Bagh in Poonch on the Kashmir Line of Control (LoC) between India and Pakistan, for 2005 Kashmir earthquake relief work. ](/news/2005/11/7/india-opens-the-first-of-three-frontier-checkpoints-at-chakan-da-bagh-in-poonch-on-the-kashmir-line-of-control-loc-between-india-and-paki.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake_
9. [ As the relief operation of 2005 Kashmir earthquake is facing great difficulties in reaching victims due to bad weather, mountainous terrain, landslides and blocked roads, Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz makes an appeal to millions of survivors in the mountains to leave their villages and come down to the valleys and cities for shelter before the start of winter in about three weeks. ](/news/2005/10/27/as-the-relief-operation-of-2005-kashmir-earthquake-is-facing-great-difficulties-in-reaching-victims-due-to-bad-weather-mountainous-terrain.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake_
10. [ Two weeks after the Kashmir earthquake death toll reaches 79,000, the UN estimates that 500,000  people are cut off from relief aid. The UN appeals to the international community for more aid, warning that tens of thousands of people could die if aid does not reach them before the harsh winter. ](/news/2005/10/20/two-weeks-after-the-kashmir-earthquake-death-toll-reaches-79-000-the-un-estimates-that-500-000-people-are-cut-off-from-relief-aid-the-un.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake_
