### [2005-12-21](/news/2005/12/21/index.md)

#  Connecticut. A former hedge fund manager, Scott Sacane, pleaded guilty to one count of violating the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 in connection with the manipulation of the prices of two biotechnology stocks between November 2002 and July 2003. [http://www.stamfordadvocate.com/business/scn-sa-durus2dec22,0,2036231.story?coll=stam-business-headlines (Stamford (CT) Advocate)] (Link dead as of 00:49, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson qualifies in Connecticut giving him ballot access to 48 states. ](/news/2016/09/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-libertarian-nominee-gary-johnson-qualifies-in-connecticut-giving-him-ballot-access-to-48-states.md) _Context: Connecticut_
2. [A shooter wounds at least 13 people at a house party in Bridgeport, Connecticut. ](/news/2016/08/21/a-shooter-wounds-at-least-13-people-at-a-house-party-in-bridgeport-connecticut.md) _Context: Connecticut_
3. [Gun politics in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Connecticut_
4. [Senator Murphy gun control filibuster: 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting: Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/senator-murphy-gun-control-filibuster-2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-af.md) _Context: Connecticut_
5. [Hedge fund impresario Bill Ackman faces skeptical questioning from investors after his Pershing Square fund loses big on both Herbalife and Valeant Pharmaceuticals. ](/news/2016/04/6/hedge-fund-impresario-bill-ackman-faces-skeptical-questioning-from-investors-after-his-pershing-square-fund-loses-big-on-both-herbalife-and.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Connecticut_
7. [Starboard Value LP, an activist hedge fund, begins a proxy contest to oust the entire board of directors of internet pioneer Yahoo. ](/news/2016/03/24/starboard-value-lp-an-activist-hedge-fund-begins-a-proxy-contest-to-oust-the-entire-board-of-directors-of-internet-pioneer-yahoo.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
8. [A United States district court judge orders documents turned over to hedge fund NML Capital with regard to the flow of funds in a February 9 issuance of Argentina dollar denominated sovereign bonds. ](/news/2015/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-judge-orders-documents-turned-over-to-hedge-fund-nml-capital-with-regard-to-the-flow-of-funds-in-a-february-9.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
9. [Following a court order that payments to most bondholders be stopped until holdouts were paid, Argentina has defaulted on some of its bonds after negotiations fell short of reaching a deal with hedge fund investors demanding a full payout of US$1.3 billion on bonds. ](/news/2014/07/31/following-a-court-order-that-payments-to-most-bondholders-be-stopped-until-holdouts-were-paid-argentina-has-defaulted-on-some-of-its-bonds.md) _Context: Hedge fund_
10. [Roche Holding AG says that its US-based Genentech subsidiary will purchase American biotechnology company Seragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc for up to $1.725 billion in cash and contingency payments. ](/news/2014/07/2/roche-holding-ag-says-that-its-us-based-genentech-subsidiary-will-purchase-american-biotechnology-company-seragon-pharmaceuticals-inc-for-u.md) _Context: biotechnology_
