### [2005-12-21](/news/2005/12/21/index.md)

#  Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/4549626.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/scotland/4543274.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England, Scotland, Wales_
2. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales_
3. [Severe gales batter large parts of England, Northern Ireland and Wales with some bridges being closed. ](/news/2010/11/11/severe-gales-batter-large-parts-of-england-northern-ireland-and-wales-with-some-bridges-being-closed.md) _Context: England, Northern Ireland, Wales_
4. [ New laws come into force across England, Wales and Scotland making the use of child seats in cars compulsory for all children under the age of 12 who are less than 4ft 5in (135cm) tall. ](/news/2006/09/18/new-laws-come-into-force-across-england-wales-and-scotland-making-the-use-of-child-seats-in-cars-compulsory-for-all-children-under-the-age.md) _Context: England, Scotland, Wales_
5. [ The Roman Catholic bishops of England, Wales, and Scotland issue a teaching guide which explains biblical passages should not be taken literally. The Creation, Garden of Eden  and the creation of Eve from Adam's rib are considered to be "symbolic language". ](/news/2005/10/5/the-roman-catholic-bishops-of-england-wales-and-scotland-issue-a-teaching-guide-which-explains-biblical-passages-should-not-be-taken-lite.md) _Context: England, Scotland, Wales_
6. [The draw for the qualifying stages of the 2006 Football World Cup is made. England, Wales and Northern Ireland are drawn together in group 6 of the Europe (UEFA) section, making the group three-quarters of a home nations championship - Scotland missed out by being drawn (amongst others) against Italy and Norway.](/news/2003/12/5/the-draw-for-the-qualifying-stages-of-the-2006-football-world-cup-is-made-england-wales-and-northern-ireland-are-drawn-together-in-group-6.md) _Context: England, Northern Ireland, Wales_
7. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England, Wales_
8. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
9. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
10. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: England, Wales_
