### [2005-12-21](/news/2005/12/21/index.md)

#  The U.S. Senate blocks oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. [http://www.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/12/21/arctic.drilling.ap/index.html (CNN)] (Link dead as of 00:49, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: oil drilling_
2. [The U.S. Senate passes a legislation that would allow victims of the Sept. 11 attacks to file lawsuits seeking damages from Saudi Arabia despite Saudi threats to pull billions of dollars from the U.S. economy. ](/news/2016/05/17/the-u-s-senate-passes-a-legislation-that-would-allow-victims-of-the-sept-11-attacks-to-file-lawsuits-seeking-damages-from-saudi-arabia-des.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
3. [Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing  Louisiana in the United States Senate  to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-united-states-senate-to-republican-congressman-bill-c.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
4. [United States "fiscal cliff" debate: The U.S. Senate bipartisanly approves a deal to avert general tax hikes and spending cuts known as the "fiscal cliff". ](/news/2013/01/1/united-states-fiscal-cliff-debate-pthe-u-s-senate-bipartisanly-approves-a-deal-to-avert-general-tax-hikes-and-spending-cuts-known-as-the.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
5. [The U.S. Senate votes to repeal the Jackson-Vanik amendment, a long-standing trade restriction with Russia. In its place, the Magnitsky bill is adopted instead. The law requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death of Sergei Magnitsky three years ago. ](/news/2012/12/6/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-repeal-the-jacksonavanik-amendment-a-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-in-its-place-the-magnitsky-bi.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirmed two of the President's nominees to the Federal Reserve, bringing board membership up to the statutory complement of seven. This is the first time all seven seats have been filled in six years.  ](/news/2012/05/17/the-u-s-senate-confirmed-two-of-the-president-s-nominees-to-the-federal-reserve-bringing-board-membership-up-to-the-statutory-complement-o.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
7. [The Obama administration in the United States lifts a six month moratorium on deep water oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico imposed following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. ](/news/2010/10/12/the-obama-administration-in-the-united-states-lifts-a-six-month-moratorium-on-deep-water-oil-drilling-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-imposed-followin.md) _Context: oil drilling_
8. [The Argentine Senate passes a controversial law protecting glaciers in the Andes Mountains and prohibiting drilling for oil and other resources, hindering Barrick Gold from drilling for gold in the Pascua Lama mine. ](/news/2010/09/30/the-argentine-senate-passes-a-controversial-law-protecting-glaciers-in-the-andes-mountains-and-prohibiting-drilling-for-oil-and-other-resour.md) _Context: oil drilling_
9. [The U.S. Senate votes to give Ben Bernanke a second term as chair of the Federal Reserve. ](/news/2010/01/28/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-give-ben-bernanke-a-second-term-as-chair-of-the-federal-reserve.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
10. [ Global financial crisis of 2008: A proposed $14 billion bailout of U.S. automakers fails in the U.S. Senate, raising the specter of an industry collapse that sent Asian markets reeling and sparked fears it could deepen the recession. ](/news/2008/12/12/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-a-proposed-14-billion-bailout-of-u-s-automakers-fails-in-the-u-s-senate-raising-the-specter-of-an-indu.md) _Context: U.S. Senate_
