### [2005-12-21](/news/2005/12/21/index.md)

#  The former President of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, claims in court that American officials tortured him. Part of his testimony is censored and the US strongly denies the accusations. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4551316.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Saddam Hussein's chief lawyer, Khalil al-Duleimi, walks out of court after 12 of his requests were rejected, but the chief judge immediately appoints other attorneys to defend the deposed President of Iraq. ](/news/2006/10/30/saddam-hussein-s-chief-lawyer-khalil-al-duleimi-walks-out-of-court-after-12-of-his-requests-were-rejected-but-the-chief-judge-immediatel.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein tells the court during the latest session of his trial that he and his seven co-accused are on hunger strike to protest at their treatment. ](/news/2006/02/14/former-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-tells-the-court-during-the-latest-session-of-his-trial-that-he-and-his-seven-co-accused-are-on-hunger.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Deposed Iraq president Saddam Hussein has refused to attend his trial for crimes against humanity, throwing the sometimes chaotic Iraqi proceedings into further confusion. ](/news/2005/12/6/deposed-iraq-president-saddam-hussein-has-refused-to-attend-his-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-throwing-the-sometimes-chaotic-iraqi-pro.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, torture_
5. [ Saddam Hussein goes on trial in Baghdad for crimes against humanity. The former President of Iraq is led into court with seven associates, charged with ordering the killing of 143 Shi'a men in the town of Dujail in 1982. If convicted, Hussein could face capital punishment. ](/news/2005/10/19/saddam-hussein-goes-on-trial-in-baghdad-for-crimes-against-humanity-the-former-president-of-iraq-is-led-into-court-with-seven-associates.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Lawyers for the former President of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, claim he was attacked by an unidentified man after questioning by the Iraqi special tribunal on Thursday; however the United States denies the event. ](/news/2005/07/30/lawyers-for-the-former-president-of-iraq-saddam-hussein-claim-he-was-attacked-by-an-unidentified-man-after-questioning-by-the-iraqi-speci.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])](/news/2005/04/19/the-united-iraqi-alliance-the-leading-coalition-in-the-new-government-of-iraq-demands-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-accused-of-ge.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, torture_
9. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos: Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-h.md) _Context: torture_
10. [Human rights in Egypt: In a report by Amnesty International, the group documents findings of Egyptian officials forcibly making hundreds of people disappear and face torture in the past year in an attempt to crack down on dissent in the country. ](/news/2016/07/13/human-rights-in-egypt-in-a-report-by-amnesty-international-the-group-documents-findings-of-egyptian-officials-forcibly-making-hundreds-of.md) _Context: torture_
