### [2015-12-27](/news/2015/12/27/index.md)

# The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) backed by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes, seize control of the strategic Tishrin Dam on the Euphrates in eastern Aleppo from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. 




### Source:

1. [Rudaw](http://rudaw.net/english/middleeast/syria/27122015)

### Related:

1. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: Euphrates, ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Euphrates, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
3. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
4. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to-a.md) _Context: CJTF-OIR, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
6. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isil-withdrawal-cause.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
8. [CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-deter-aggression-this-comes-days-after-the-u-s-backed-syr.md) _Context: CJTF-OIR, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
9. [The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-capturing-territory-fro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
10. [The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-eastern-aleppo-gove.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
