### [2015-12-27](/news/2015/12/27/index.md)

# Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. 

At least 11 people were killed near Dallas after severe storms and tornadoes slammed the area Saturday, according to police.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Greeneville Sun](http://www.greenevillesun.com/news/ap_state_news/at-least-died-from-in-texas-storms-that-spawned-tornadoes/article_4b00b102-aebc-50c7-b37a-50cd6cbb303f.html)
2. [Fox2Now](http://fox2now.com/2015/12/27/state-of-emergency-declared-by-gov-nixon-after-deadly-floods-hit-missouri/)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2015/12/27/severe-weather-tornadoes-texas-south/77939562/)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas, Tornadoes of 2015, southern United States, tornado_
2. [Tornadoes of 2015 At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-pat-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Midwestern, Tornadoes of 2015, southern United States, tornado_
3. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Midwestern, southern United States, tornado_
4. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: National Weather Service, Texas, tornado_
5. [A violent storm system spawns at least one tornado killing two people and injuring seven others in the American state of Illinois and causing widespread damage especially in the small towns of Rochelle and Fairdale. ](/news/2015/04/9/a-violent-storm-system-spawns-at-least-one-tornado-killing-two-people-and-injuring-seven-others-in-the-american-state-of-illinois-and-causin.md) _Context: Illinois, Tornadoes of 2015, tornado_
6. [A powerful storm system hits Midwestern and Southern United States spawning a dozen tornadoes and killing 3 people. ](/news/2013/04/12/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-spawning-a-dozen-tornadoes-and-killing-3-people.md) _Context: Midwestern, southern United States, tornado_
7. [Tornados hit the midwestern and southern United States two days after the 2012 Leap Day tornado outbreak. ](/news/2012/03/2/tornados-hit-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-two-days-after-the-2012-leap-day-tornado-outbreak.md) _Context: Midwestern, southern United States, tornado_
8. [The United States National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for nine states in the Midwestern United States with a storm affecting a total of 30 states from Texas to Maine. ](/news/2011/02/1/the-united-states-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-nine-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-a-storm-affecting.md) _Context: Midwestern, National Weather Service, Texas_
9. [Tornadoes touch down in midwestern and southern United States, including Washington County, Arkansas; Greater St. Louis, Sunset Hills, Missouri, Illinois and Oklahoma, with a few tornadoes in the early hours of January 1, 2011. A total 36 tornadoes touched down, resulting in the deaths of 9 people.](/news/2010/12/31/tornadoes-touch-down-in-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-including-washington-county-arkansas-greater-st-louis-sunset-hills-misso.md) _Context: Illinois, Midwestern, southern United States_
10. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
