### [2016-09-14](/news/2016/09/14/index.md)

# Clashes near the village of Toumour in Niger's southeast Diffa Region kill at least 30 Boko Haram militants and five Niger Armed Forces soldiers. 

Thirty members of Boko Haram and five Nigerien soldiers have been killed in fighting in the southeastern Diffa region of Niger, the defense ministry said in a statement late on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-nigeria-security-niger-idUSKCN11K0US)

### Related:

1. [An overnight raid by suspected Boko Haram militants on Niger's southern border town of Abadam, kills two Nigerien Army soldiers and three civilians. And, separately, a suicide-bomb attack on Lake Chad killed three of the attackers  but no one else. A military convoy was also ambushed by militants in northern Cameroon, although there were no reported deaths. ](/news/2015/12/23/an-overnight-raid-by-suspected-boko-haram-militants-on-niger-s-southern-border-town-of-abadam-kills-two-nigerien-army-soldiers-and-three-ci.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, soldiers_
2. [Suspected Boko Haram militants kill 14 civilians in the southeast Diffa Region of Niger near the Nigerian border. The Nigerien government recently approved a law prolonging a 15-day state of emergency for the Diffa region by three months in a bid to boost security. ](/news/2015/10/28/suspected-boko-haram-militants-kill-14-civilians-in-the-southeast-diffa-region-of-niger-near-the-nigerian-border-the-nigerien-government-re.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Diffa Region_
3. [Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-estimated-82-schoolgirls-who-were-among-about-220-kidnapp.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
4. [A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-least-90-people-and-injur.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
5. [ President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants-from-their-last-stron.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
6. [The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-are-tied-to-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
7. [Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least eight people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/10/29/suspected-boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-eight-people-in-the-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
8. [According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his  belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-damboa-borno-state-a-s.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
9. [Niger, following  attacks by Boko Haram on Bosso and Yebi in the Lake Chad region,  extends for three months a state of emergency in Diffa. ](/news/2016/07/30/niger-following-attacks-by-boko-haram-on-bosso-and-yebi-in-the-lake-chad-region-extends-for-three-months-a-state-of-emergency-in-diffa.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
10. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri.  ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
