### [2016-01-3](/news/2016/01/3/index.md)

# 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Fiji warns residents to prepare for the impact of severe tropical cyclone Ula. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20160103-pacific-cyclone-bears-down-fiji-after-brushing-tonga?ns_campaign=reseaux_sociaux&ns_source=twitter&ns_mchannel=social&ns_linkname=editorial&aef_campaign_ref=partage_aef&aef_campaign_date=2016-01-03&dlvrit=65413)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Zena, now a category 3 storm, heads for Fiji, where a tropical depression already dumped up to 12 inches of rain on the western and northern parts of Fiji's largest and most populous island, Viti Levu, triggering major flash flooding that's killed at least two people. The archipelago is still recovering from category 5 Cyclone Winston that killed 44 people in February. ](/news/2016/04/6/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-zena-now-a-category-3-storm-heads-for-fiji-where-a-tropical-depression-already-dumped-up.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
2. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
3. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll from Cyclone Winston in Fiji rises to 29. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-winston-in-fiji-rises-to-29.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
4. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll in Fiji rises to at least 17 as authorities continue to assess the damage. All schools in the country are closed for the week. A nationwide curfew remains in effect. ](/news/2016/02/22/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-in-fiji-rises-to-at-least-17-as-authorities-continue-to-assess-the-d.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
5. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: At least five people are reported dead and entire villages have been flattened after Cyclone Winston hits Fiji. ](/news/2016/02/21/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-at-least-five-people-are-reported-dead-and-entire-villages-have-been-flattened-afte.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
6. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: Hundreds of evacuation centres are activated in Fiji as Cyclone Winston makes landfall in Fiji's outer islands and heads towards islands with higher population. ](/news/2016/02/20/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-hundreds-of-evacuation-centres-are-activated-in-fiji-as-cyclone-winston-makes-landf.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
7. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston heads towards Fiji at Category 5 strength. It is expected to make landfall on Saturday. ](/news/2016/02/19/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-heads-towards-fiji-at-category-5-strength-it-is-expected-to-make-landfall-on-saturd.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Fiji_
8. [Fiji authorities detain two opposition party leaders, a prominent trade unionist, and another opposition activist, following their participation in Wednesday's forum on the Pacific island's 2013 constitution. A police spokesperson told the "Fiji Times" that several people were being questioned about comments made at the forum that, "Could affect the safety and security of all Fijians." ](/news/2016/09/10/fiji-authorities-detain-two-opposition-party-leaders-a-prominent-trade-unionist-and-another-opposition-activist-following-their-participa.md) _Context: Fiji_
9. [Proposal for a new flag of Fiji:: Fiji prime minister Voreqe Bainimarama scraps plans to change the flag of Fiji as the feel-good factor envelops the Pacific nation following a first Olympic medal, a gold in men's rugby sevens. ](/news/2016/08/18/proposal-for-a-new-flag-of-fiji-fiji-prime-minister-voreqe-bainimarama-scraps-plans-to-change-the-flag-of-fiji-as-the-feel-good-factor-env.md) _Context: Fiji_
10. [Fiji-New Zealand relations: New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji, the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions. ](/news/2016/06/9/fiji-new-zealand-relations-new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup.md) _Context: Fiji_
