### [2016-01-3](/news/2016/01/3/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War. Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC news](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/held-slaying-mexico-mayor-day-taking-office-36072296)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War. List of politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War. Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/mexican-drug-war-list-of-politicians-killed-in-the-mexican-drug-war-gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assa.md) _Context: Gisela Mota Ocampo, Graco Ramirez, Mexican Drug War, Morelos's, Temixco, organization_
2. [Mexican Drug War. A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. ](/news/2017/07/5/mexican-drug-war-a-gunfight-between-la-linea-gang-members-and-a-rival-cartel-in-madera-municipality-chihuahua-leaves-at-least-14-people-d.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican Drug War. An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
4. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: assassinated_
5. [War in Afghanistan. The Vice President of Afghanistan, Abdul Rashid Dostum, survives yet another assassination attempt. ](/news/2016/10/17/war-in-afghanistan-the-vice-president-of-afghanistan-abdul-rashid-dostum-survives-yet-another-assassination-attempt.md) _Context: assassinated_
6. [Mexican Drug War. A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Russia-Spain relations. A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: assassinated_
8. [Mexican Drug War. Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-drug-war-mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War. War on Drugs. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Acting on requests from neighboring Italy, Swiss authorities arrest 15 people sought as suspected members of the 'Ndrangheta organized crime syndicate, a Mafia-type organization centered in Calabria, Italy. ](/news/2016/03/8/acting-on-requests-from-neighboring-italy-swiss-authorities-arrest-15-people-sought-as-suspected-members-of-the-ndrangheta-organized-crime.md) _Context: organization_
