### [2016-01-3](/news/2016/01/3/index.md)

# North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea may be preparing for an imminent thermonuclear weapon test at its Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, located in the country's North Hamgyong Province where previous tests took place in 2006, 2009 and 2013, according to a South Korean military report. 

 North Korea may be preparing to test its thermonuclear weapons capabilities at its Punggye-ri nuclear test site, a South Korean military unit responsible for nuclear defense said Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap News Agency](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2016/01/03/0200000000AEN20160103000700315.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, hydrogen bomb, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-United States relations: U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [South Korea-United States relations: American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
