### [2016-01-3](/news/2016/01/3/index.md)

# Terrorism in India: 2016 Pathankot attack: Gunfire and loud explosions are heard at an Indian Air Force base in Pathankot, Punjab, as anti-terrorist operations continue. A further two militants, for a total of six, are reported to have been killed; seven military and paramilitary personnel are reported to have been killed, with up to 20 other security personnel wounded. 

Pathankot terror attack: Operation continues for second day; PM Modi chairs high-level meeting - Operation continues even on Sunday


### Source:

1. [DNA](http://www.dnaindia.com/india/live-pathankot-terror-attack-one-injured-while-defusing-bomb-at-army-base-during-combing-2161739)

### Related:

1. [Terrorism in India: 2016 Pathankot attack: Heavily armed terrorists, reportedly members of Jaish-e-Mohammed, attack an Indian Air Force base in Pathankot, Punjab; three security force personnel and four of the terrorists are reported to have been killed. ](/news/2016/01/2/terrorism-in-india-2016-pathankot-attack-heavily-armed-terrorists-reportedly-members-of-jaish-e-mohammed-attack-an-indian-air-force-base.md) _Context: Indian Air Force, Pathankot, Punjab, attack on Pathankot air base, terror-related_
2. [2016 Pathankot attack: Five of the terrorists who attacked an Indian Air Force base in Pathankot, Punjab are reported to have been killed; mopping-up and search operations continue. National Security Guard officials state the operations will continue until the air base is made safe. ](/news/2016/01/4/2016-pathankot-attack-five-of-the-terrorists-who-attacked-an-indian-air-force-base-in-pathankot-punjab-are-reported-to-have-been-killed-m.md) _Context: Indian Air Force, Pathankot, Punjab, attack on Pathankot air base_
3. [2017 Amarnath Yatra attack: At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-amarnath-yatra-attack-at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the.md) _Context: terror-related_
4. [An Indian Air Force Sukhoi Su-30 goes missing near the border with China and is presumed to have crashed along with its two pilots. ](/news/2017/05/23/an-indian-air-force-sukhoi-su-30-goes-missing-near-the-border-with-china-and-is-presumed-to-have-crashed-along-with-its-two-pilots.md) _Context: Indian Air Force_
5. [The Editors Guild of India protests the Indian Government's order to shut down Hindi news channel NDTV India for 24 hours alleging the channel's coverage of January-s deadly attack on Pathankot air base revealed sensitive military secrets. NDTV denies the charges, and says it will challenge this unprecedented order. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-editors-guild-of-india-protests-the-indian-government-s-order-to-shut-down-hindi-news-channel-ndtv-india-for-24-hours-alleging-the-chann.md) _Context: attack on Pathankot air base_
6. [At least 15 people are killed in an outbreak of heavy smog in the Pakistani province of Punjab. ](/news/2016/11/4/at-least-15-people-are-killed-in-an-outbreak-of-heavy-smog-in-the-pakistani-province-of-punjab.md) _Context: Punjab_
7. [2016 Indian Air Force An-32 disappearance: The search intensifies for the Indian Air Force Antonov An-32 military transport with 29 people aboard that went missing over the Bay of Bengal shortly after its Friday morning takeoff from Tambaram. ](/news/2016/07/23/2016-indian-air-force-an-32-disappearance-the-search-intensifies-for-the-indian-air-force-antonov-an-32-military-transport-with-29-people-a.md) _Context: Indian Air Force_
8. [In Punjab, Pakistan, the death toll has risen from 13 to 33 for people who has eaten sweets, accidentally tainted with insecticide. The mass poisoning occurred in April. ](/news/2016/05/1/in-punjab-pakistan-the-death-toll-has-risen-from-13-to-33-for-people-who-has-eaten-sweets-accidentally-tainted-with-insecticide-the-mass.md) _Context: Punjab_
9. [Indian Air Force landing chopper-307 crashed in the Sitapur area of Uttar Pradesh, taking the lives of 7 people. ](/news/2014/07/25/indian-air-force-landing-chopper-307-crashed-in-the-sitapur-area-of-uttar-pradesh-taking-the-lives-of-7-people.md) _Context: Indian Air Force_
10. [An Indian Air Force Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules plane crashes near Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh, killing all five onboard. ](/news/2014/03/28/an-indian-air-force-lockheed-martin-c-130j-super-hercules-plane-crashes-near-gwalior-madhya-pradesh-killing-all-five-onboard.md) _Context: Indian Air Force_
