### [2010-02-1](/news/2010/02/1/index.md)

# US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presses China to back Iran sanctions for its nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [WSJ](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704343104575033211054804940.html)

### Related:

1. [16th Summit of the Non-Aligned Movement in Tehran:: The summit is closed with accepting a 600-page final document that mainly focuses on the Palestinian issue as well as on Iran's nuclear energy program, but makes no mention of the Syrian civil war. A Chinese state commentary qualifies the summit as an "important" diplomatic "accomplishment from Iran", having hosted "leaders and delegates of over 100 countries". ](/news/2012/09/1/16th-summit-of-the-non-aligned-movement-in-tehran-the-summit-is-closed-with-accepting-a-600-page-final-document-that-mainly-focuses-on-the.md) _Context: China, Iran, nuclear scientist_
2. [Iran and world powers, including the United States, Russia, and China, begin talks about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/04/14/iran-and-world-powers-including-the-united-states-russia-and-china-begin-talks-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: China, Iran, nuclear scientist_
3. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:: United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Iran, nuclear scientist_
4. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: China, Iran, nuclear scientist_
5. [South China Sea disputes: Iranian-born Australian politician Sam Dastyari pledges his support for China's position in the dispute. ](/news/2016/09/1/south-china-sea-disputes-iranian-born-australian-politician-sam-dastyari-pledges-his-support-for-china-s-position-in-the-dispute.md) _Context: China, Iran_
6. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
7. [The man who served as Japan's deputy chief trade negotiator for the Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade deal, says that there is no room for the sort of renegotiation of a particular provision suggested by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/03/9/the-man-who-served-as-japan-s-deputy-chief-trade-negotiator-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-trade-deal-says-that-there-is-no-room-for-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Secretary of State_
8. [Nuclear program of Iran: The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
9. [Nuclear program of Iran: The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
10. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
