### [2009-07-8](/news/2009/07/8/index.md)

#  ''The Guardian'' claims that rival English newspaper, the Rupert Murdoch-owned ''News of the World'' tabloid, paid PS1 million in court costs after its journalists were accused of involvement in phone tapping celebrities and politicians. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8141300.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/rbssTechMediaTelecomNews/idUSN0840597820090708)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/murdoch-papers-paid-2m-in-settlements-20090709-ddsu.html)

### Related:

1. [ British phone tapping controversy David Cameron is asked to dismiss one of his most trusted advisers over allegations of illegal phone hacking by the Rupert Murdoch-owned ''News of the World'' tabloid. ](/news/2009/07/9/british-phone-tapping-controversyp-david-cameron-is-asked-to-dismiss-one-of-his-most-trusted-advisers-over-allegations-of-illegal-phone-hac.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch, tabloid_
2. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
3. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the ''News of the World'', but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-k.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of 600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct ''News of the World''. ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-ps600-000-us-950-000-with-rupe.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the ''The Sun on Sunday'' to replace the ''News of the World'', which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
6. [News Corporation affairNews Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affairpnews-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-un.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [ The ''News of the World'' and ''Daily Mail'' newspapers apologise to Fabio Capello, the manager of England's national football team, after printing pictures of him and his wife Laura resting in mud-baths on an Italian beach. ](/news/2009/09/24/the-news-of-the-world-and-daily-mail-newspapers-apologise-to-fabio-capello-the-manager-of-england-s-national-football-team-after.md) _Context: England, News of the World_
9. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England_
10. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: England_
