### [2009-07-8](/news/2009/07/8/index.md)

#  "The Guardian" claims that rival English newspaper, the Rupert Murdoch-owned "News of the World" tabloid, paid GBP1 million in court costs after its journalists were accused of involvement in phone tapping celebrities and politicians. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8141300.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/rbssTechMediaTelecomNews/idUSN0840597820090708)
3. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/murdoch-papers-paid-2m-in-settlements-20090709-ddsu.html)

### Related:

1. [ David Cameron is asked to dismiss one of his most trusted advisers over allegations of illegal phone hacking by the Rupert Murdoch-owned "News of the World" tabloid. ](/news/2009/07/9/david-cameron-is-asked-to-dismiss-one-of-his-most-trusted-advisers-over-allegations-of-illegal-phone-hacking-by-the-rupert-murdoch-owned-n.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch, tabloid_
2. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
3. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-kep.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-gbp600-000-us-950-000-with-ru.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the "The Sun on Sunday" to replace the "News of the World", which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacking-c.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
6. [News Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-united-kingdom-parliament.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [ The "News of the World" and "Daily Mail" newspapers apologise to Fabio Capello, the manager of England's national football team, after printing pictures of him and his wife Laura resting in mud-baths on an Italian beach. ](/news/2009/09/24/the-news-of-the-world-and-daily-mail-newspapers-apologise-to-fabio-capello-the-manager-of-england-s-national-football-team-after-prin.md) _Context: England, News of the World_
9. [ In the United Kingdom, the Prince of Wales issues a denial of an unspecified allegation whose publication has been prohibited by court injunction granted against the "Mail on Sunday" tabloid newspaper. The injunction had been granted to one former Royal Aide, but earlier today "The Guardian" newspaper had been granted permission to name a person who had sought an injunction. Sir Michael Peat, the Prince's Private Secretary who issues the Prince's statement, attacks the person who had made the original allegation now subject to a court injunction, describing him as someone "who, unfortunately, has suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and has previously suffered from alcoholism following active service in the Falklands" and who has a history of making wild allegations which when investigated by police were found to be untrue. Peat says the country has been awash with rumours on the issue for the last week and that the Prince's statement was intended to kill off the unfounded speculation. The Prince's Household was previously embroiled in allegations of homosexual rape involving a staff member, amid the allegation that the Prince failed to take appropriate action against the person who allegedly committed the offence. Though details of the incident are not clear, they appear to involved the alleged witnessing of a male royal in bed with a male servant.](/news/2003/11/6/in-the-united-kingdom-the-prince-of-wales-issues-a-denial-of-an-unspecified-allegation-whose-publication-has-been-prohibited-by-court-inju.md) _Context: The Guardian, tabloid_
10. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: England_
