### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. 

The United States warned on Tuesday it would consider &quot;other&quot; options, which could include new sanctions or security steps, if North Korea continued nuclear and ballistic missile testing.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missile-idUSKCN0XN0QQ)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
2. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
3. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
4. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
5. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, Yonhap_
6. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, Yonhap_
7. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
8. [North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States.  South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for-a-long-range-missile-that-could-hit-the-unite.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
9. [Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan-air-base-in-a-show-of-force-following.md) _Context: American, North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
10. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
