### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# After facing mounting pressure since Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014, the Supreme Court of Crimea officially brands the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People an extremist organization and bans it. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-ukraine-crimean-tatars-mejlis-banned/27699264.html)

### Related:

1. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017: Russia-Ukraine relations: The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
2. [List of individuals sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/list-of-individuals-sanctioned-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-a.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
3. [2014 Crimean crisis:: Russian President Vladimir Putin visits Crimea for the first time since the annexation, arriving in Sevastopol for Victory Day celebrations. ](/news/2014/05/9/2014-crimean-crisis-russian-president-vladimir-putin-visits-crimea-for-the-first-time-since-the-annexation-arriving-in-sevastopol-for-vic.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
4. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Crimea_
5. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Crimea_
6. [Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation: Czech President Milos Zeman says in an interview that the Crimean peninsula can never be returned to Ukraine, notwithstanding the fact that it was "de facto" annexed by Russia. ](/news/2016/09/9/annexation-of-crimea-by-the-russian-federation-czech-president-milos-zeman-says-in-an-interview-that-the-crimean-peninsula-can-never-be-ret.md) _Context: annexation by Russia_
7. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Crimea_
8. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia-Ukraine relations: Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/ukrainian-crisis-russia-ukraine-relations-russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in.md) _Context: Crimea_
9. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: annexation by Russia_
10. [The State Council of Crimea issues an arrest warrant for the leader of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People and former Soviet dissident Mustafa Dzhemilev. ](/news/2016/01/21/the-state-council-of-crimea-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-the-leader-of-the-mejlis-of-the-crimean-tatar-people-and-former-soviet-dissident-mu.md) _Context: Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People_
