### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties--Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network--to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. 

BRATISLAVA, Slovakia (AP) — The new Slovak government of Prime Minister Robert Fico has won a mandatory vote of confidence in Parliament Tuesday&#039;s 79-61 vote came after Fico&#039;s leftist Smer-Social Democracy won the March…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/7afb3e29cbc941818a52bb820e961ae3/new-slovak-government-wins-confidence-vote)
2. [Reuters via StreetInsider.co](http://www.streetinsider.com/Reuters/New+Slovak+government+wins+confidence+vote+in+parliament/11542893.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for  all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime-minister-robert-fico-s-smer-party-is.md) _Context: Direction - Social Democracy, National Council's, Slovak parliamentary election, 2016, Slovakia's, governing coalition_
2. [Prime Minister Robert Fico's  Smer party won 28.3 percent of the vote, but with just 49 seats, lost its majority  in the 150-member parliament. The Freedom and Solidarity party  won 21 seats (12.1%), and the Ordinary People party took 19 seats (11.0%). ](/news/2016/03/6/prime-minister-robert-fico-s-smer-party-won-28-3-percent-of-the-vote-but-with-just-49-seats-lost-its-majority-in-the-150-member-parliame.md) _Context: Direction - Social Democracy, Slovak parliamentary election, 2016_
3. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: governing coalition_
4. [Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). "By all evidence, Russia's activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries," Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said "it is not an existential threat for Europe". ](/news/2016/04/15/polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-the-future-of-nato-says-russia-is-more-dangerous-than.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
5. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: governing coalition_
6. [Slovakia mounts a legal challenge to mandatory quotas decided in a European Union ministerial summit yesterday. ](/news/2015/09/23/slovakia-mounts-a-legal-challenge-to-mandatory-quotas-decided-in-a-european-union-ministerial-summit-yesterday.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
7. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
8. [A mid-air collision between two aircraft near Bratislava, Slovakia leaves at least seven people killed. ](/news/2015/08/20/a-mid-air-collision-between-two-aircraft-near-bratislava-slovakia-leaves-at-least-seven-people-killed.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
9. [In Slovakia, thousands of demonstrators rally against European Union plans to host asylum-seekers, and dozens are detained after they attacked spectators of a cycle race in the capital, Bratislava. ](/news/2015/06/20/in-slovakia-thousands-of-demonstrators-rally-against-european-union-plans-to-host-asylum-seekers-and-dozens-are-detained-after-they-attack.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
10. [A South Korean man is hospitalised in the Slovak capital Bratislava with symptoms of MERS as the death toll in South Korea rises to 15. ](/news/2015/06/14/a-south-korean-man-is-hospitalised-in-the-slovak-capital-bratislava-with-symptoms-of-mers-as-the-death-toll-in-south-korea-rises-to-15.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
