
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-pa.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-pa.json)  [XML](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-pa.xml)  

### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. 

MADRID (AP) — Spain&#039;s King Felipe VI decided Tuesday that none of the country&#039;s political parties has enough support to form a government, setting the stage for an unprecedented repeat election in June, six months after…


### Sources:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2ff14887f7104e06a0e949a01ac78726/spains-king-parties-hold-final-talks-avoid-new-election)
1. [Cover Image](http://binaryapi.ap.org/71c84960f5324b19aeb692d7435a4b40/460x.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-p.md) _2017-08-25 03:45:28 (First version)_
2. [Spanish general election, 2016: Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spanish-general-election-2016-spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-no.md) _2017-08-27 03:45:51 (Update)_
2. [Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-none-of-the-country-s-political-pa.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Spanish politicians fail to meet a deadline to form a government after last year's election so Felipe VI of Spain must dissolve the parliament and call a new election for June 26. ](/news/2016/05/2/spanish-politicians-fail-to-meet-a-deadline-to-form-a-government-after-last-year-s-election-so-felipe-vi-of-spain-must-dissolve-the-parliame.md) _Context: Felipe VI of Spain, Spanish general election, 2016, election_
2. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Felipe VI of Spain, Spain, election_
3. [Voters in Spain go to the polls for a general election six months after an inconclusive election. Polls indicate that no party will be in position to form a government. ](/news/2016/06/26/voters-in-spain-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-six-months-after-an-inconclusive-election-polls-indicate-that-no-party-will-be-in-po.md) _Context: Spain, Spanish general election, 2016_
4. [Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-people-s-party-pp-we-say-no-t.md) _Context: Spain, election_
5. [Today's parliamentary election is forecast to end Spain's two-party system as the traditional powers, the center-right People's Party (PP) and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), are facing real challenges from the anti-austerity Podemos Party and the liberal Ciudadanos party (C's). Analysts expect a high turnout. ](/news/2015/12/20/today-s-parliamentary-election-is-forecast-to-end-spain-s-two-party-system-as-the-traditional-powers-the-center-right-people-s-party-pp-a.md) _Context: Spain, election_
