### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since  none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. 

MADRID (AP) — Spain&#039;s King Felipe VI decided Tuesday that none of the country&#039;s political parties has enough support to form a government, setting the stage for an unprecedented repeat election in June, six months after…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2ff14887f7104e06a0e949a01ac78726/spains-king-parties-hold-final-talks-avoid-new-election)

### Related:

1. [Spanish politicians fail to meet a deadline to form a government after last year's election so Felipe VI of Spain must dissolve the parliament and call a new election for June 26. ](/news/2016/05/2/spanish-politicians-fail-to-meet-a-deadline-to-form-a-government-after-last-year-s-election-so-felipe-vi-of-spain-must-dissolve-the-parliame.md) _Context: Felipe VI of Spain, Spanish general election, 2016, election_
2. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's  center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90  (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party  system since neither  major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's  new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who  ascended the throne in June 2014,  is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Felipe VI of Spain, Spain, election_
3. [Voters in Spain go to the polls for a general election six months after an inconclusive election. Polls indicate that no party will be in position to form a government. ](/news/2016/06/26/voters-in-spain-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-six-months-after-an-inconclusive-election-polls-indicate-that-no-party-will-be-in-po.md) _Context: Spain, Spanish general election, 2016_
4. [Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-people-s-party-pp-we-say-no-t.md) _Context: Spain, election_
5. [Today's parliamentary election is forecast to end  Spain's two-party system as the traditional powers, the  center-right People's Party (PP) and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), are facing real challenges from the anti-austerity Podemos Party  and the liberal  Ciudadanos party (C's). Analysts expect a high turnout. ](/news/2015/12/20/today-s-parliamentary-election-is-forecast-to-end-spain-s-two-party-system-as-the-traditional-powers-the-center-right-people-s-party-pp.md) _Context: Spain, election_
6. [Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-event-in-the-city-of-pontevedra.md) _Context: Spain, election_
7. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliament majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliament-major.md) _Context: hung parliament_
8. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [In Spain, the Basque separatist group ETA announces that it will fully disarm by April 8, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/17/in-spain-the-basque-separatist-group-eta-announces-that-it-will-fully-disarm-by-april-8-2017.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [Europol reports a total of more than 10,000 assault rifles and 400 shelling weapons were seized in northern Spain during an anti-trafficking operation in January. ](/news/2017/03/14/europol-reports-a-total-of-more-than-10-000-assault-rifles-and-400-shelling-weapons-were-seized-in-northern-spain-during-an-anti-trafficking.md) _Context: Spain_
