### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: A Syrian government airstrike near Aleppo kills at least five members of the Syrian Civil Defense rescue organisation. Dozens of people have been killed in Aleppo over the past few days from government airstrikes and opposition bombardment. 

Attacks by government forces and rebels killed at least 30 people, including eight children, in the last 24 hours in Aleppo, a city seeing some of the worst of a renewed escalation in the Syrian war, a monitoring group said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-aleppo-idUSKCN0XN0M3?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: A video from besieged eastern Aleppo's al-Shaar neighborhood emerges showing the moment a young girl, identified as Ghazal Qasim, trapped beneath rubble of a five floor building blown to smithereens by a deadly Assad government's bunker buster bomb attack on September 27, is rescued by the Syrian Civil Defense, better known as the white helmets. ](/news/2016/09/29/syrian-civil-war-a-video-from-besieged-eastern-aleppo-s-al-shaar-neighborhood-emerges-showing-the-moment-a-young-girl-identified-as-ghazal.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil Defense, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing: A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike: An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
5. [ Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-16): The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian Civil Defense claim that more than 45 people have died as a result of heavy artillery bombardment of eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/30/aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-civil-defense-claim-that-more-than-45-people-have-died-as-a-result-of-heavy-artillery-bombardment-o.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil Defense_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): At least ten people are killed and others were injured during air strikes on Aleppo's Bab al-Nairab neighborhood. ](/news/2016/11/29/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-at-least-ten-people-are-killed-and-others-were-injured-during-air-strikes-on-aleppo-s-ba.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. ](/news/2016/11/26/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-government-forces-have-captured-most-of-hanano-the-largest-rebel-controlled-district-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
