### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# The United States deploys F-22 Raptor fighter jets to Romania's RoAF 86th Air Base, near the Black Sea, in a show of strength and cooperation against Russia. "The United States and Romania enjoy a very strong partnership," said Hans G. Klemm, the United States Ambassador to Romania. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/united-states-romania-f22-jets/3303463.html)

### Related:

1. [NATO's  Aegis Ashore Ballistic Missile Defense System becomes partly operational at Romania's Deveselu airbase, as U.S. Navy personnel takes control of the site after years of construction. Aegis Ashore facilities in Romania form part of NATO's European missile defence system, with another site under construction in Poland expected to become operational by 2018. The United States Ambassador to Romania Hans G. Klemm says that they have explained to the Russians on numerous occasions that the missile system is, "not directed at Russia, nor does it have the capability to threaten Russia." The head of Russia's Strategic Missile Troops, Colonel General Sergei Karakayev, has dismissed the purported effectiveness of the missile defense system, saying Moscow develops "brand new and effective means and techniques to penetrate any missile defense system". ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-s-aegis-ashore-ballistic-missile-defense-system-becomes-partly-operational-at-romania-s-deveselu-airbase-as-u-s-navy-personnel-takes.md) _Context: Hans G. Klemm, Romania, Russia, United States Ambassador to Romania_
2. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Romania, United States_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
4. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
6. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Black Sea, Russia_
7. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weapons-grade-plutonium-plutonium-managemen.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
