### [2016-04-26](/news/2016/04/26/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. 

Pennsylvania, Maryland, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Delaware take their turn in the 2016 presidential primary parade.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a93d287a6ec44a3195d34cb382a9568f/clinton-pushes-big-wins-primary-quintet)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/26/politics/primary-election-results-live-updates/index.html)
3. [Decision Desk HQ Dem](http://www.decisiondeskhq.com/april-26-dem/)
4. [Decision Desk HQ GOP](http://www.decisiondeskhq.com/april-26-gop/)
5. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/live-blog-battle-delegates-intensifies-east-coast-primaries-n562336)
6. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/dem-primaries/277699-sanders-takes-rhode-island)
7. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/04/26/trump-is-projected-to-win-in-pennsylvania-and-connecticut/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-he.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
5. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:. Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-voters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-r.md) _Context: Connecticut, Delaware, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016. United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016. Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
7. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
8. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:. The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: Connecticut, Maryland, Pennsylvania_
9. [United States elections, 2016. Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Pennsylvania_
