### [2014-01-9](/news/2014/01/9/index.md)

# In the US Congress, a bill is introduced to restore the fast track negotiating authority, under which the president could negotiate trade agreements that Congress could not amend, but could only vote "yes" or "no" on. The bill's sponsors mentioned talks with the EU as well as the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations. 

U.S. lawmakers on Thursday proposed a bill to give the White House power to fast-track international trade agreements as the United States gears up for a hectic year of trade negotiations.


### Source:

1. [US Senate](http://www.finance.senate.gov/newsroom/chairman/release/?id=7cd1c188-87f1-4a0b-8856-3fc139121ca9)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/09/us-usa-trade-congress-idUSBREA0817520140109)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
2. [Japan ratifies the  Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2016/12/9/japan-ratifies-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump announces his plans for his first day in office, including quitting the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and canceling restrictions on United States energy production. ](/news/2016/11/21/president-elect-donald-trump-announces-his-plans-for-his-first-day-in-office-including-quitting-the-trans-pacific-partnership-tpp-and-can.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
4. [The man who served as Japan's deputy chief trade negotiator for the Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade deal, says that there is no room for the sort of renegotiation of a particular provision suggested by former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/03/9/the-man-who-served-as-japan-s-deputy-chief-trade-negotiator-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-trade-deal-says-that-there-is-no-room-for-the.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
5. [ Twelve nations, including the United States, sign the deal at SkyCity Auckland in Auckland, New Zealand. ](/news/2016/02/4/twelve-nations-including-the-united-states-sign-the-deal-at-skycity-auckland-in-auckland-new-zealand.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama's comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President  Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artificial-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-obamaas-comments-to-reporters-c.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
7. [WikiLeaks releases the intellectual property section of the finalized Trans-Pacific Partnership intended to be withheld until after October 19. ](/news/2015/10/9/wikileaks-releases-the-intellectual-property-section-of-the-finalized-trans-pacific-partnership-intended-to-be-withheld-until-after-october.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
8. [The Trans-Pacific Partnership between the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries is finalized in the American city of Atlanta. According to wikileaks, the main point of the deal will be that trans-national corporations will not be subjected to the laws of individual countries. Instead, an international system will be formed with the right to overrule national laws and legal decisions. ](/news/2015/10/5/the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-united-states-and-11-pacific-rim-countries-is-finalized-in-the-american-city-of-atlanta-according.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
9. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
10. [The United States Senate approves a motion giving President Barack Obama fast track authority to complete trade negotiations with 11 countries in the Asia-Pacific region. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-united-states-senate-approves-a-motion-giving-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-to-complete-trade-negotiations-with-11-countri.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership_
