### [2014-01-9](/news/2014/01/9/index.md)

# New Jersey Governor Chris Christie apologizes for his senior aides intentionally causing a traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in September 2013. 

New Jersey Governor Chris Christie on Thursday fired a top aide who apparently helped orchestrate massive traffic jams at a busy commuter bridge to settle a score, saying he had been blindsided in the scandal that threatened to tarnish his political image.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/09/us-usa-newjersey-bridge-christie-idUSBREA080MB20140109)

### Related:

1. [Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-ex-port-authority-executive-bill.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal, George Washington Bridge, New Jersey Governor_
2. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is sued for his role on "Bridgegate". ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-is-sued-for-his-role-on-bridgegate.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal, New Jersey Governor_
3. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey governor Chris Christie formally announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/06/30/united-states-presidential-election-2016-p-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nominati.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
5. [Former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein pleads guilty for his role in creating traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in 2013. ](/news/2015/05/1/former-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-official-david-wildstein-pleads-guilty-for-his-role-in-creating-traffic-jams-near-the-georg.md) _Context: Fort Lee lane closure scandal, George Washington Bridge_
6. [Bridgegate scandal:A former aide of Chris Christie accuses the governor of having knowledge of the event. ](/news/2014/02/1/bridgegate-scandal-pa-former-aide-of-chris-christie-accuses-the-governor-of-having-knowledge-of-the-event.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal_
7. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html (''Daily Mail'')] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
8. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. ](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
9. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
10. [American voters  in the state of New Jersey select  party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie, a 2016 presidential candidate.](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-a-2016-pre.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
