### [2010-09-19](/news/2010/09/19/index.md)

# Supporters of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe stone delegates meeting in the capital Harare to create a new constitution, injuring five people. 

Copac outreach meetings in Harare were Sunday abandoned after violence and chaos rocked the proceedings as youths — most of whom were apparently Zanu PF supporters — chased away suspected MDC-T supporters from the gatherings. Where the meetings took place, there was tension and high politicisation of talking points resulting in most of the meetings &hellip;


### Source:

1. [Times Live](http://www.timeslive.co.za/africa/article666706.ece/Pro-Mugabe-militants-stone-constitution-meet-in-Zimbabwe)
2. [NewsDay.zw](http://www.newsday.co.zw/article/2010-09-19-zanu-pf-trashes-copac-meetings)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [China throws a surprise 86th birthday party for President Robert Mugabe in its Zimbabwe embassy in Harare, the first time Mugabe visited a foreign embassy in the country since Zimbabwe won independence in 1980. ](/news/2010/02/22/china-throws-a-surprise-86th-birthday-party-for-president-robert-mugabe-in-its-zimbabwe-embassy-in-harare-the-first-time-mugabe-visited-a-f.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [ The Central Intelligence Organization arrests almost 400 soldiers in Harare, Zimbabwe for allegedly plotting to overthrow President Robert Mugabe. Air Vice Marshal Elson Moyo, Major General Engelbert Rugeje, and Colonel Ben Ncube are allegedly the ringleaders. ](/news/2007/06/9/the-central-intelligence-organization-arrests-almost-400-soldiers-in-harare-zimbabwe-for-allegedly-plotting-to-overthrow-president-robert.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
5. [ Leading opponents of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, including Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, and four other members of parliament and party activists, are arrested for defying a ban on protest rallies in Harare. Riot police shoot one activist dead. ](/news/2007/03/11/leading-opponents-of-zimbabwe-s-president-robert-mugabe-including-morgan-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-fou.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [The High Court of Zimbabwe overturns bans on protests in Harare. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-high-court-of-zimbabwe-overturns-bans-on-protests-in-harare.md) _Context: Harare, Zimbabwe_
7. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [Police and protesters clash in Harare after a court ruled that protests against Robert Mugabe can continue. ](/news/2016/08/26/police-and-protesters-clash-in-harare-after-a-court-ruled-that-protests-against-robert-mugabe-can-continue.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe_
9. [Protests in Harare and elsewhere in the country continue despite police intimidation and pleas by President Robert Mugabe for them to stop. ](/news/2016/07/8/protests-in-harare-and-elsewhere-in-the-country-continue-despite-police-intimidation-and-pleas-by-president-robert-mugabe-for-them-to-stop.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe_
10. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
