### [2016-07-17](/news/2016/07/17/index.md)

# Second Libyan Civil War: UN-backed talks are underway in Tunis regarding the future of Libya, including discussions on forming a unified army for the Government of National Accord. 

The UN is set to host a second day of talks on Libya with the aim of creating a &quot;unified&quot; army in a country wracked by internal divisions and a jihadist threat.


### Source:

1. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2016/0717/802936-libya-army/)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-natio.md) _Context: Government of National Accord_
2. [2016 Djebel Jelloud train accident: A train and a bus collide in Tunis, Tunisia, killing 5 and injuring around 52. ](/news/2016/12/28/2016-djebel-jelloud-train-accident-a-train-and-a-bus-collide-in-tunis-tunisia-killing-5-and-injuring-around-52.md) _Context: Tunis_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Government of National Accord_
4. [Libyan Civil War: An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: Government of National Accord_
5. [Libyan Civil War: In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Government of National Accord_
6. [Libyan Civil War: The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Government of National Accord_
7. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: Government of National Accord_
8. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility for yesterday's attack on Tunisia's presidential guard in Tunis that killed 14 people. ](/news/2015/11/25/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-attack-on-tunisia.md) _Context: Tunis_
9. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): An explosion on a bus carrying Tunisian Presidential Guard personnel in Tunisia's capital Tunis leaves at least 15 people dead, as the country's government declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/11/24/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-an-explosion-on-a-bus-carrying-tunisian-presidential-guard-personnel-in-tunisia-s-capital-tunis.md) _Context: Tunis_
10. [ Second Libyan Civil War: At least ten civilians are killed when three separate car bombs explode simultaneously in the eastern coastal city of Derna. ](/news/2015/07/4/second-libyan-civil-war-at-least-ten-civilians-are-killed-when-three-separate-car-bombs-explode-simultaneously-in-the-eastern-coastal-city.md) _Context: Second Libyan Civil War_
