### [2016-07-17](/news/2016/07/17/index.md)

# Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, "Philippines v. China": Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. 

Dozens of Vietnamese who gathered for an anti-China protest in central Hanoi have been taken away by police as they tried to rally support for an international tribunal&#039;s ruling rejecting Beijing&#039;s claims in the South China Sea.


### Source:

1. [AAP via News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/world/breaking-news/vietnam-police-detain-dozens-in-protest/news-story/0604284d4fdd4f0745d50eab18eed1b7)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/4b009e2b34444d4fba37c74d01fbe367/vietnam-police-detain-dozens-anti-china-protest)

### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines v. China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippin.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines v. China, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [International reactions to Philippines v. China: Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
4. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines submits to The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration a 3,000-page document containing additional volumes of arguments, evidence, and maps seeking to nullify China-s sweeping claim over the resource-rich South China Sea. ](/news/2015/03/17/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-submits-to-the-hague-based-permanent-court-of-arbitration-a-3-000-page-document-containing-additiona.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The USS Dewey sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/05/25/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-uss-dewey-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-mischief-reef-in-the-south-china-s.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. ["Philippines v. China": Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-chinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
9. ["Philippines v. China": Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-bu.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. [International reactions to Philippines v. China: China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-ve.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's, South China Sea_
