### [2009-02-16](/news/2009/02/16/index.md)

#  An Israeli lawyer convicted of defrauding Holocaust survivors is arrested for planning to flee the country. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1233304799915&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
2. [Avigdor Lieberman resigns as the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister  and as Deputy Prime Minister following an indictment for fraud. ](/news/2012/12/14/avigdor-lieberman-resigns-as-the-israeli-foreign-affairs-minister-and-as-deputy-prime-minister-following-an-indictment-for-fraud.md) _Context: Israel, fraud_
3. [Israel's Justice Ministry announces that Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman, while he will not face more serious money laundering and witness tampering corruption charges, will be charged with breach of trust and fraud in connection with illegally obtaining funds from shell companies which occurred prior to his Ministry service. ](/news/2012/12/13/israel-s-justice-ministry-announces-that-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-while-he-will-not-face-more-serious-money-laundering-and-witnes.md) _Context: Israel, fraud_
4. [A controversial beauty pageant for survivors of The Holocaust is held for the first time in the Israeli city of Haifa. Critics describe it as "offensive" and "macabre." ](/news/2012/06/29/a-controversial-beauty-pageant-for-survivors-of-the-holocaust-is-held-for-the-first-time-in-the-israeli-city-of-haifa-critics-describe-it-a.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
5. [At memorial services on Holocaust and Heroism Remembrance Day in Israel, thousands of Holocaust survivors and Israelis commemorate the Jews who died during the Holocaust. ](/news/2011/05/1/at-memorial-services-on-holocaust-and-heroism-remembrance-day-in-israel-thousands-of-holocaust-survivors-and-israelis-commemorate-the-jews.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
6. [ International Quds Day: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-p-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Holocaust, Israel_
7. [ Avraham Hirschson resigns as the Finance Minister of Israel as an investigation into alleged fraud and embezzlement continues. ](/news/2007/07/1/avraham-hirschson-resigns-as-the-finance-minister-of-israel-as-an-investigation-into-alleged-fraud-and-embezzlement-continues.md) _Context: Israel, fraud_
8. [ Israeli police recommend charging President Moshe Katsav with rape, sexual assault and fraud. The final decision on bringing charges is up to Attorney General Meni Mazuz.  ([http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/10/15/AR2006101500301.html The Washington Post])](/news/2006/10/15/israeli-police-recommend-charging-president-moshe-katsav-with-rape-sexual-assault-and-fraud-the-final-decision-on-bringing-charges-is-up.md) _Context: Israel, fraud_
9. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel_
