### [2009-02-16](/news/2009/02/16/index.md)

#  The British Royal Navy's nuclear submarine HMS "Vanguard" and the French Navy's "Le Triomphant" collide in the Atlantic Ocean on February 3 or 4. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/Nuclear-Submarines-HMS-Vanguard-And-Frances-Le-Triomphant-Collide-In-Atlantic/Article/200902315223514?lpos=UK_News_Top_Stories_Header_1&lid=ARTICLE_15223514_Nuclear_Submarines%3A_HMS_Vanguard_And_Frances_Le_Triomphant_Collide_In_Atlantic)

### Related:

1. [A British Royal Navy sailor is charged with murdering an officer and attempted murder of three crew members aboard a nuclear submarine HMS Astute on Friday night in Southampton. ](/news/2011/04/10/a-british-royal-navy-sailor-is-charged-with-murdering-an-officer-and-attempted-murder-of-three-crew-members-aboard-a-nuclear-submarine-hms-a.md) _Context: Britain, Royal Navy, nuclear submarine_
2. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain, France_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, France_
4. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Britain_
5. [Syrian Civil War: The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declini.md) _Context: Britain, France_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Britain, France_
7. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute: A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Britain_
8. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Britain_
9. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Britain, France_
10. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: Britain, France_
