### [2013-12-26](/news/2013/12/26/index.md)

# Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:Six peacekeepers from Chad are killed in clashes in the Central African Republic. 

Dozens of people are killed, including six peacekeepers from Chad, in the latest violence in the Central African Republic, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-25520701)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Central-African, sectarian violence_
2. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:France expands its role in the conflict in the Central African Republic.  [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-25281959 BBC News].](/news/2013/12/7/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-pfrance-expands-its-role-in-the-conflict-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central-African, sectarian violence_
3. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:The Red Cross claims that at least 300 people have died in two days of fighting in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/6/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-pthe-red-cross-claims-that-at-least-300-people-have-died-in-two-days-of.md) _Context: Central-African, sectarian violence_
4. [2013 Central African Republic coup d'tat:The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/2013-central-african-republic-coup-d-etat-pthe-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-african.md) _Context: Central-African, sectarian violence_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pchad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-r.md) _Context: Central-African, Chad_
6. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central-African, Chad_
7. [Rebels from Chad rob 40 people &ndash; including a local government official &ndash; in attacks in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2012/02/19/rebels-from-chad-rob-40-people-ndash-including-a-local-government-official-ndash-in-attacks-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central-African, Chad_
8. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Central-African, Chad_
9. [ War in Chad (2005-present) and Central African Republic Bush War: Chad has offered to send troops to the Central African Republic to help fight rebels it claims are backed by Sudan. ](/news/2006/11/18/war-in-chad-2005apresent-and-central-african-republic-bush-war-p-chad-has-offered-to-send-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-hel.md) _Context: Central-African, Chad_
10. [ Chadian rebels attack the neighboring Central African Republic. They have reportedly formed an alliance with CAR rebels. Large areas of both countries have descended into violence. ](/news/2006/06/27/chadian-rebels-attack-the-neighboring-central-african-republic-they-have-reportedly-formed-an-alliance-with-car-rebels-large-areas-of-bot.md) _Context: Central-African, Chad_
