### [2013-12-26](/news/2013/12/26/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: The Israeli Air Force launches airstrikes on targets in the Gaza Strip after Palestinians fire a rocket from Gaza at the Eshkol region in southern Israel. 

One Palestinian reported injured in apparent retaliation for Kassam strike; Netanyahu says Hamas to blame for escalation


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/after-rocket-attack-iaf-strikes-targets-in-gaza/)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli air force strikes a rocket launching squad in the northern Gaza Strip, reportedly killing three, following rocket fire on southern Israel from Gaza and a mortar attack on an IDF patrol near the border. ](/news/2012/10/22/the-israeli-air-force-strikes-a-rocket-launching-squad-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-reportedly-killing-three-following-rocket-fire-on-southe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli Air Force, southern Israel_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli forces level land east of Khan Yunis in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2016/07/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-forces-level-land-east-of-khan-yunis-in-the-southern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, southern Israel_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Gaza-Israel conflict: In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/gaza-israel-conflict-in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli Air Force_
8. [Operation Protective Edge:: The death toll in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of Israeli air strikes reaches 120. The IAF has performed over 1,300 airstrikes since the beginning of the operation. ](/news/2014/07/12/operation-protective-edge-the-death-toll-in-the-gaza-strip-since-the-beginning-of-israeli-air-strikes-reaches-120-the-iaf-has-performed-o.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli Air Force_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Air Force strikes targets in the Gaza Strip in response to ongoing rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2014/01/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-air-force-strikes-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-ongoing-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli Air Force_
