### [2011-01-3](/news/2011/01/3/index.md)

# A six-alarm fire destroys a former hotel built in 1888 and recognized as a heritage building on Toronto's Yonge Street before it was scheduled for demolition; the fire forced the temporary closure of Ryerson University and nearby schools and hot spots remained a danger after extinguishing the fire. Two firefighters who fell into the building were rescued uninjured while arson remains a suspected cause. 

The face of Yonge Street in Downtown Toronto has been forever changed thanks to a massive early morning blaze.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/toronto/story/2011/01/04/yonge-gould-fire322.html)
2. [Toronto Sun](http://www.torontosun.com/news/torontoandgta/2011/01/03/16738911.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Great Smoky Mountains wildfires. Two juveniles are charged with aggravated arson in relation to the wildfires that claimed 14 lives in the US town of Gatlinburg, Tennessee. ](/news/2016/12/7/2016-great-smoky-mountains-wildfires-two-juveniles-are-charged-with-aggravated-arson-in-relation-to-the-wildfires-that-claimed-14-lives-in.md) _Context: arson_
2. [At least three first responders are injured battling a 10-alarm fire that's spread to seven buildings in Cambridge, Massachusetts (US). ](/news/2016/12/3/at-least-three-first-responders-are-injured-battling-a-10-alarm-fire-that-s-spread-to-seven-buildings-in-cambridge-massachusetts-us.md) _Context: 10-alarm fire_
3. [European migrant crisis. Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/european-migrant-crisis-two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: arson_
4. [An arsonist firebombs a Republican Party office in Hillsborough, North Carolina, and leaves a graffiti message reading, "Nazi Republicans get out of town or else." ](/news/2016/10/16/an-arsonist-firebombs-a-republican-party-office-in-hillsborough-north-carolina-and-leaves-a-graffiti-message-reading-nazi-republicans-ge.md) _Context: arson_
5. [Scarborough crossbow attack. Three people are killed and two are injured after a crossbow attack in Scarborough, Toronto. A suspicious package was also found in another linked event.](/news/2016/08/25/scarborough-crossbow-attack-three-people-are-killed-and-two-are-injured-after-a-crossbow-attack-in-scarborough-toronto-a-suspicious-packa.md) _Context: Toronto_
6. [Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. ](/news/2015/12/31/air-canada-flight-88-a-scheduled-flight-from-shanghai-to-toronto-diverts-to-calgary-international-airport-after-the-aircraft-a-boeing-777.md) _Context: Toronto_
7. [The North Korean (DPRK) supreme court convicts and sentences South Korea-born Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim to hard labor for life for trying to overthrow the DPRK and undermine the country's social system. Lim's relatives said he's traveled to North Korea more than 100 times since 1997, to help people, but not for any particular political purpose. Lim, from the Light Korean Presbyterian Church in Toronto, has been in custody since February. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-north-korean-dprk-supreme-court-convicts-and-sentences-south-korea-born-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-to-hard-labor-for-life-for-tryin.md) _Context: Toronto_
8. [Detroit, a city in which property values are among the lowest in the United States, is looking to reverse this. The Detroit Land Bank Authority is demolishing structures that are beyond repair and auction (bids start at $1,000) ones that are salvageable. ](/news/2015/11/27/detroit-a-city-in-which-property-values-are-among-the-lowest-in-the-united-states-is-looking-to-reverse-this-the-detroit-land-bank-author.md) _Context: demolishing_
9. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Toronto_
10. [Air Canada Flight 624. Air Canada Flight 624 skids off the runway at Halifax Stanfield International Airport, after arriving from Toronto shortly past midnight. All 133 passengers and 5 crews on board survive, with 23 treated for minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/29/air-canada-flight-624-air-canada-flight-624-skids-off-the-runway-at-halifax-stanfield-international-airport-after-arriving-from-toronto-sh.md) _Context: Toronto_
