### [2011-01-3](/news/2011/01/3/index.md)

# Republican U.S. Representative Darrell Issa calls for Attorney General Eric Holder to resign over lack of progress in prosecuting Julian Assange, and plans are announced of holding a congressional inquiry into Wikileaks and Assange. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/jan/03/republicans-wikileaks-investigation)

### Related:

1. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority": Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
6. [115th United States Congress: The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
7. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
8. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority: Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-li.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
