### [2011-12-30](/news/2011/12/30/index.md)

# The stock for McDonald's rose 31 percent in 2011, the largest gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, while Bank of America fell 59 percent, the largest loss in the Dow Jones. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2011/12/30/markets/biggest_losers_winners/index.htm?hpt=hp_t3)

### Related:

1. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc has become the largest shareholder of Bank of America by exercising its right to acquire 700 million shares at a steep discount, more than tripling an investment it made six years ago. Bank of America on Tuesday announced the exercise of the warrants, which gave Berkshire, controlled by Warren Buffett, the right to buy the bank's shares for about $7.14 each. Bank of America shares closed down 14 cents at $23.58 on the same day. ](/news/2017/08/29/berkshire-hathaway-inc-has-become-the-largest-shareholder-of-bank-of-america-by-exercising-its-right-to-acquire-700-million-shares-at-a-stee.md) _Context: Bank of America_
2. [Workers at two British McDonald's restaurants overwhelmingly vote to authorize a strike over working conditions and the use of zero-hour contracts, which would be the first such labor action against the fast-food chain in the U.K. ](/news/2017/08/18/workers-at-two-british-mcdonald-s-restaurants-overwhelmingly-vote-to-authorize-a-strike-over-working-conditions-and-the-use-of-zero-hour-con.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
3. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Bank of America_
4. [Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbev-demand-fifa-president.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
5. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
6. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America_
7. [The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. ](/news/2014/07/30/the-u-s-district-court-in-manhattan-via-judge-jed-rakoff-orders-bank-of-america-to-pay-1-27-billion-in-damages-relating-to-the-housing-b.md) _Context: Bank of America_
8. [McDonald's restaurants stop selling Chicken McNuggets and some other chicken products in Hong Kong, China and Japan from Shanghai Husi Foods that allegedly sold out-of-date items to fast food restaurants. ](/news/2014/07/25/mcdonald-s-restaurants-stop-selling-chicken-mcnuggets-and-some-other-chicken-products-in-hong-kong-china-and-japan-from-shanghai-husi-foods.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
9. [Bank of America agrees to pay $727 million to customers as restitution for deceptive marketing practices and unfair billing. An additional $45 million will be paid as fines to government regulatory groups. ](/news/2014/04/9/bank-of-america-agrees-to-pay-727-million-to-customers-as-restitution-for-deceptive-marketing-practices-and-unfair-billing-an-additional.md) _Context: Bank of America_
10. [McDonald's suspends work at all restaurant locations in Crimea. ](/news/2014/04/4/mcdonald-s-suspends-work-at-all-restaurant-locations-in-crimea.md) _Context: McDonald's restaurants_
