### [2010-12-24](/news/2010/12/24/index.md)

# Indian police search for four people in Mumbai suspected of being members of the Lashkar-e-Taiba group responsible for the 2008 Mumbai attacks. 

The city will celebrate Christmas and New Year under the shadow of terror . Mumbai police officials issued a high terror alert for the city on Thursday and released a picture of one of the four suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorists who have reportedly sneaked into Mumbai to cause destruction on a mega scale.


### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/news/world/mumbai-alert-after-terrorist-threat-1.1005003)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/4-LeT-men-on-prowl-in-Mumbai/articleshow/7154680.cms)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-terr.md) _Context: 2008 Mumbai attacks, India, Lashkar-e-Taiba_
2. [The appeal of Ajmal Kasab against the death sentence imposed by an Indian court for his role in the 2008 Mumbai attacks begins in Mumbai. ](/news/2010/10/18/the-appeal-of-ajmal-kasab-against-the-death-sentence-imposed-by-an-indian-court-for-his-role-in-the-2008-mumbai-attacks-begins-in-mumbai.md) _Context: 2008 Mumbai attacks, India, Mumbai_
3. [ Ajmal Kasab, the 2008 Mumbai attacks' lone surviving gunman, is charged with waging war against India. ](/news/2009/02/26/ajmal-kasab-the-2008-mumbai-attacks-lone-surviving-gunman-is-charged-with-waging-war-against-india.md) _Context: 2008 Mumbai attacks, India, Mumbai_
4. [ Pakistan confirms that Ajmal Amir, the last surviving participant in the 2008 terrorist attacks on Mumbai, India, is a Pakistani citizen, but dismisses National Security Advisor Mahmud Ali Durrani for making the admission. ](/news/2009/01/8/pakistan-confirms-that-ajmal-amir-the-last-surviving-participant-in-the-2008-terrorist-attacks-on-mumbai-india-is-a-pakistani-citizen-b.md) _Context: 2008 Mumbai attacks, India, Mumbai_
5. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
6. [A court in the Indian city of Mumbai convicts and sentences Ankur Panwar to the death penalty for a fatal acid-throwing attack. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-court-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-convicts-and-sentences-ankur-panwar-to-the-death-penalty-for-a-fatal-acid-throwing-attack.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
7. [A three-storey building collapses in the Indian city of Mumbai, resulting in six deaths and trapping many others. ](/news/2016/04/30/a-three-storey-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-resulting-in-six-deaths-and-trapping-many-others.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
8. [Indian women's rights activists are barred by angry villagers and local authorities from entering Shani Shingnapur temple despite a court ruling guaranteeing access. Breaking with a centuries-old tradition, the high court in Mumbai ruled women have a fundamental right to enter Hindu temples across the state of Maharashtra, and the government has the responsibility to protect their rights. Bhumata Ranragini Brigade leader Trupti Desai and 25 other supporters were detained by police. All India Mahila Congress President Shobha Oza and Delhi Commission for Women chairwoman Swati Maliwal called the actions of locals and authorities "completely shameful." ](/news/2016/04/2/indian-women-s-rights-activists-are-barred-by-angry-villagers-and-local-authorities-from-entering-shani-shingnapur-temple-despite-a-court-ru.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
9. [ A massive fire occurs in a textile factory in the Mumbai suburb of Bhiwandi in India's Maharashtra state. Fifty people are feared trapped. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-massive-fire-occurs-in-a-textile-factory-in-the-mumbai-suburb-of-bhiwandi-in-india-s-maharashtra-state-fifty-people-are-feared-trapped.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
10. [A blaze, sparked by a quick succession of between 15 and 20 gas cylinder explosions, in the Kandivali suburb of Mumbai, India, kills at least two and injures 11 while destroying around 1,000 hutment homes. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-blaze-sparked-by-a-quick-succession-of-between-15-and-20-gas-cylinder-explosions-in-the-kandivali-suburb-of-mumbai-india-kills-at-leas.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
