### [2010-12-24](/news/2010/12/24/index.md)

# Turkey welcomes a decision by the US House of Representatives not to vote on the Armenian Genocide Resolution during the final session of the 111th Congress. 

Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu Thursday evening hailed a decision by the US House leadership to forgo a vote of the Armenian Genocide Resolution (H.Res.252) for the final session of the 111th Congress.


### Source:

1. [Asbarez](http://asbarez.com/90745/turkish-foreign-minister-welcomes-house-failure-to-schedule-genocide-bill/)
2. [Winnipeg Free Press](http://www.winnipegfreepress.com/world/breakingnews/turkey-welcomes-us-decision-not-to-take-up-armenian-genocide-resolution-112371744.html)

### Related:

1. [ Turkey recalls its ambassador to the United States due to anger over an upcoming House of Representatives vote on recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2007/10/11/turkey-recalls-its-ambassador-to-the-united-states-due-to-anger-over-an-upcoming-house-of-representatives-vote-on-recognizing-the-armenian.md) _Context: Turkey, US House of Representatives, genocide of Armenians_
2. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
3. [The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-genocide-provoking-a-furious-reac.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
4. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
6. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
7. [The President of Armenia accuses Turkey of "destroying" a bid to normalize relations between the two countries, who are locked in a dispute over the mass killings of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War I. ](/news/2011/01/17/the-president-of-armenia-accuses-turkey-of-destroying-a-bid-to-normalize-relations-between-the-two-countries-who-are-locked-in-a-dispute.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
8. [The United States House of Representatives decides not to take up a resolution declaring the mass killings of Armenians early last century a genocide, helping the administration to avoid a diplomatic clash with Turkey. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-decides-not-to-take-up-a-resolution-declaring-the-mass-killings-of-armenians-early-last-century-a.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
9. [Two Armenian men sue Turkey, the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey and Ziraat Bankasi bank in the United States district court in California for damages allegedly caused by the Armenian genocide in 1915. ](/news/2010/07/30/two-armenian-men-sue-turkey-the-central-bank-of-the-republic-of-turkey-and-ziraat-bankasa-bank-in-the-united-states-district-court-in-cali.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
10. [The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the United States House of Representatives accepts a resolution describing the Armenian Genocide as "genocide", prompting Turkey to recall its ambassador and threatening Turkey-United States relations. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-committee-on-foreign-affairs-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-accepts-a-resolution-describing-the-armenian-genocide-as-gen.md) _Context: Turkey, genocide of Armenians_
