### [2007-04-30](/news/2007/04/30/index.md)

#  General Sir Richard Dannatt, the head of the British Army, confirms that Prince Harry will deploy with the Blues and Royals regiment on a six-month tour of duty in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200705/s1910613.htm)

### Related:

1. [A former British Army commanding officer is accused of lying to a public inquiry into the death of Baha Mousa, an Iraqi civilian in his soldiers' custody. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-former-british-army-commanding-officer-is-accused-of-lying-to-a-public-inquiry-into-the-death-of-baha-mousa-an-iraqi-civilian-in-his-sold.md) _Context: British Army, Iraq_
2. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces that HRH Prince Harry of the British Royal Family will not be deployed to Iraq as originally planned, due to the security risks to both himself and his regiment the Blues and Royals. ](/news/2007/05/16/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-hrh-prince-harry-of-the-british-royal-family-will-not-be-deployed-to-iraq-as-origin.md) _Context: Iraq, Prince Harry_
3. [ Iraqi insurgency: Soldiers from the British Army storm a police headquarters in Basra, Iraq, arresting allegedly corrupt officers, transferring prisoners thought to have been subject to torture, and demolishing the building. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6208535.stm]](/news/2006/12/25/iraqi-insurgency-soldiers-from-the-british-army-storm-a-police-headquarters-in-basra-iraq-arresting-allegedly-corrupt-officers-transfer.md) _Context: British Army, Iraq_
4. [ General George William Casey Jr., the top United States commander in Iraq has said it will take 12 to 18 months before Iraqi security forces are ready to take over in the country. ](/news/2006/10/25/general-george-william-casey-jr-the-top-united-states-commander-in-iraq-has-said-it-will-take-12-to-18-months-before-iraqi-security-force.md) _Context: General, Iraq_
5. [ British tabloid The "News of the World" releases a video shot in 2004 by a British soldier showing the repeated kicking and beating of four Iraqi teenagers with batons by other British soldiers. The video contains a commentary by the cameraman urging the soldiers on. The Ministry of Defence began an investigation. One man was arrested on 13 February and two more on 14 February. ](/news/2006/02/12/british-tabloid-the-news-of-the-world-releases-a-video-shot-in-2004-by-a-british-soldier-showing-the-repeated-kicking-and-beating-of-four.md) _Context: British Army, Iraq_
6. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: General, Iraq_
7. [ Belgium's highest court, the Court of Cassation, throws out case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli General Amos Yaron. Also, a case against former U.S. President George H. W. Bush (for war crimes in Iraq) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is dismissed.](/news/2003/09/24/belgium-s-highest-court-the-court-of-cassation-throws-out-case-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-israeli-general-amos-yaron-also.md) _Context: General, Iraq_
8. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
