### [2012-03-22](/news/2012/03/22/index.md)

# The parents of an unarmed black teen boy killed by gunshot wound in a suburb of Orlando in the U.S. state of Florida address a mass rally in New York to call for justice. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-17476830)

### Related:

1. [Circuit Court Judge Debra Nelson in Seminole County, Florida, sentences Matthew Apperson, convicted by a jury last month of second-degree attempted murder, to 20 years in prison for shooting at George Zimmerman, who had shot and killed unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin in February 2012. ](/news/2016/10/17/circuit-court-judge-debra-nelson-in-seminole-county-florida-sentences-matthew-apperson-convicted-by-a-jury-last-month-of-second-degree-at.md) _Context: FL, Trayvon Martin_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in Florida go to the polls to determine presidential nominees. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary with no delegates awarded. ](/news/2008/01/29/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-florida-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-p-new-york-senator-hillar.md) _Context: FL, New York_
3. [ A Cessna 310 registered to the Competitor Liaison Bureau, an arm of NASCAR, attempting an emergency landing at Orlando Sanford International Airport crashes into two homes in Sanford, Florida.  Three people in one of the homes are critically injured, and a fourth person, a four-year-old girl, died; an off-duty firefighter that first responded to the scene was also injured.  Two people in the other house and both the pilot and passenger in the Cessna are killed; the passenger was Dr. Bruce Kennedy, husband of International Speedway Corporation president Lesa Kennedy and brother-in-law of NASCAR chief Brian France. ](/news/2007/07/10/a-cessna-310-registered-to-the-competitor-liaison-bureau-an-arm-of-nascar-attempting-an-emergency-landing-at-orlando-sanford-internationa.md) _Context: FL, a suburb of Orlando_
4. [U.S. senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/u-s-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-its-drug-wa.md) _Context: FL_
5. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: FL_
6. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York_
7. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York_
8. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York_
9. [A Sabal Trail Transmission Pipeline protester who was seen firing a high powered rifle at the pipeline construction site in Florida was chased by police until his car crashed. The suspect was shot and killed by a deputy after he tried to engage police in a gunfight ](/news/2017/02/26/a-sabal-trail-transmission-pipeline-protester-who-was-seen-firing-a-high-powered-rifle-at-the-pipeline-construction-site-in-florida-was-chas.md) _Context: FL_
10. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: FL_
