### [2003-01-31](/news/2003/01/31/index.md)

# France strongly advises its citizens to leave the Ivory Coast. 1,500 French nationals remain trapped in the airport of the commercial capital Abidjan, which is surrounded by a crowd of around 5,000 supporters of President Laurent Gbagbo. Last week, the French brokered a power-sharing deal between the Government and the Northern rebels.




### Related:

1. [2010-2011 Ivorian crisis: Heavy fighting continues in Abidjan, the largest city in the Ivory Coast between forces loyal to current President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo and internationally-recognised claimant Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2011/04/1/2010a2011-ivorian-crisis-heavy-fighting-continues-in-abidjan-the-largest-city-in-the-ivory-coast-between-forces-loyal-to-current-preside.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Laurent Gbagbo_
2. [State television is taken off air in the city of Abidjan, Ivory Coast, during clashes between forces loyal to incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo and rival groups. ](/news/2011/02/27/state-television-is-taken-off-air-in-the-city-of-abidjan-ivory-coast-during-clashes-between-forces-loyal-to-incumbent-president-laurent-gb.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Laurent Gbagbo_
3. [ The first 49 of a promised 1,264 West African peacekeepers arrive at Abidjan, Ivory Coast, to help supervise the cease-fire between the government of President Laurent Gbagbo and the main rebel group, the Patriotic Movement of the Ivory Coast. Rebellion against the Gbagbo government began September 19, 2002. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) agreed to send peacekeepers on September 29. The EECOWAS peacekeepers will join 2,500 French forces. Rebel groups occupy the northern half of Ivory Coast.](/news/2003/01/2/the-first-49-of-a-promised-1-264-west-african-peacekeepers-arrive-at-abidjan-ivory-coast-to-help-supervise-the-cease-fire-between-the-gov.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Laurent Gbagbo_
4. [At least three prisoners die in a prison riot in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. ](/news/2013/07/24/at-least-three-prisoners-die-in-a-prison-riot-in-abidjan-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast_
5. [Gunmen seize a Nigerian-owned, Panama-flagged tanker with crew off the coast of Abidjan in the Ivory Coast. ](/news/2013/01/21/gunmen-seize-a-nigerian-owned-panama-flagged-tanker-with-crew-off-the-coast-of-abidjan-in-the-ivory-coast.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast_
6. [2013 Houphouet-Boigny stampede: At least 60 people are killed and more than 200 injured in a stampede during a New Year's fireworks celebration near the Stade Felix Houphouet-Boigny in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. ](/news/2013/01/1/2013-houphoua-t-boigny-stampede-at-least-60-people-are-killed-and-more-than-200-injured-in-a-stampede-during-a-new-year-s-fireworks-celebra.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast_
7. [An attack on an army base in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, kills six people. ](/news/2012/08/6/an-attack-on-an-army-base-in-abidjan-ivory-coast-kills-six-people.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast_
8. [A bus in Ivory Coast plunges into the capital Abidjan's lagoon, killing 12 people. ](/news/2011/08/5/a-bus-in-ivory-coast-plunges-into-the-capital-abidjan-s-lagoon-killing-12-people.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast_
9. [In the wake of the 2010-2011 Ivorian crisis, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights states that mass graves containing 68 bodies have been found in the Ivorian city of Abidjan. ](/news/2011/05/9/in-the-wake-of-the-2010a2011-ivorian-crisis-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-states-that-mass-graves-containing-68-b.md) _Context: Abidjan, Ivory Coast_
10. [Dozens of people are killed in fighting between the National Armed Forces of Cote d'Ivoire and forces loyal to former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in Abidjan. ](/news/2011/05/3/dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-fighting-between-the-national-armed-forces-of-ca-te-d-ivoire-and-forces-loyal-to-former-president-of-the-ivor.md) _Context: Abidjan, Laurent Gbagbo_
