### [2004-07-2](/news/2004/07/2/index.md)

#  U.S. presidential election: Several Democratic Party members of the U.S. House of Representatives request that the United Nations send observers to monitor the November 2 presidential election, citing the disputed 2000 presidential outcome. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=1521&u=/afp/20040702/pl_afp/us_vote_congress_040702062257&printer=1)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ U.S. presidential election: The BBC reports that it has obtained a document from George W. Bush's Florida campaign headquarters containing a list of 1,886 names and addresses of voters in largely African-American and Democratic areas of Jacksonville, Florida. Democratic Party officials allege that the document is a "caging list" that the Bush campaign intends to use to issue mass challenges to African-American voters, in violation of federal law. ](/news/2004/10/27/u-s-presidential-election-the-bbc-reports-that-it-has-obtained-a-document-from-george-w-bush-s-florida-campaign-headquarters-containing.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic_
3. [ U.S. presidential campaign: Former Republican President Dwight Eisenhower's son John Eisenhower endorses Democrat John Kerry's presidential bid. ](/news/2004/09/29/u-s-presidential-campaign-former-republican-president-dwight-eisenhower-s-son-john-eisenhower-endorses-democrat-john-kerry-s-presidential.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: Democratic, last election_
5. [ Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeats Republican Larry Diedrich in a closely watched by-election for South Dakota's US House seat. ](/news/2004/06/1/democrat-stephanie-herseth-narrowly-defeats-republican-larry-diedrich-in-a-closely-watched-by-election-for-south-dakota-s-us-house-seat.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic_
7. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic_
8. [Al Gore endorses Howard Dean's candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination for the 2004 U.S. presidential election. [http://www.msnbc.com/news/1002878.asp?0sl=-21&cp1=1]](/news/2003/12/9/al-gore-endorses-howard-dean-s-candidacy-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-for-the-2004-u-s-presidential-election-http-www-msn.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic_
9. [ U.S. Representative James P. Moran, Democrat from Virginia, is forced out of a party leadership post after furor over his remarks that were interpreted as saying that American Jews are responsible for a possible war with Iraq.](/news/2003/03/14/u-s-representative-james-p-moran-democrat-from-virginia-is-forced-out-of-a-party-leadership-post-after-furor-over-his-remarks-that-were.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator Bob Graham of Florida announces his candidacy for the Democratic Party nomination of President.](/news/2003/02/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-bob-graham-of-florida-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-democratic-party-nomination-of-president.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Democratic_
