### [2004-10-9](/news/2004/10/9/index.md)

#  In the northern Gaza Strip, Israeli troops shoot and kill Abed Rauf Nabhan, a local Hamas leader, as he prepares to fire an anti-tank missile at Israeli tanks in Jebaliya. The Israeli military says that Nabhan was responsible for a rocket attack that killed two Israeli children in Sderot on Sukkot eve. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=152070)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3728800.stm)
3. [Maariv](http://www.maarivintl.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=article&articleID=11238)

### Related:

1. [ Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-the-gaza-strip-with-no-casual.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Sderot_
2. [ Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-damage-in-residential-areas-but-no-casualties-israel-air-fo.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Sderot_
3. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Sderot_
4. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
5. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
6. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
7. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
8. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
9. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
10. [In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-suspected-hamas-positions.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
