### [2004-06-13](/news/2004/06/13/index.md)

#  Taiwanese pop singer A-Mei cancels a concert in the mainland Chinese city of Hangzhou after protesters accused her of supporting Taiwan independence. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3802859.stm)

### Related:

1. [Typhoon Meranti hits mainland China and Taiwan killing at least eight people and destroying 1,600 houses. ](/news/2016/09/16/typhoon-meranti-hits-mainland-china-and-taiwan-killing-at-least-eight-people-and-destroying-1-600-houses.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
2. [Taiwan prepares to permanently ban killing of poultry in traditional markets amid concerns over the spread of the H7N9 avian flu virus in mainland China. ](/news/2013/04/17/taiwan-prepares-to-permanently-ban-killing-of-poultry-in-traditional-markets-amid-concerns-over-the-spread-of-the-h7n9-avian-flu-virus-in-ma.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
3. [ Taiwanese universities announce they will admit mainland Chinese students for the first time next year. ](/news/2009/11/18/taiwanese-universities-announce-they-will-admit-mainland-chinese-students-for-the-first-time-next-year.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
4. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: independence, the Republic of China_
5. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
6. [ In mainland China, authorities evacuate more than a million people from Fujian and Zhejiang provinces due to Typhoon Haitang. In Taiwan, death toll rises to 7 with one missing and 31 injured. The typhoon also causes significant agricultural damage ](/news/2005/07/20/in-mainland-china-authorities-evacuate-more-than-a-million-people-from-fujian-and-zhejiang-provinces-due-to-typhoon-haitang-in-taiwan-de.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
7. [ The first direct flights between mainland China and Taiwan since 1949 will take place in time for the Chinese New Year.](/news/2005/01/29/the-first-direct-flights-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-since-1949-will-take-place-in-time-for-the-chinese-new-year.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
8. [ The Straits Aviation Exchange Commission and Taipei Airlines Association announce that the first direct flights between mainland China and Taiwan since 1949 will be allowed to occur during the Chinese New Year holidays. ](/news/2005/01/15/the-straits-aviation-exchange-commission-and-taipei-airlines-association-announce-that-the-first-direct-flights-between-mainland-china-and.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
9. [ Political status of Taiwan: President Chen Shui-bian proposes to set up a demilitarized zone between Taiwan and mainland China.](/news/2004/02/3/political-status-of-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-proposes-to-set-up-a-demilitarized-zone-between-taiwan-and-mainland-china.md) _Context: mainland China, the Republic of China_
10. [ The Taiwan (ROC)'s pro-independence president, Chen Shui-bian, states that Taiwan may eventually reunify with Mainland China. Nonetheless, Chen rejects the People's Republic of China's "one country, two systems" formula which was applied to Hong Kong and Macau. This is a new step for Chen who, shortly after taking office in 2000, had said unification was just one option--comments widely seen as a push for independence for the island. ](/news/2004/02/16/the-taiwan-roc-s-pro-independence-president-chen-shui-bian-states-that-taiwan-may-eventually-reunify-with-mainland-china-nonetheless.md) _Context: independence, mainland China_
