### [2012-05-27](/news/2012/05/27/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Beryl makes landfall near the US city of Jacksonville with northern Florida and southern Georgia. 

Beaches in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina braced for the arrival of Tropical Storm Beryl, which made landfall late Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Florida Times Union](http://jacksonville.com/news/florida/2012-05-27/story/beryl-bears-down-bringing-strong-rain-and-wind)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/28/us/tropical-storm-beryl-threatens-the-southeast.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [A gunman kills the headmaster of the Episcopal School of Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida, USA, and then kills himself. ](/news/2012/03/6/a-gunman-kills-the-headmaster-of-the-episcopal-school-of-jacksonville-in-jacksonville-florida-usa-and-then-kills-himself.md) _Context: Florida, Jacksonville, Florida_
2. [ An explosion and fire at a T2 Laboratories facility in Jacksonville, Florida, results in four deaths and 14 injuries. ](/news/2007/12/19/an-explosion-and-fire-at-a-t2-laboratories-facility-in-jacksonville-florida-results-in-four-deaths-and-14-injuries.md) _Context: Florida, Jacksonville, Florida_
3. [ Lightning is determined to be the cause of "the Bugaboo fire" in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge in Georgia which eventually spread to Florida charring hundreds of thousands of acres. ](/news/2007/05/5/lightning-is-determined-to-be-the-cause-of-the-bugaboo-fire-in-the-okefenokee-national-wildlife-refuge-in-georgia-which-eventually-spread.md) _Context: Florida, Georgia_
4. [ U.S. presidential election: The BBC reports that it has obtained a document from George W. Bush's Florida campaign headquarters containing a list of 1,886 names and addresses of voters in largely African-American and Democratic areas of Jacksonville, Florida. Democratic Party officials allege that the document is a "caging list" that the Bush campaign intends to use to issue mass challenges to African-American voters, in violation of federal law. ](/news/2004/10/27/u-s-presidential-election-the-bbc-reports-that-it-has-obtained-a-document-from-george-w-bush-s-florida-campaign-headquarters-containing.md) _Context: Florida, Jacksonville, Florida_
5. [ Hurricane Frances, now downgraded to a tropical depression, dumps up to 5&nbsp;inches (127 mm) of rain on Georgia. At least nine deaths in Florida, two deaths in the Bahamas, and one death in Georgia are blamed on the storm. Damage estimates range widely from US$2 to US$15 billion. NASA's Vehicle Assembly Building was heavily damaged by the storm. ](/news/2004/09/7/hurricane-frances-now-downgraded-to-a-tropical-depression-dumps-up-to-5-nbsp-inches-127-mm-of-rain-on-georgia-at-least-nine-deaths-in.md) _Context: Florida, Georgia_
6. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
7. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: Georgia_
9. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: Georgia_
