
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hots.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hots.json)  [XML](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hots.xml)  

### [2016-03-23](/news/2016/03/23/index.md)

##### European migrant crisis
# Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." 

&quot;We refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for humanitarian or protection needs.&quot;


### Sources:

1. [New Europe](http://neurope.eu/article/unhcr-msf-withdraw-hotspots-calling-prisons/)
2. [Vox Media](http://www.vox.com/2016/3/23/11291612/eu-greece-refugee-inhumane)
2. [Cover Image](https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/hD26dfY7Hd8Oaiyd9N72XkZxr0M=/0x237:4252x2599/1080x600/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/49148985/GettyImages-494692316.0.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." ](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hot.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [European migrant crisis: Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, -We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants.- ](/news/2016/03/23/european-migrant-crisis-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawin.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." ](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hots.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
2. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, migrants_
3. [United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-cri.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, UN Refugee Agency_
4. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, migrants_
5. [The UN Refugee Agency reports that more than 900,000 people have been displaced by the ongoing fighting in the central provinces of DR Congo between militias and government forces since 2016. ](/news/2018/03/6/the-un-refugee-agency-reports-that-more-than-900-000-people-have-been-displaced-by-the-ongoing-fighting-in-the-central-provinces-of-dr-congo.md) _Context: UN Refugee Agency_
