### [2007-03-3](/news/2007/03/3/index.md)

#  A total lunar eclipse is visible from the Midwestern United States to Southeast Asia from 22:44 to 23:58 GMT. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/6411991.stm)

### Related:

1. [Effects of global warming on South Asia: New research suggests that large parts of Southern Asia may be uninhabitable by 2100 due to levels of humidity dangerous to humans. ](/news/2017/08/2/effects-of-global-warming-on-south-asia-new-research-suggests-that-large-parts-of-southern-asia-may-be-uninhabitable-by-2100-due-to-levels.md) _Context: Asia_
2. [Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28-30, 2017: The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/tornado-outbreak-and-floods-of-april-28-30-2017-the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-r.md) _Context: midwestern_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The Zika virus outbreak in Singapore which has infected over 200 people likely evolved from Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/09/4/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-zika-virus-outbreak-in-singapore-which-has-infected-over-200-people-likely-evolved-from-southeast-asia.md) _Context: Asia_
4. [2016 Southeast Asian haze: In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeast-asian-haze-in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires.md) _Context: Asia_
5. [Pulitzer Prizes: The Associated Press wins the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for documenting the use of slave labor in Southeast Asia to supply seafood to American tables. ](/news/2016/04/18/pulitzer-prizes-the-associated-press-wins-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-documenting-the-use-of-slave-labor-in-southeast-asia-to.md) _Context: Asia_
6. [2014-16 El Nino event: A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/2014-16-el-nia-o-event-a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-b.md) _Context: Asia_
7. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: midwestern_
8. [Myanmar general election, 2015: Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military chief, pledges to work with the new civilian government that takes over the Southeast Asian country next week, after 54 years of direct or indirect rule by the military. ](/news/2016/03/27/myanmar-general-election-2015-senior-general-min-aung-hlaing-myanmar-s-military-chief-pledges-to-work-with-the-new-civilian-government-t.md) _Context: Asia_
9. [Scientists warn a new strain of the Panama Disease fungus, which in the 1950s nearly wiped out the most popular banana in the world, the Gros Michel, is threatening today's favorite, the Cavendish, according to a new study published in "PLOS Pathogens". This untreatable fungal disease, called Tropical Race 4, has been active for decades in Southeast Asia. It recently has spread to other parts of Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and Australia, and is expected to make its way to Latin America, where the vast majority of the world's exported bananas are grown. ](/news/2015/12/6/scientists-warn-a-new-strain-of-the-panama-disease-fungus-which-in-the-1950s-nearly-wiped-out-the-most-popular-banana-in-the-world-the-gro.md) _Context: Asia_
10. [2015 Missouri flooding: Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/2015-missouri-flooding-record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations.md) _Context: midwestern_
