### [2010-12-23](/news/2010/12/23/index.md)

# China describes recent criticism of its control on the Catholic Church by the Vatican as "imprudent and ungrounded". 

The Chinese government has challenged the role played by the Pope and suggested that the Vatican was misguiding Catholics in the country. The statement indicated intensifying of the old conflict between the two sides.


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/china/Rift-widens-as-China-lashes-out-at-Pope/articleshow/7150324.cms)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/24/world/asia/24iht-letter24.html)

### Related:

1. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers'  audit of its finances over questions whether  proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move   exposes the rift between the church's old guard  and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church's commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-decembe.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Vatican_
2. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Vatican_
3. [Pope Francis appoints a panel of nine high-ranking prelates from around the world to advise him of the running of the Catholic Church and advise him on the reform of the Vatican bureaucracy. ](/news/2013/04/13/pope-francis-appoints-a-panel-of-nine-high-ranking-prelates-from-around-the-world-to-advise-him-of-the-running-of-the-catholic-church-and-ad.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Vatican_
4. [ The Vatican dismisses Zambia's controversial Roman Catholic Church archbishop Emmanuel Milingo. ](/news/2009/12/18/the-vatican-dismisses-zambia-s-controversial-roman-catholic-church-archbishop-emmanuel-milingo.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Vatican_
5. [ In a set of canon laws, the Vatican welcomes groups of Anglicans as "personal ordinariates" into the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI announces. ](/news/2009/10/20/in-a-set-of-canon-laws-the-vatican-welcomes-groups-of-anglicans-as-personal-ordinariates-into-the-catholic-church-pope-benedict-xvi-ann.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Vatican_
6. [The Catholic Church announces that cremated remains must be kept in consecrated land, rather than scattered about or kept at home. The Church first permitted cremation in 1963, but still strongly favours burial. ](/news/2016/10/25/the-catholic-church-announces-that-cremated-remains-must-be-kept-in-consecrated-land-rather-than-scattered-about-or-kept-at-home-the-churc.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
7. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Vatican_
8. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: Vatican_
9. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
10. [Pope Francis calls for a worldwide ban on the death penalty and urges Christian leaders to work to stop executions as part of the church's Holy Year of Mercy. ](/news/2016/02/21/pope-francis-calls-for-a-worldwide-ban-on-the-death-penalty-and-urges-christian-leaders-to-work-to-stop-executions-as-part-of-the-church-s-h.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
