### [2010-11-26](/news/2010/11/26/index.md)

# A gunman opens fire at a Kuomintang political rally in Taiwan; prominent member Sean Lien is shot in the face. 

A gunman opened fire on a campaign rally near Taipei yesterday, killing one man and critically wounding the son of a former vice-president on the eve of key local elections. A suspect is in custody and may belong to a gang.


### Source:

1. [Focus Taiwan News Channel](http://focustaiwan.tw/ShowNews/WebNews_Detail.aspx?Type=aIPL&ID=201011270001)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/shooting-mars-taiwan-local-elections-2145025.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://img5.cna.com.tw/Eng/WebEngPhotos//CEP/20101127/2010112700011.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
2. [Taiwan's opposition Democratic Progressive Party wins all three seats in by-elections against the ruling Kuomintang. ](/news/2010/01/9/taiwan-s-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-wins-all-three-seats-in-by-elections-against-the-ruling-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
3. [ The opposition Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan makes large gains in local elections against the Kuomintang. ](/news/2009/12/6/the-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-in-taiwan-makes-large-gains-in-local-elections-against-the-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
4. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
5. [ Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China calls for resumption of official talks between mainland China and Taiwan in a meeting with Wu Po-hsiung, the Chairman of Taiwan's ruling party the Kuomintang. ](/news/2008/05/29/hu-jintao-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-calls-for-resumption-of-official-talks-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-in-a-me.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
6. [ ROC local elections, 2005: Republic of China (Taiwan) opposition party Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) makes major gains in municipal elections, taking 14 of 23 mayor or county magistrate seats. Ruling Democratic Progressive Party takes six seats. People First Party and New Party each takes one seat, and an independent wins one seat. DPP chairman Su Tseng-chang resigns to take responsibility for his party's defeat. ](/news/2005/12/3/roc-local-elections-2005-republic-of-china-taiwan-opposition-party-kuomintang-chinese-nationalist-party-makes-major-gains-in-municipa.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
7. [ The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-high-court-in-the-republic-of-china-rejects-a-petition-by-the-kuomintang-to-nullify-the-march-2004-presidential-election-result-that-sa.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
8. [ ROC Presidential Election 2004: The Kuomintang drops its opposition to holding a referendum on Taiwan independence, a position that has been advocated by President Chen Shui-bian.](/news/2003/11/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-kuomintang-drops-its-opposition-to-holding-a-referendum-on-taiwan-independence-a-position-that-has-bee.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
9. [ China resumes diplomatic ties with SGBPo Tome and Principe two weeks after the African island nation broke diplomatic ties with Taiwan. ](/news/2016/12/26/china-resumes-diplomatic-ties-with-sagbpo-toma-c-and-prancipe-two-weeks-after-the-african-island-nation-broke-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
10. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
