### [2010-11-26](/news/2010/11/26/index.md)

# China warns the U.S. against performing any military acts within their exclusive economic zone, ahead of joint South Korean-U.S. military exercises aimed at  threatening North Korea. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6AP1S620101126)

### Related:

1. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Exclusive Economic Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
3. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea ends all peace pacts with South Korea and closes the main Panmunjom border crossing inside the Korean Demilitarized Zone. North Korean generals affirm they are aiming their long range missiles at the U.S. mainland in retaliation for the recently approved U.N. sanctions. ](/news/2013/03/8/north-korea-ends-all-peace-pacts-with-south-korea-and-closes-the-main-panmunjom-border-crossing-inside-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-north.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
5. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:Suspected Boko Haram militants kill three doctors in the northeastern Nigerian region of Yobe. Their nationality is disputed, with reports suggesting they are South Korean, North Korean or Chinese. ](/news/2013/02/10/nigerian-sharia-conflict-psuspected-boko-haram-militants-kill-three-doctors-in-the-northeastern-nigerian-region-of-yobe-their-nationality-i.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korea's first satellite successfully put into orbit, Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2, appears to be spinning out of control, according to U.S. officials. South Korean sources later deny the report, saying the satellite appears to be orbiting Earth normally. ](/news/2012/12/13/north-korea-s-first-satellite-successfully-put-into-orbit-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-appears-to-be-spinning-out-of-control-according-to-u.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
8. [China and South Korea discuss the potential security threat presented by North Korean aggression. ](/news/2010/04/30/china-and-south-korea-discuss-the-potential-security-threat-presented-by-north-korean-aggression.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: China, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [ 2006 North Korean nuclear testing: North Korea warns that any participation by South Korea in U.S. led sanctions would be seen as a serious provocation leading to a "crisis of war" on the Korean peninsula. ](/news/2006/10/25/2006-north-korean-nuclear-testing-north-korea-warns-that-any-participation-by-south-korea-in-u-s-led-sanctions-would-be-seen-as-a-serious.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S._
