### [2010-11-26](/news/2010/11/26/index.md)

# Irish financial crisis.  Widespread speculation that senior bondholders of Irish banks will have to take a "haircut" -- i.e. share in the costs of an EU bailout -- leads to downgrades in the credit worthiness of the institutions that hads the most at stake in the ballooning property values of recent years. 

Ireland&#039;s banks suffered a string of credit downgrades Friday&mdash;one reduced to junk-bond status &mdash;as speculation mounted that an EU-IMF bailout of Ireland could require senior bondholders to share the massive bill. 


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/id/40384070)

### Related:

1. [Irish financial crisis:European Union finance ministers meet to work out the details for rescuing the Irish economy, and to outline an agreement for a fund to rescue other economically troubled euro-zone nations. ](/news/2010/11/28/irish-financial-crisis-peuropean-union-finance-ministers-meet-to-work-out-the-details-for-rescuing-the-irish-economy-and-to-outline-an-agre.md) _Context: European Union, falls back into recession_
2. [Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. ](/news/2010/11/18/officials-from-the-international-monetary-fund-the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-union-arrive-in-dublin-to-discuss-the-irish-debt.md) _Context: European Union, falls back into recession_
3. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: European Union_
4. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: European Union_
5. [Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrainians-visa-free-travel-to-the-europea.md) _Context: European Union_
6. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union_
7. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union_
8. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: European Union_
