### [2014-04-19](/news/2014/04/19/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Ukraine suspends operations against pro-Russian militants in the east of the country over Easter. 

Ukraine suspends operations against pro-Russian militants occupying government offices in the east over Easter, but the stand-off remains.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27086511)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: The pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk, who are now in great danger of being encircled by the Ukraine government forces, renew their calls for Russia to send troops and arms to their aid. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-the-pro-russian-separatists-in-donetsk-who-are-now-in-great-danger-of-being-encircled.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine free a Swedish observer, but not the other seven European monitors they have been holding for three days.](/news/2014/04/27/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-rebels-in-ukraine-free-a-swedish-observer-but-not-the-other-seven-european-monitors-they-h.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Russia and Ukraine together with the United States and the European Union sit down for emergency talks in Geneva. All four agree that "illegal military formations in Ukraine" must be dissolved, and that everyone occupying buildings must be disarmed and leave them. There would be an amnesty for all anti-government protesters under the agreement. ](/news/2014/04/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-russia-and-ukraine-together-with-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-sit-down-for-emergency-talks.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
6. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
7. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
8. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
9. [War in Donbass: German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation: Czech President Milos Zeman says in an interview that the Crimean peninsula can never be returned to Ukraine, notwithstanding the fact that it was "de facto" annexed by Russia. ](/news/2016/09/9/annexation-of-crimea-by-the-russian-federation-czech-president-milos-zeman-says-in-an-interview-that-the-crimean-peninsula-can-never-be-ret.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
