### [2014-04-19](/news/2014/04/19/index.md)

# India is halfway through elections for  16th Lok Sabha in world's biggest election with an electorate of 815 million voters.

India called a quarter of its 815 million voters to polls on Thursday, the biggest day of its staggered election, in areas ranging from Himalayan passes to a southern IT hub and western sugarcane farms.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/04/17/us-india-election-idINKBN0D301R20140417)

### Related:

1. [Indian general election, 2014:In India over 60 million people vote in 64 constituencies today across 7 states for 16th Lok Sabha. ](/news/2014/05/7/indian-general-election-2014-pin-india-over-60-million-people-vote-in-64-constituencies-today-across-7-states-for-16th-lok-sabha.md) _Context: India, Indian general election, election_
2. [The ninth and final phase of election concluded in India, with an all time high voter turnout of 66.64%, which is overall the highest in the history of Lok Sabha. Final results will be declared on May 16.](/news/2014/05/12/the-ninth-and-final-phase-of-election-concluded-in-india-with-an-all-time-high-voter-turnout-of-66-64-which-is-overall-the-highest-in-the.md) _Context: India, Indian general election, election_
3. [Indian general election, 2014:Voters in India start going to the polls in a six-week General Election which will end on May 12. ](/news/2014/04/7/indian-general-election-2014-pvoters-in-india-start-going-to-the-polls-in-a-six-week-general-election-which-will-end-on-may-12.md) _Context: India, Indian general election_
4. [Indian general election:There is high turnout in 6th phase of elections for 16th Lok Sabha, in 11 states, for 117 seats and 180 million voters.](/news/2014/04/24/indian-general-election-pthere-is-high-turnout-in-6th-phase-of-elections-for-16th-lok-sabha-in-11-states-for-117-seats-and-180-million-vot.md) _Context: Indian general election, election_
5. [In India, six police and election officials have been killed as violence hits restive Maoist region and Kashmir.](/news/2014/04/24/in-india-six-police-and-election-officials-have-been-killed-as-violence-hits-restive-maoist-region-and-kashmir.md) _Context: India, election_
6. [Indian general election, 2014:Voters in twelve states of India go to the polls for the biggest day of voting during the election process. ](/news/2014/04/17/indian-general-election-2014-pvoters-in-twelve-states-of-india-go-to-the-polls-for-the-biggest-day-of-voting-during-the-election-process.md) _Context: India, Indian general election_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
