### [2012-11-18](/news/2012/11/18/index.md)

# An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. 

Israel maintains air strikes on Gaza and militants continue to fire rockets into Israel as the fifth day of unrest becomes the deadliest so far.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20383001)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20386755)
3. [HaAretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/netanyahu-to-foreign-leaders-will-accept-comprehensive-ceasefire-if-the-rocket-fire-stops.premium-1.478664/netanyahu-to-foreign-leaders-will-accept-comprehensive-ceasefire-if-the-rocket-fire-stops.premium-1.478664)
4. [NBC News](http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/11/18/15252420-netanyahu-israel-prepared-for-significant-expansion-of-gaza-operation?lite)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?id=292424)
5. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/64219000/jpg/_64219843_danahar.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [ Israeli Defense Forces in the Gaza Strip discover grenades made by Hamas from humanitarian supplies. ](/news/2009/02/13/israeli-defense-forces-in-the-gaza-strip-discover-grenades-made-by-hamas-from-humanitarian-supplies.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert declares a unilateral ceasefire beginning January 18 at 2:00 am Israel Standard Time (UTC+2) in its conflict with Hamas. However, Israeli Defense Forces will remain in the Gaza Strip until further notice. ](/news/2009/01/17/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-declares-a-unilateral-ceasefire-beginning-january-18-at-2-00-am-israel-standard-time-utc-2-in-its-conf.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [ Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-strip-against-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
