### [2012-11-18](/news/2012/11/18/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Gunfire from conflict in Syria hits an Israeli army position in the Golan Heights, prompting return fire. 

Syria’s information minister accused France, Turkey and Qatar of supporting “terrorism” in Syria by extending diplomatic recognition to a new opposition coalition.


### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2012/11/18/250295.html)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/19/world/middleeast/syria-assails-foreign-support-for-rebels.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: Israel-Syria relations: Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war:: Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-four-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-is.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war:: Israel and Syria exchange gunfire on the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/21/syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-gunfire-on-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war:: Three Syrian tanks have entered the demilitarized zone in the Golan Heights. Israel has launched a formal complaint to the United Nations. ](/news/2012/11/13/syrian-civil-war-three-syrian-tanks-have-entered-the-demilitarized-zone-in-the-golan-heights-israel-has-launched-a-formal-complaint-to-th.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel_
6. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Israel, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Israel, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Israel-Syria relations: Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-aft.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Israel-Syria relations: The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/israel-syria-relations-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-o.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel_
