### [2015-02-12](/news/2015/02/12/index.md)

# Julius Malema and members of the Economic Freedom Fighters are forcibly removed from the National Assembly of South Africa during President Jacob Zuma's State of the Nation address. 

The State of the Nation address in parliament descended into chaos and violence last night.


### Source:

1. [Times Live] [http://www.sabc.co.za/news/a/f51eda804748888f98439dda2831d264/Zuma-delivers-SONA-2015-20151202 SABC](http://www.timeslive.co.za/thetimes/2015/02/13/state-of-chaos)

### Related:

1. [The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-president-jacob-zuma-will-be-h.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, National Assembly of South Africa_
2. [The Constitutional Court of South Africa delivered a unanimous judgement that President Jacob Zuma and the National Assembly failed to uphold the country's constitution by ignoring the findings of the Public Protector regarding public expenditure on Zuma's private homestead. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-constitutional-court-of-south-africa-delivered-a-unanimous-judgement-that-president-jacob-zuma-and-the-national-assembly-failed-to-uphol.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, National Assembly of South Africa_
3. [President Jacob Zuma survives his eighth no-confidence motion in parliament via a 198-177 secret ballot vote with nine abstentions. The rand fell by 1 percent on the announcement of the outcome.  ](/news/2017/08/8/president-jacob-zuma-survives-his-eighth-no-confidence-motion-in-parliament-via-a-198a177-secret-ballot-vote-with-nine-abstentions-the-ra.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
4. [Over 50,000 people participate in the ongoing Democratic Alliance protests in South Africa against President Jacob Zuma. ](/news/2017/04/7/over-50-000-people-participate-in-the-ongoing-democratic-alliance-protests-in-south-africa-against-president-jacob-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
5. [Julius Malema addresses a large, multi-racial crowd in Pretoria before their march on the Union buildings. ](/news/2017/04/12/julius-malema-addresses-a-large-multi-racial-crowd-in-pretoria-before-their-march-on-the-union-buildings.md) _Context: Julius Malema_
6. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
7. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
8. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
9. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
10. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma_
