### [2015-02-12](/news/2015/02/12/index.md)

# The US Senate confirms Ashton Carter as the 25th Secretary of Defense. 

Senate set to confirm Carter as Defense secretary


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/02/12/ashton-carter-defense-secretary-confirmation/23292737/)

### Related:

1. [The public interest non-profit Cause for Action files a Freedom of Information Act request for United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter-s personal emails following his disclosure of using that account for official government emails, this in the wake of the former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton email controversy and the Office of Personnel Management data breach. The U.S. Federal Records Act restricts use of personal email for official business. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-public-interest-non-profit-cause-for-action-files-a-freedom-of-information-act-request-for-united-states-secretary-of-defense-ashton-car.md) _Context: Ashton Carter, Secretary of Defense_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter warns that the People's Republic of China's island building in the South China Sea is undermining security in the Asia-Pacific region and has called for a diplomatic solution. ](/news/2015/05/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-ashton-carter-warns-that-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Ashton Carter, Secretary of Defense_
3. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-ma.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
5. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names retired United States Marine Corps general James Mattis as United States Secretary of Defense. ](/news/2016/12/1/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-retired-united-states-marine-corps-general-james-mattis-as-unite.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
6. [2016 Republican National Convention. Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/2016-republican-national-convention-senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-aft.md) _Context: Senator_
7. [Yemeni Crisis. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
9. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fi.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
10. [Military intervention against ISIL. While testifying about the United States military-s current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will -Americanize- the conflict. The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials -did little to assuage lawmakers- concerns that the strategy isn-t working.-- At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. ](/news/2015/12/10/military-intervention-against-isil-while-testifying-about-the-united-states-military-s-current-strategy-vice-chairman-of-the-joint-chief.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense_
