### [2015-02-12](/news/2015/02/12/index.md)

# The FBI launches a hate crime investigation into the February 11 killing of three Muslim students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. 




### Source:

1. [News Observer](http://www.newsobserver.com/2015/02/12/4550644_hundreds-gather-at-funeral-for.html?rh=1)

### Related:

1. [ The chairman of the British Council of Mosques and Imams has advised British Muslim women to refrain from wearing clothing, such as the Hijab, which identifies them as Muslim following a large increase in "Islamophobia" and Hate crimes. ](/news/2005/08/3/the-chairman-of-the-british-council-of-mosques-and-imams-has-advised-british-muslim-women-to-refrain-from-wearing-clothing-such-as-the-hij.md) _Context: Muslim, hate crime_
2. [Crime in Alaska: A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/crime-in-alaska-a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passe.md) _Context: FBI_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Muslim_
4. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [Kidnapping of Elizabeth Thomas: The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/kidnapping-of-elizabeth-thomas-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for.md) _Context: FBI_
