### [2015-02-12](/news/2015/02/12/index.md)

# War in Donbass. The President of Russia Vladimir Putin announces the third peace agreement. 

A breakthrough in Minsk as Putin announces a ceasefire deal following marathon talks to end the fighting in east Ukraine. The Russian president said


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2015-02-12-EU--Ukraine/id-fee6a94c6c3c4ac8b2f7f9d95026f20c)
2. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2015/02/12/breakthrough-in-minsk-as-leaders-agree-to-ceasefire-deal-on-ukraine/)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
2. [War in Donbass. The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/war-in-donbass-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladi.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russia-United States relations. When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Women in Russia. President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/women-in-russia-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [2016 G20 Hangzhou summit. U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-g20-hangzhou-summit-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syria.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
