### [2010-07-18](/news/2010/07/18/index.md)

# A 2001 film, depicting Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu discussing methods of undermining the Oslo Accords and saying the United States is "easy" to manipulate, is aired on Israel's Channel 10. 

Israeli PM seen discussing ways to undermine Oslo Accords in 2001 videotape.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/201071834019513292.html)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel_
