### [2010-07-18](/news/2010/07/18/index.md)

# EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/18/chris-patten-eu-middle-east)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: American, Israel, diplomatic Quartet_
2. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
4. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
5. [The United States offers Israel 20 F-35s and opposition to anti-Israel resolutions in the UN if Israel agrees to a partial 90-day freeze in building in the West Bank, excluding east Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/11/14/the-united-states-offers-israel-20-f-35s-and-opposition-to-anti-israel-resolutions-in-the-un-if-israel-agrees-to-a-partial-90-day-freeze-in.md) _Context: American, Israel, West Bank_
6. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: American, Israel, West Bank_
7. [A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". ](/news/2010/08/22/a-bolivian-flagged-all-female-international-aid-ship-bound-for-gaza-is-delayed-as-cyprus-bans-it-from-passing-with-israel-s-ehud-barak-call.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [The Palestine Liberation Organization's (PLO) executive committee announces that America's George J. Mitchell informed President of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas that the United States had given preliminary approval to the idea of the Quartet on the Middle East having peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2010/08/11/the-palestine-liberation-organization-s-plo-executive-committee-announces-that-america-s-george-j-mitchell-informed-president-of-palestin.md) _Context: American, Israel, diplomatic Quartet_
9. [Israel allegedly confiscates seven oxygen machines en route to hospitals in the West Bank and Gaza as they "came under the category of possible use for non-medical purposes". The Palestinian Ministry of Health asks for the Norwegian Development Agency that donated them to assist in calling for their return. ](/news/2010/06/26/israel-allegedly-confiscates-seven-oxygen-machines-en-route-to-hospitals-in-the-west-bank-and-gaza-as-they-came-under-the-category-of-possi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
10. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-pthe-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-ma.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
