### [2010-07-18](/news/2010/07/18/index.md)

# European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton says that Israel must go beyond easing its blockade of Gaza and throw open its long-closed border. 

Israel must go beyond easing its blockade of Gaza and throw open its border, EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton has said.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10675713)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-07/18/c_13403458.htm)

### Related:

1. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, European Union, Israel_
2. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
3. [European Union Foreign Affairs head, Catherine Ashton, condemns Iran for its ongoing executions of juvenile offenders following the public execution of two juveniles in Bandar Abbas, Iran. ](/news/2011/05/3/european-union-foreign-affairs-head-catherine-ashton-condemns-iran-for-its-ongoing-executions-of-juvenile-offenders-following-the-public-e.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, European Union_
4. [The European Union's foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton expresses what she believes is the even more crucial need for progress in peace talks between the Israelis and the Palestinians due to events in Egypt and other countries. ](/news/2011/02/6/the-european-union-s-foreign-policy-chief-catherine-ashton-expresses-what-she-believes-is-the-even-more-crucial-need-for-progress-in-peace-t.md) _Context: Catherine Ashton, European Union_
5. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
6. [Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat asks the European Union to recognize -two states (Israel and Palestine) along the 1967 borders". ](/news/2010/12/13/palestinian-negotiator-saeb-erakat-asks-the-european-union-to-recognize-two-states-israel-and-palestine-along-the-1967-borders.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
7. [A group of 26 ex-EU leaders has urged the union to impose sanctions on Israel for continuing to build settlements on occupied Palestinian territory. ](/news/2010/12/10/a-group-of-26-ex-eu-leaders-has-urged-the-union-to-impose-sanctions-on-israel-for-continuing-to-build-settlements-on-occupied-palestinian-te.md) _Context: European Union, Israel_
8. [Israel's "eased" blockade of the Gaza strip continues to cripple the Gazan economy. ](/news/2010/11/29/israel-s-eased-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-continues-to-cripple-the-gazan-economy.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli blockade_
9. [Amnesty International calls on Israel to completely lift its blockade of the Gaza Strip after Israel removes the restrictions on all consumer goods. ](/news/2010/07/8/amnesty-international-calls-on-israel-to-completely-lift-its-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-after-israel-removes-the-restrictions-on-all-consume.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli blockade_
10. [Foreign relations of Israel:. Israel drops all restrictions on the free flow of consumer goods into the Gaza Strip, while still restricting a blacklist of weapons, construction materials and dual-use items. These materials will be allowed into the territory with the coordination of international agencies. ](/news/2010/07/5/foreign-relations-of-israel-israel-drops-all-restrictions-on-the-free-flow-of-consumer-goods-into-the-gaza-strip-while-still-restricting.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli blockade_
