### [2010-07-18](/news/2010/07/18/index.md)

# Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri, who says he was abducted by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, says the United States wanted him to confess to being a spy as part of a plan to force the release of three Americans spies caught by Iran. 




### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/20107184120526389.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran passes on to Tehran's Swiss embassy what it describes as evidence proving that the United States Central Intelligence Agency abducted Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri. ](/news/2010/07/4/iran-passes-on-to-tehran-s-swiss-embassy-what-it-describes-as-evidence-proving-that-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-abducted-i.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran, Shahram Amiri, United States_
2. [Shahram Amiri:Shahram Amiri, the Iranian nuclear scientist who says he was abducted by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, returns to Tehran. ](/news/2010/07/15/shahram-amiri-pshahram-amiri-the-iranian-nuclear-scientist-who-says-he-was-abducted-by-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-retur.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran, Shahram Amiri, United States_
3. [Shahram Amiri, the Iranian nuclear scientist allegedly abducted by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, leaves U.S. soil: Iran states it will continue to pursue the case "legally and diplomatically". ](/news/2010/07/14/shahram-amiri-the-iranian-nuclear-scientist-allegedly-abducted-by-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-leaves-u-s-soil-iran-sta.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran, Shahram Amiri, United States_
4. [Shahram Amiri, a scientist involved in Iran's nuclear program, defects to the United States and begins talking to the Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2010/03/31/shahram-amiri-a-scientist-involved-in-iran-s-nuclear-program-defects-to-the-united-states-and-begins-talking-to-the-central-intelligence-a.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran, Shahram Amiri, United States_
5. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, Shahram Amiri, United States_
6. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran, United States_
7. [Pakistani embassy officials confirm missing Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri, who was reported to have been kidnapped by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, is taking refuge in the country's Washington, D.C. embassy. ](/news/2010/07/13/pakistani-embassy-officials-confirm-missing-iranian-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-who-was-reported-to-have-been-kidnapped-by-the-united-s.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran, Shahram Amiri_
8. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
9. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
