### [2010-07-18](/news/2010/07/18/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announces that he will oppose a conversion bill that would give the Chief Rabbinate of Israel the legal power to decide whether any conversion is legitimate and could cause immigrants who converted to Judaism abroad to be denied Israeli citizenship. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jM6aBRPdyhkPppg6lryZftNL2wzQD9H1FDV01)

### Related:

1. [Jewish Democrats ask Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu to stop bringing "daylight" into Israel-United States relations. ](/news/2012/09/24/jewish-democrats-ask-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-to-stop-bringing-daylight-into-israelaunited-states-relations.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Jewish_
2. [Jewish settlers are accused of attacking a mosque in the West Bank, setting alight carpets and daubing Hebrew graffiti on its walls; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu strongly condemns the act. ](/news/2011/06/7/jewish-settlers-are-accused-of-attacking-a-mosque-in-the-west-bank-setting-alight-carpets-and-daubing-hebrew-graffiti-on-its-walls-israeli.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-capt.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as "unacceptable interference". ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Palestinian officials dismiss Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu's speech to the US Congress, saying it will not lead to peace. ](/news/2011/05/25/palestinian-officials-dismiss-israeli-pm-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-to-the-us-congress-saying-it-will-not-lead-to-peace.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
7. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [The Ronald Gardenswartz Jewish Community Center in Albuquerque, New Mexico is evacuated for the second time this year following a bomb threat, after a wave of threats against Jewish institutions in the United States. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-ronald-gardenswartz-jewish-community-center-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-is-evacuated-for-the-second-time-this-year-following-a-bomb-threa.md) _Context: Jewish_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/9/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-blames-the-islamic-state-for-the-attack-that-killed-four-soldiers-and-injured-15-others-in-east-je.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
