### [2010-07-18](/news/2010/07/18/index.md)

# United Nations figures indicate around 225 families remain homeless in Gaza since Israel's three-week military offensive was launched in December 2008. 

Taiwan News Online Taiwan News is one of the most widely visited English-language portals for news about Taiwan, offering the outside world a revealing look at all things Taiwan


### Source:

1. [Taiwan News](http://www.etaiwannews.com/etn/news_content.php?id=1322210&lang=eng_news)

### Related:

1. [Gaza-Israel conflict. Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/gaza-israel-conflict-canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-wa.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Operation Protective Edge:. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed. ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Gaza War:. Israel asks the United Nations to disavow the Goldstone Report after the report's author, Judge Richard Goldstone, says that he retracts the accusation that Israel intentionally targeted civilians during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2011/04/2/gaza-war-israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-disavow-the-goldstone-report-after-the-report-s-author-judge-richard-goldstone-says-that-he-r.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations_
4. [A senior Israeli army officer tells the BBC that another Gaza War is "a question of when, not if" should Hamas continue to control the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/22/a-senior-israeli-army-officer-tells-the-bbc-that-another-gaza-war-is-a-question-of-when-not-if-should-hamas-continue-to-control-the-gaza.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Gaza Strip, Israel_
5. [The United Nations says there has been "no material change" for people in Gaza since Israel announced it was easing its economic blockade. An Israeli spokesman stated that the reason for the blockade was "because the territory has been overtaken by a declared terror movement.](/news/2010/11/11/the-united-nations-says-there-has-been-no-material-change-for-people-in-gaza-since-israel-announced-it-was-easing-its-economic-blockade-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
7. [Israel warns the United Nations that two ships carrying aid to Gaza would not, by "all necessary means", be allowed to reach their destination. ](/news/2010/07/22/israel-warns-the-united-nations-that-two-ships-carrying-aid-to-gaza-would-not-by-all-necessary-means-be-allowed-to-reach-their-destinati.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
8. [Israel tells the United Nations it will limit the use of fatal burning weapon white phosphorus in future conflicts after using it on civilians during its War on Gaza. ](/news/2010/07/21/israel-tells-the-united-nations-it-will-limit-the-use-of-fatal-burning-weapon-white-phosphorus-in-future-conflicts-after-using-it-on-civilia.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Israel, United Nations_
9. [Israel asks the United Nations to suspend attempts to organise an international inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid, with Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak saying "some organisation, probably backed by a terror organisation, (is) once again trying to send a vessel into Gaza." ](/news/2010/06/22/israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-suspend-attempts-to-organise-an-international-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-with-israeli-defence-mi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
