### [2005-05-25](/news/2005/05/25/index.md)

#  Human Rights:. Amnesty International releases its annual Human Rights report for the year 2004. 




### Source:

1. [Amnesty Report](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/pdfs/25_05_05_amnesty.pdf)
2. [NYTimes](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/05/25/international/asia/25detain.html)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International calls on the People's Republic of China to stop the harassment, arbitrary detention and torture of human rights lawyers. ](/news/2011/06/30/amnesty-international-calls-on-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-stop-the-harassment-arbitrary-detention-and-torture-of-human-rights-lawyer.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
2. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
3. [Amnesty International-s Secretary-General sparks a furor by saying that -jihad in self-defense- is not -antithetical- to human rights. ](/news/2010/04/7/amnesty-international-s-secretary-general-sparks-a-furor-by-saying-that-jihad-in-self-defense-is-not-antithetical-to-human-rig.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. Russia says it will support whatever decision the people of breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia will make during referendum on the future of their land [http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/08/14/europe/15georgia.php ("International Herald Tribune")] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/15/world/europe/15georgia.html ("The New York Times")]. Analysts 'see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia, which is seeking EU and NATO membership, to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep.' [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)]. An Amnesty International worldwide movement for human rights reported on August, 14, that the assault of the Georgian Army on Tskhinvali included '14 hours of bombardment' of the city. Amnesty International is still gathering information on the reported heavy civilian casualties, as well as reported bombings of non-military targets leading to deaths of civilians and the destruction of civilian buildings. [http://www.amnesty.org/en/news-and-updates/news/civilians-vulnerable-after-hostilities-georgia-20080814 (Amnesty International)]. Russia appeared 'to be handing over a key Georgian city Thursday', U.S. officials said. Senior U.S. General James Cartwright claims that 'Russian forces seemed to be complying with an internationally-mediated cease-fire'. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)]. Georgia's Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze claimed that more than 100 Russian vehicles, some of them armoured, had gathered outside the major western Georgian town of Zugdidi. However, Robert Gates, the US Secretary of Defense, said that the Russian army is 'withdrawing their forces back towards Abkhazia and towards South Ossetia' [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7561586.stm US warns Russia of lasting impact (BBC News)]. Russian forces say they will start to return control of the key town of Gori to Georgia soon. 'For another two days Russian troops will stay in the region to ... hand over control functions to Georgian law-enforcement bodies, after which they will leave," Major-General Vyacheslav Borisov as quoted by Russian news agencies. [http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-Georgia/idUSLE73186420080814 (Reuters)]. Georgian police return to the town of Gori as the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation leave. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/ (CNN)]. AV and MT went to watch Kung fu Panday BBS](/news/2008/08/14/2008-south-ossetia-war-russia-says-it-will-support-whatever-decision-the-people-of-breakaway-republics-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-will.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
5. [ Amnesty International has urged foreign governments to investigate high level US government officials for human rights violations committed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay.](/news/2005/05/30/amnesty-international-has-urged-foreign-governments-to-investigate-high-level-us-government-officials-for-human-rights-violations-committed.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
6. [ Human rights: Amnesty International has released a 74-page report accusing the Israel Defense Forces of war crimes and human rights violations.](/news/2002/11/4/human-rights-amnesty-international-has-released-a-74-page-report-accusing-the-israel-defense-forces-of-war-crimes-and-human-rights-violati.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
7. [Judicial system of Turkey. Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/judicial-system-of-turkey-turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terro.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [Capital punishment in Jordan. Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/capital-punishment-in-jordan-jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-ot.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
9. [Syrian Civil War. A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/syrian-civil-war-a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
10. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
