### [2005-05-25](/news/2005/05/25/index.md)

#  Human Rights: Amnesty International releases its annual Human Rights report for the year 2004. 




### Source:

1. [Amnesty Report]¶ [[Human Rights Watch]] releases a report accusing the [[FBI]] of misconduct in the illegal detention and [[torture]] of two American citizens. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/05/25/international/asia/25detain.html (NYTimes](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/pdfs/25_05_05_amnesty.pdf)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International calls on the People's Republic of China to stop the harassment, arbitrary detention and torture of human rights lawyers. ](/news/2011/06/30/amnesty-international-calls-on-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-stop-the-harassment-arbitrary-detention-and-torture-of-human-rights-lawyer.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
2. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
3. [Amnesty International's Secretary-General sparks a furor by saying that "jihad in self-defense" is not "antithetical" to human rights. ](/news/2010/04/7/amnesty-internationalas-secretary-general-sparks-a-furor-by-saying-that-ajihad-in-self-defensea-is-not-aantitheticala-to-human-rig.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
4. [ Amnesty International has urged foreign governments to investigate high level US government officials for human rights violations committed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay.](/news/2005/05/30/amnesty-international-has-urged-foreign-governments-to-investigate-high-level-us-government-officials-for-human-rights-violations-committed.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
5. [ Human rights: Amnesty International has released a 74-page report accusing the Israel Defense Forces of war crimes and human rights violations.](/news/2002/11/4/human-rights-amnesty-international-has-released-a-74-page-report-accusing-the-israel-defense-forces-of-war-crimes-and-human-rights-violati.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
6. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
7. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
8. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
9. [ Amnesty International criticizes a Saudi court decision to impose the death sentence on 15 people in a case involving 32 people including 30 Saudis, one Iranian and one Afghan national in an alleged Iranian spy cell. ](/news/2016/12/6/amnesty-international-criticizes-a-saudi-court-decision-to-impose-the-death-sentence-on-15-people-in-a-case-involving-32-people-including-3.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
10. [Amnesty International reports Nigerian security forces have killed more 150 pro-Biafra demonstrators since August 2015. ](/news/2016/11/24/amnesty-international-reports-nigerian-security-forces-have-killed-more-150-pro-biafra-demonstrators-since-august-2015.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
