### [2005-05-25](/news/2005/05/25/index.md)

#  The American Family Association, a Christian group, ends its nine-year boycott of the Walt Disney Company but continues to boycott Kmart and Abercrombie & Fitch and the book "One of the Guys" by Robert Clark Young. [http:--www.newsday.com-news-nationworld-nation-orl-asecdisney25052505may25,0,822280.story?coll=ny-leadnationalnews-headlines]




### Related:

1. [ The American Family Association, a Christian activist group, a week after ending its boycott of the Walt Disney Company, announced a boycott of the Ford Motor Company. In adding Ford to its ongoing boycotts of Kmart and the book One of the Guys by Robert Clark Young, the AFA argues that Ford promotes "the homosexual lifestyle." ](/news/2005/06/1/the-american-family-association-a-christian-activist-group-a-week-after-ending-its-boycott-of-the-walt-disney-company-announced-a-boycot.md) _Context: American Family Association, Kmart, One of the Guys, Robert Clark Young, Walt Disney Company_
2. [ The American Family Association, a Christian conservative activist group, announces an international boycott of Nike. In adding Nike to its ongoing boycotts of Kmart and the book One of the Guys by Robert Clark Young, the AFA argues that Nike promotes "a back door move to legalise homosexual marriage." ](/news/2005/07/13/the-american-family-association-a-christian-conservative-activist-group-announces-an-international-boycott-of-nike-in-adding-nike-to-its.md) _Context: American Family Association, Kmart, One of the Guys, Robert Clark Young_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Christian_
4. [Sears Holdings announces that 108 Kmart and 42 Sears stores will close in the United States in 2017, affecting retailers in 40 states. The company also announced it is selling its trademark Craftsman tool brand to Stanley Black & Decker for $900 million. ](/news/2017/01/5/sears-holdings-announces-that-108-kmart-and-42-sears-stores-will-close-in-the-united-states-in-2017-affecting-retailers-in-40-states-the-c.md) _Context: Kmart_
5. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Christian_
