### [2008-05-30](/news/2008/05/30/index.md)

#  Fishermen in Spain, Portugal and Italy strike to protest against high fuel prices; Spain's economy minister says his government cannot cut fuel taxes, but is looking into ways to help fishermen. 




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2008-05-30-voa50.cfm)

### Related:

1. [NSA spying scandal: Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandal-bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: Italian, Portugal, Spain_
2. [Protests against unemployment and austerity measures take place across several European countries. The largest protests reportedly take place in Spain and Portugal, with smaller protests in Greece, Italy, and Belgium. ](/news/2012/11/14/protests-against-unemployment-and-austerity-measures-take-place-across-several-european-countries-the-largest-protests-reportedly-take-plac.md) _Context: Italian, Portugal, Spain_
3. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Italian, Portugal, Spain_
4. [European sovereign debt crisis:: The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: Italian, Portugal, Spain_
5. [United Nations Security Council election, 2016: Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/united-nations-security-council-election-2016-bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Italian, Spain_
6. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Italian, Spain_
7. [Zika virus outbreak: Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/zika-virus-outbreak-several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Italian, Spain_
8. [Tropical cyclone effects in Europe: The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/tropical-cyclone-effects-in-europe-the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy.md) _Context: Portugal, Spain_
9. [2013 mass surveillance scandal: Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet "en route" to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/2013-mass-surveillance-scandal-bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-preside.md) _Context: Portugal, Spain_
10. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Italian, Spain_
