### [2012-11-21](/news/2012/11/21/index.md)

# President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins calls for an investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar to meet the needs of a "concerned public" as Savita's husband Praveen continues his battle against Ireland's government and the Health Service Executive (HSE) to hold a sworn, public inquiry into her death, which he believes occurred due to her being denied an abortion. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/president-higgins-calls-for-savita-investigation-to-meet-the-needs-of-concerned-public-3302013.html)

### Related:

1. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, Government of Ireland, Ireland, abortion, abortion scandal_
2. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, Ireland, abortion_
3. [Following the recent death of Savita Halappanavar the Irish government is to introduce legislation to clarify the Republic of Ireland's abortion laws, giving doctors clear guidelines on procedures where the mother's life is at risk. ](/news/2012/12/18/following-the-recent-death-of-savita-halappanavar-the-irish-government-is-to-introduce-legislation-to-clarify-the-republic-of-ireland-s-abor.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, Government of Ireland, abortion scandal_
4. [The Republic of Ireland announces a referendum on abortion will be held between May and June 2018. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-republic-of-ireland-announces-a-referendum-on-abortion-will-be-held-between-may-and-june-2018.md) _Context: Abortion in the Republic of Ireland, abortion_
5. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignation-to-president-michael-d-higgins-aft.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
6. [As part of his state visit to the United Kingdom, Irish President Michael D. Higgins addresses the Houses of Parliament and attends a banquet at Windsor Castle with Elizabeth II. ](/news/2014/04/8/as-part-of-his-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-irish-president-michael-d-higgins-addresses-the-houses-of-parliament-and-attends-a-banque.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
7. [President of Ireland, Michael D. Higgins arrives in the United Kingdom for a state visit, the first to the UK by an Irish Head of State. ](/news/2014/04/7/president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-arrives-in-the-united-kingdom-for-a-state-visit-the-first-to-the-uk-by-an-irish-head-of-state.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
8. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland accepts an invitation to attend several events during the forthcoming State visit of Irish President Michael D. Higgins to the United Kingdom, including a banquet to be held by Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. ](/news/2014/04/5/sinn-fa-c-inas-martin-mcguinness-the-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-accepts-an-invitation-to-attend-several-events-during-the-fo.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
9. [The death of a pregnant woman from septicaemia in an Irish hospital prompts international outrage, protests and condemnation. University College Hospital Galway refused numerous requests from Savita Halappanavar and her family for an abortion on the grounds that "this is a Catholic country." ](/news/2012/11/14/the-death-of-a-pregnant-woman-from-septicaemia-in-an-irish-hospital-prompts-international-outrage-protests-and-condemnation-university-col.md) _Context: Ireland, abortion_
10. [A new book of poetry by President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins is negatively reviewed by leading critic Professor Kevin Kiely, who says the President "can be accused of crimes against literature". ](/news/2012/02/10/a-new-book-of-poetry-by-president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-is-negatively-reviewed-by-leading-critic-professor-kevin-kiely-who-says-the.md) _Context: Michael D. Higgins, President_
