### [2012-11-21](/news/2012/11/21/index.md)

# Puerto Rican professional boxer Hector Camacho is shot multiple times in Bayamon, Puerto Rico. The driver of Camacho's car is killed in the attack. Camacho was shot in the neck and face and taken to St. Paul's Hospital in Rio Piedras, where he was pronounced to be in critical condition shortly thereafter. 




### Source:

1. [El Nuevo Herald](http://www.elnuevoherald.com/2012/11/21/1348323/el-exboxeador-hector-macho-camacho.html)

### Related:

1. [Puerto Rico government-debt crisis. Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-government-debt-crisis-puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
2. [Stephanie Del Valle of Puerto Rico is named as Miss World 2016. ](/news/2016/12/18/stephanie-del-valle-of-puerto-rico-is-named-as-miss-world-2016.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
3. [The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority announces it has fined Bank of America Merrill Lynch $7 million for failure to supervise the use of leverage in its brokerage accounts, especially in connection with Puerto Rico municipal bonds. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-announces-it-has-fined-bank-of-america-merrill-lynch-7-million-for-failure-to-supervise-the-use.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
4. [Zika virus outbreak timeline. The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/zika-virus-outbreak-timeline-the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-h.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
5. [The Governor of Puerto Rico authorizes the suspension of payments on the general obligation debt of that commonwealth, assuring a default on the $1.9 billion of debt payments due the following day. ](/news/2016/06/30/the-governor-of-puerto-rico-authorizes-the-suspension-of-payments-on-the-general-obligation-debt-of-that-commonwealth-assuring-a-default-on.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
6. [Volkswagen emissions scandal. Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with 44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. ](/news/2016/06/28/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-volkswagen-and-the-united-states-justice-department-agree-on-a-14-7-billion-settlement-for-its-emissions-chea.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
7. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
8. [Puerto Rican government-debt crisis. Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rican-government-debt-crisis-puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padi.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [Puerto Rican government-debt crisis. Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rican-government-debt-crisis-puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bon.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [ Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-unit.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
