### [2012-11-21](/news/2012/11/21/index.md)

# Will Rogers World Airport in the U.S. state of Oklahoma is shut down over the discovery of a painted golden object with a hole in the bottom in the luggage of musician Wayne Coyne. The object is mistaken for a live grenade by frightened staff. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/music/2012/nov/21/wayne-coyne-oklahoma-airport-grenade)

### Related:

1. [A wildfire in the U.S. state of Oklahoma forces evacuations in Logan County and the closure of State Highway 105. ](/news/2011/01/30/a-wildfire-in-the-u-s-state-of-oklahoma-forces-evacuations-in-logan-county-and-the-closure-of-state-highway-105.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, U.S. state_
2. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, U.S. state_
3. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: U.S. state_
4. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
5. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: U.S. state_
6. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
7. [American Actor George S. Irving, best known for being one of the last members of the original production of "Oklahoma!" and voicing Heat Miser from "The Year Without a Santa Claus", dies at age 94. ](/news/2016/12/26/american-actor-george-s-irving-best-known-for-being-one-of-the-last-members-of-the-original-production-of-oklahoma-and-voicing-heat-mis.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
8. [Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma City suspends all arrival and departure flights after at least one person is shot in the airport's parking lot. Local media report that victim has been transported in "emergency condition" to a nearby hospital. ](/news/2016/11/15/will-rogers-world-airport-in-oklahoma-city-suspends-all-arrival-and-departure-flights-after-at-least-one-person-is-shot-in-the-airport-s-par.md) _Context: Will Rogers World Airport_
9. [A magnitude 5.6 earthquake strikes Pawnee, Oklahoma, tying the record for the strongest in state history. At least one person was injured. ](/news/2016/09/3/a-magnitude-5-6-earthquake-strikes-pawnee-oklahoma-tying-the-record-for-the-strongest-in-state-history-at-least-one-person-was-injured.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
10. [ The Oklahoma legislature passes a bill that would make it a felony for doctors to perform abortions and revokes the medical license of assisting physicians. The governor then vetoes the bill. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-passes-a-bill-that-would-make-it-a-felony-for-doctors-to-perform-abortions-and-revokes-the-medical-license-of-assi.md) _Context: Oklahoma!_
