### [2003-11-23](/news/2003/11/23/index.md)

#  A BBC "Correspondent" programme, based on computer-generated images, suggests that the Warren Commission's controversial magic bullet theory, in which it was claimed that the same bullet hit President John F. Kennedy and Governor John Connally during Kennedy's assassination in 1963, was correct. Using state of the art computer generated images based on the Zapruder film, the programme concludes that a lone gunman could have shot Kennedy. ABC News and Court TV arrived at a similar conclusion




### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: ABC News, BBC_
2. [Gayle Nix Jackson, granddaughter of Orville Nix who filmed U.S. President John F. Kennedy's assassination, sues the government to get the original copy of her grandfather's movie back -- or to get paid for it. A former FBI analyst said, "The film is a mirror image of the Zapruder film from the other side of Dealey Plaza." ](/news/2015/11/24/gayle-nix-jackson-granddaughter-of-orville-nix-who-filmed-u-s-president-john-f-kennedyas-assassination-sues-the-government-to-get-the.md) _Context: John F. Kennedy's, Zapruder film_
3. [The BBC plans to launch a service in Korean. ](/news/2017/09/25/the-bbc-plans-to-launch-a-service-in-korean.md) _Context: BBC_
4. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
5. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expelled-by-the-government-for-speaking-ver.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savile-but-did-not-advise-senior-manage.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [Former BBC journalist Jacky Sutton is found hanged in a restroom at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport. Of late, she was the acting director of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. ](/news/2015/10/20/former-bbc-journalist-jacky-sutton-is-found-hanged-in-a-restroom-at-istanbulas-ataturk-airport-of-late-she-was-the-acting-director-of-th.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [The BBC reports that Nigeria will be removed from the list of countries where polio is endemic. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-bbc-reports-that-nigeria-will-be-removed-from-the-list-of-countries-where-polio-is-endemic.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run-on-the-nation-s-banks-to-becom.md) _Context: BBC_
