### [2010-02-10](/news/2010/02/10/index.md)

# Afghan officials report that at least 150 bodies were pulled from vehicles buried by avalanches in the Salang Pass in the Hindu Kush mountains earlier this week. 

At least 150 bodies were pulled from vehicles buried by an avalanche in the Salang Pass in the Hindu Kush mountains of Afghanistan, officials said Wednesday


### Source:

1. [UPI.com](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/International/2010/02/10/Afghan-avalanche-death-toll-rises/UPI-86091265807931/)

### Related:

1. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan-s most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-nort.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Hindu Kush_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
4. [Population displacement. The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
5. [War in Afghanistan. June 2017 Kabul mosque attack. A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
9. [War in Afghanistan. A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
