### [2015-11-17](/news/2015/11/17/index.md)

# Refugees of the Syrian Civil War. More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. 

FRANCE-SHOOTING/USA-GOVERNORS (URGENT):White House holds call with 34 governors on Syrian refugees


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/white-house-plans-call-governors-syrian-refugees-35262385)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/16/world/paris-attacks-syrian-refugees-backlash/index.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/item/20151118015212-z9u0v)

### Related:

1. [Military intervention against ISIL. A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/military-intervention-against-isil-a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Syria, United States_
2. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris, Syria_
3. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Two Air France flights bound for Paris from the United States are diverted for several hours on following anonymous bomb threats. ](/news/2015/11/17/november-2015-paris-attacks-two-air-france-flights-bound-for-paris-from-the-united-states-are-diverted-for-several-hours-on-following-anony.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: Syria, United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syria, United States_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Syria, refugees from Syria_
7. [Syrian peace process. France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: Syria, United States_
8. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Syria, United States_
9. [Syrian Civil War. U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Syria, United States_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The United States accuses Russia of bombing U.S.-backed forces in southern Syria near al-Tanf close to the Iraq and Jordan borders. ](/news/2016/06/16/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-accuses-russia-of-bombing-u-s-backed-forces-in-southern-syria-near-al-tanf-close-to-the-iraq-and-jordan.md) _Context: Syria, United States_
