### [2015-11-17](/news/2015/11/17/index.md)

# Russia's Federal Security Service announces that the plane was destroyed by a bomb. 

Vladimir Putin orders increase in airstrikes on Syria, and Egypt denies reports two Sharm airport employees have been detained


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/17/us-egypt-crash-russia-blast-idUSKCN0T60PS20151117)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/17/us-egypt-crash-russia-blast-idUSKCN0T60PS20151117#Hx23lyRXlafjcZZA.97)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/17/egypt-plane-crash-bomb-jet-russia-security-service)
3. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/8d280a37d09a0c4f61c2917ba8064ef58b4e7479/0_82_2642_1585/master/2642.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=eb9511c2f266db80d77661dc09365237)

### Related:

1. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
2. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
3. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
4. [The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-caucas.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
5. [Federal Security Service (FSB) officers kill at least four suspected North Caucasus Islamic militants during a counter-terrorism raid on an apartment building in the Russian city of Saint Petersburg. ](/news/2016/08/17/federal-security-service-fsb-officers-kill-at-least-four-suspected-north-caucasus-islamic-militants-during-a-counter-terrorism-raid-on-an.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
6. [Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two-killed-including.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
7. [At least eight unidentified militants and one security officer are killed in ongoing clashes in rural Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2016/07/8/at-least-eight-unidentified-militants-and-one-security-officer-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-rural-dagestan-russia.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
8. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Flight 9268_
9. [A British inquiry alleges that Russian President Vladimir Putin "probably" personally approved the FSB's murder of Alexander Litvinenko in November 2006 based on findings from a public enquiry. ](/news/2016/01/21/a-british-inquiry-alleges-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-probably-personally-approved-the-fsb-s-murder-of-alexander-litvinenko-in-n.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs an amendment to Russia's law regarding the regulation of the use of weapons, giving the FSB the authority to use lethal force on crowds in order to "prevent acts of terrorism, rescue hostages, or repel attacks on public buildings." ](/news/2015/12/31/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-an-amendment-to-russia-s-law-regarding-the-regulation-of-the-use-of-weapons-giving-the-fsb-the-autho.md) _Context: Federal Security Service_
