### [2015-11-17](/news/2015/11/17/index.md)

# The Governor of Louisiana Bobby Jindal ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. 

Louisiana governor was most recently polling at 1% in national survey of Republican voters and says he has decided to suspend his campaign


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/11/17/bobby-jindal-suspends-2016-presidential-campaign/)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/nov/17/bobby-jindal-suspends-campaign-republican-presidential)

### Related:

1. [Bobby Jindal, the Governor of Louisiana, announces that he will be a candidate for the Republican Party nomination in the 2016 Presidential election.](/news/2015/06/24/bobby-jindal-the-governor-of-louisiana-announces-that-he-will-be-a-candidate-for-the-republican-party-nomination-in-the-2016-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, Republicans_
2. [ Bobby Jindal of the Republican Party is elected as the next Governor of Louisiana and becomes the first Indian American governor in the history of the United States. With 53% of the vote, he defeats five Democrats, a Libertarian and five independents without requiring a runoff. ](/news/2007/10/20/bobby-jindal-of-the-republican-party-is-elected-as-the-next-governor-of-louisiana-and-becomes-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-the-his.md) _Context: Bobby Jindal, Governor of Louisiana, Republicans_
3. [Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous".  ](/news/2016/12/11/republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-calling-t.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
4. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
5. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
6. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
7. [A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-from-entering-the-philippines-after-trump-co.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
8. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
9. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
10. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republicans_
