### [2015-11-17](/news/2015/11/17/index.md)

# The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic's borders to Muslim migrants. 

The president of the Czech Republic has said opponents of Islam should not be referred to as extremists at a rally today advocating closing the Republic&#039;s borders to Muslim migrants.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/czech-president-attends-addresses-rally-muslims-35252147)
2. [Breitbart](http://www.breitbart.com/london/2015/11/17/eastern-europe-rising-czech-president-speaks-anti-islam-rally-pegida-leaders-tommy-robinson/)

### Related:

1. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Prague_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Britain, Czech Republic, Germany_
3. [Milos Zeman wins Czech presidential election and becomes the next President of the Czech Republic running ahead of Karel Schwarzenberg. ](/news/2013/01/26/miloa-zeman-wins-czech-presidential-election-and-becomes-the-next-president-of-the-czech-republic-running-ahead-of-karel-schwarzenberg.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, president_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Prague_
5. [ Hurricane force winds claim at least 40 lives in Western Europe including 10 lives in Britain and 11 in Germany, and other victims in The Netherlands (6), Poland (6), Czech Republic (3) and France (3). ](/news/2007/01/19/hurricane-force-winds-claim-at-least-40-lives-in-western-europe-including-10-lives-in-britain-and-11-in-germany-and-other-victims-in-the-n.md) _Context: Britain, Czech Republic, Germany_
6. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
7. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Prague_
8. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
9. [Lutz Bachmann, the leader of the German far-right and anti-Islam Pegida movement, goes on trial in Dresden on charges of hate speech. ](/news/2016/04/19/lutz-bachmann-the-leader-of-the-german-far-right-and-anti-islam-pegida-movement-goes-on-trial-in-dresden-on-charges-of-hate-speech.md) _Context: Germany, Pegida_
10. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Germany_
