### [2015-11-17](/news/2015/11/17/index.md)

# Two Air France flights bound for Paris from the United States are diverted for several hours on following anonymous bomb threats. 

Two Air France flights bound for Paris from the United States were diverted for several hours on Tuesday following anonymous bomb threats, and more than 700 passengers and crew were safely taken off the planes, officials said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/11/18/france-shooting-airfranceair-france-klm-idINKCN0T70CP20151118)

### Related:

1. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris, United States_
2. [ Three Air France flights from Paris to Los Angeles are canceled due to security concerns expressed by the U.S. embassy in France. [http://www.suntimes.com/output/news/24flight.html]](/news/2003/12/24/three-air-france-flights-from-paris-to-los-angeles-are-canceled-due-to-security-concerns-expressed-by-the-u-s-embassy-in-france-http-w.md) _Context: Air France, Paris, United States_
3. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, United States_
4. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
5. [Three people arrested yesterday in connection with last year's attacks in Paris are released without charge. ](/news/2016/04/13/three-people-arrested-yesterday-in-connection-with-last-year-s-attacks-in-paris-are-released-without-charge.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
6. [A man linked to the Paris attacks  is arrested in Mohammedia, Morocco. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-man-linked-to-the-paris-attacks-is-arrested-in-mohammedia-morocco.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
7. [Air France Flight 463 en-route to Paris from Mauritius makes an emergency landing in Mombasa, Kenya, after a package, suspected to be a bomb is found in the toilet. Later, Air France CEO Frederic Gagey says it was a false alarm; the package contained a mixture of cardboard, sheets of paper, and a timer. ](/news/2015/12/20/air-france-flight-463-en-route-to-paris-from-mauritius-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-mombasa-kenya-after-a-package-suspected-to-be-a-bomb.md) _Context: Air France, Paris_
8. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
9. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
10. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
