### [1999-12-3](/news/1999/12/3/index.md)

#  After rowing for 81 days and 2,962 nautical miles (5486&nbsp;km), Tori Murden becomes the first woman to cross the Atlantic Ocean by rowboat alone when she reaches Guadeloupe from the Canary Islands




### Related:

1. [Tropical Storm Isaac forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings in place for Puerto Rico, the US and British Virgin Islands, Martinique, Dominica, Guadeloupe, St Martin, St Kitts, Nevis, Antigua, Barbuda, Montserrat, Anguilla, Saba, St Eustatius, St Maarten, Culebra and Vieques. ](/news/2012/08/21/tropical-storm-isaac-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-in-place-for-puerto-rico-the-us-and-british-virgin-islands-m.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Guadeloupe_
2. [Tropical Storm Emily forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings issued for Puerto Rico, Guadeloupe, Desirade, Les Saintes, Marie Galante and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2011/08/1/tropical-storm-emily-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-issued-for-puerto-rico-guadeloupe-desirade-les-saintes-mar.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Guadeloupe_
3. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's  Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is  expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-m.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
4. [The U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and  a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-f.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
6. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded  on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
7. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
8. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey,  a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
9. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
10. [The death toll rises to seven from Thursday's building collapse  in the Canary Islands' southern coastal town of Los Cristianos on the island of Tenerife. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-seven-from-thursday-s-building-collapse-in-the-canary-islands-southern-coastal-town-of-los-cristianos-on-the-islan.md) _Context: Canary Islands'_
