### [2003-05-11](/news/2003/05/11/index.md)

#  A number of newspapers have published the alleged identity of the British Force Research Unit's most senior informer within the Provisional IRA, code-named Stakeknife, who is thought to have been head of the Provisional IRA's internal security force, charged with routing out informers like himself. The person named has fled.




### Related:

1. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: IRA_
2. [ The Independent Monitoring Commission reports that the Provisional IRA has effectively been disbanded as a terrorist organization, but the Provisional IRA Army Council still exists. ](/news/2008/09/3/the-independent-monitoring-commission-reports-that-the-provisional-ira-has-effectively-been-disbanded-as-a-terrorist-organization-but-the.md) _Context: IRA_
3. [ The Provisional IRA issues a statement formally ordering an end to the armed campaign it has pursued since 1969 and ordering all its units to dump their arms, with effect from 1600 BST today (1500 UTC). The IRA has been on "cease-fire" since 1996 and said it would follow a democratic path ending more than 30 years of violence. It will not, however, disband.](/news/2005/07/28/the-provisional-ira-issues-a-statement-formally-ordering-an-end-to-the-armed-campaign-it-has-pursued-since-1969-and-ordering-all-its-units.md) _Context: IRA_
4. [ In Northern Ireland the IRA issues an unprecedented statement that they made an offer to the family of murder victim Robert McCartney to shoot the members involved in his 31 January killing. The family made it clear that they wanted the people concerned prosecuted, not physically harmed. ](/news/2005/03/8/in-northern-ireland-the-ira-issues-an-unprecedented-statement-that-they-made-an-offer-to-the-family-of-murder-victim-robert-mccartney-to-sh.md) _Context: IRA_
5. [ Sen  Muireagin, a Northern Irish journalist, arrested by Israel and held for five days without legal representation in a case of mistaken identity, is released and leaves Israel. The affair causes considerable embarrassment to the Israeli and British secret services, the former having arrested  Mureagin on the advice of the latter, who claimed incorrectly that he was a Real IRA man with the same name. In the confused aftermath, the Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman suggests that  Muireagin may have been guilty, while Prime Minister Sharon's spokesman states categorically that he was innocent and the entire affair an error. He claims that  Muireagin is a former convicted Provisional IRA terrorist.](/news/2003/07/16/sean-o-muireagain-a-northern-irish-journalist-arrested-by-israel-and-held-for-five-days-without-legal-representation-in-a-case-of-mistake.md) _Context: IRA_
6. [ It is reported that the Provisional IRA may be about to make substantial concessions in order to restart the stalled Northern Ireland peace process.](/news/2002/11/30/it-is-reported-that-the-provisional-ira-may-be-about-to-make-substantial-concessions-in-order-to-restart-the-stalled-northern-ireland-peace.md) _Context: IRA_
