### [2014-04-4](/news/2014/04/4/index.md)

# 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak:: The first possible case is reported in Mali, with the death toll rising in Guinea and Liberia to 90. 

By Adama Diarra and Misha Hussain BAMAKO/CONAKRY (Reuters) - Mali said it had identified its first possible cases of Ebola since the start of an outbreak in neighbouring Guinea, adding to fears that the deadly virus was spreading across West Africa. More than 90 people have already died in Guinea and


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/mali-suspects-first-ebola-cases-regional-death-toll-141251884.html;_ylt=AwrBJR471j5TohQAZpjQtDMD)

### Related:

1. [Northern Mali conflict: Ansar Dine, a militant Islamist group linked to Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for yesterday's attack on a United Nations base in Kidal, northern Mali, that killed six UN peacekeepers, all from neighboring Guinea. ](/news/2016/02/13/northern-mali-conflict-ansar-dine-a-militant-islamist-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-in-the-islamic-maghreb-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday.md) _Context: Guinea, Mali_
2. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Ebola virus cases in the United States: United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia_
3. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia_
5. [Ebola virus disease in the United States: The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia_
6. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: Liberia and Sierra Leone declare a state of emergency in response to the Ebola virus disease by sending in troops and ordering the closure of schools and markets and the quarantining of affected communities. ](/news/2014/08/1/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-liberia-and-sierra-leone-declare-a-state-of-emergency-in-response-to-the-ebola-virus-disease-by-sending-in.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
7. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: Liberia closes schools and quarantines communities in order to stop the spread of the Ebola virus that has claimed 672 lives in West Africa. ](/news/2014/07/30/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-liberia-closes-schools-and-quarantines-communities-in-order-to-stop-the-spread-of-the-ebola-virus-that-has.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
8. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: ASKY Airlines suspends flights to Liberia and Sierra Leone as the death toll from the Ebola outbreak reaches 672. ](/news/2014/07/29/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-asky-airlines-suspends-flights-to-liberia-and-sierra-leone-as-the-death-toll-from-the-ebola-outbreak-reache.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
9. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak:: A Liberian official visiting Lagos dies of the Ebola virus becoming the first reported death in Nigeria. ](/news/2014/07/25/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-a-liberian-official-visiting-lagos-dies-of-the-ebola-virus-becoming-the-first-reported-death-in-nigeria.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
10. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: Seven people are reported to have died from the latest outbreak of Ebola virus in Monrovia, Liberia. ](/news/2014/06/18/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-seven-people-are-reported-to-have-died-from-the-latest-outbreak-of-ebola-virus-in-monrovia-liberia.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
