### [2014-04-4](/news/2014/04/4/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Two members of the Associated Press are shot by an Afghan wearing a police uniform in Khost. One of them, Pulitzer Prize winner and photojournalist Anja Niedringhaus, is killed. The other is seriously injured. 

An Afghan police officer kills a veteran Associated Press photographer and wounds her colleague a day before presidential polls.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-26881347#)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A suicide bomber kills himself and three Afghans (a guard and two civilians) outside the perimeter of Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost, Afghanistan, the scene of an earlier attack in December 2009. ](/news/2012/12/26/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-himself-and-three-afghans-a-guard-and-two-civilians-outside-the-perimeter-of.md) _Context: Khost, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [ A suicide attack at FOB Salerno kills seven civilians and injures 21 more in Khost, Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/05/13/a-suicide-attack-at-fob-salerno-kills-seven-civilians-and-injures-21-more-in-khost-afghanistan.md) _Context: Khost, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present). Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanista.md) _Context: Khost_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Associated Press_
6. [2016 Oakland warehouse fire. Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris. ](/news/2016/12/5/2016-oakland-warehouse-fire-authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-pre.md) _Context: Associated Press_
7. [Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secu.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape." ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republi.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Associated Press_
