### [2007-07-29](/news/2007/07/29/index.md)

#  Alberto Contador of Spain wins the 2007 Tour de France with Cadel Evans of Australia finishing second and Levi Leipheimer of the United States finishing third. 




### Source:

1. [DPA via Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/breaking_news/breakingnews.php?id=120532)

### Related:

1. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: American, Australia, Spain_
2. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: American, Australia_
3. [Australia-Philippines relations,  Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/australia-philippines-relations-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-t.md) _Context: American, Australia_
4. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: American, Australia_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: American, Australia_
6. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: American, Australia_
7. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and  express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express.md) _Context: American, Australia_
8. [The Japan Ground Self-Defense Force will for the first time participate in Exercise Talisman Saber, a joint exercise between the United States and Australia. ](/news/2015/05/26/the-japan-ground-self-defense-force-will-for-the-first-time-participate-in-exercise-talisman-saber-a-joint-exercise-between-the-united-stat.md) _Context: American, Australia_
9. [UNESCO declares the Rizal Monument in Manila, Machu Picchu of Peru, Camino de Santiago of Spain, and the Dampier Archipelago of Australia as World Heritage Sites in Danger. ](/news/2014/11/18/unesco-declares-the-rizal-monument-in-manila-machu-picchu-of-peru-camino-de-santiago-of-spain-and-the-dampier-archipelago-of-australia-as.md) _Context: Australia, Spain_
10. [Australia and the United States lift sanctions against Fiji following recent democratic elections. ](/news/2014/10/31/australia-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-against-fiji-following-recent-democratic-elections.md) _Context: American, Australia_
