### [2007-07-29](/news/2007/07/29/index.md)

#  Moitree Express begins on trail journey between Dhaka and Kolkata paving way for possible reopening of train route connectivity between Bangla Desh and India




### Related:

1. [At least 21 people are killed, 70 injured and up to 150 people are feared trapped after a half-built overpass collapses in the Indian city of Kolkata. ](/news/2016/03/31/at-least-21-people-are-killed-70-injured-and-up-to-150-people-are-feared-trapped-after-a-half-built-overpass-collapses-in-the-indian-city-o.md) _Context: India, Kolkata_
2. [An explosion on a train in the Indian city of Kolkata results in at least 17 people being injured. ](/news/2015/05/12/an-explosion-on-a-train-in-the-indian-city-of-kolkata-results-in-at-least-17-people-being-injured.md) _Context: India, Kolkata_
3. [40 confirmed people die in a fire in the AMRI Hospital in the Indian city of Kolkata. ](/news/2011/12/9/40-confirmed-people-die-in-a-fire-in-the-amri-hospital-in-the-indian-city-of-kolkata.md) _Context: India, Kolkata_
4. [ Passenger trains resume between Dhaka in Bangladesh and the Indian city of Calcutta, after 43 years. ](/news/2008/04/14/passenger-trains-resume-between-dhaka-in-bangladesh-and-the-indian-city-of-calcutta-after-43-years.md) _Context: Dhaka, India_
5. [ The Indian Army is deployed in Kolkata after a riot against Bangladeshi feminist writer Taslima Nasreen erupts into violence. ](/news/2007/11/21/the-indian-army-is-deployed-in-kolkata-after-a-riot-against-bangladeshi-feminist-writer-taslima-nasreen-erupts-into-violence.md) _Context: India, Kolkata_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
9. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: India_
