### [2007-07-29](/news/2007/07/29/index.md)

#  Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown arrives in the United States for his first official meeting with President George W. Bush. 

Britain&#039;s Prime Minister Gordon Brown has arrived in the United States for his first official meeting with President George W Bush.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/07/30/1991528.htm)
2. [AP via ABC News](http://www.abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory?id=3426278)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Gordon Brown, President, Prime Minister, United States_
2. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, President, Prime Minister, United States_
3. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown pledge to continue close relations in their first meeting. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-pledge-to-continue-close-relati.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Gordon Brown, President, Prime Minister_
4. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States_
5. [ U.S. President Barack Obama lifts George W. Bush's restrictions on embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2009/03/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-lifts-george-w-bush-s-restrictions-on-embryonic-stem-cell-research.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States_
6. [ Gordon Brown becomes the United Kingdom's fifth Prime Minister to address a joint session of the U.S. Congress. ](/news/2009/03/4/gordon-brown-becomes-the-united-kingdom-s-fifth-prime-minister-to-address-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, United States_
7. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States_
8. [ President George W. Bush bids farewell to the United States in a 15-minute televised address, during which he touted his record and warned his successor, Barack Obama, to maintain an aggressive stance against terrorism. ](/news/2009/01/15/president-george-w-bush-bids-farewell-to-the-united-states-in-a-15-minute-televised-address-during-which-he-touted-his-record-and-warned.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States_
9. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States_
10. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States_
