### [2013-02-24](/news/2013/02/24/index.md)

# French freelance photographer Olivier Voisin, who was wounded near Idlib in January 2013, dies in Antakya, Turkey, after surgery. 

French&#x20;freelance&#x20;photojournalist&#x20;Olivier&#x20;Voisin&#x20;has&#x20;died&#x20;from&#x20;injuries&#x20;sustained&#x20;while&#x20;covering&#x20;the&#x20;civil&#x20;war&#x20;in&#x20;Syria,&#x20;France&#x27;s&#x20;ministry&#x20;of&#x20;foreign&#x20;affairs&#x20;confirmed&#x20;to&#x20;FRANCE24&#x20;on&#x20;Sunday.


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20130224-french-photographer-wounded-syria-died)
1. [Cover Image](http://scd.france24.com/en/files/imagecache/home_1024/article/image/olivier-voisin-m.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
3. [Tens of thousands of Kurds pour into the streets of Diyarbakir, Turkey, for the funeral of Sakine Cansiz, the co-founder of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, who was killed in Paris, France, on January 9. ](/news/2013/01/17/tens-of-thousands-of-kurds-pour-into-the-streets-of-diyarbakir-turkey-for-the-funeral-of-sakine-cansa-z-the-co-founder-of-the-outlawed-ku.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
4. [An online video appears to claim that the Free Syrian Army moved its headquarters from Turkey to "liberated areas" inside Syria; Reuters says in Idlib or Aleppo. ](/news/2012/09/22/an-online-video-appears-to-claim-that-the-free-syrian-army-moved-its-headquarters-from-turkey-to-liberated-areas-inside-syria-reuters-say.md) _Context: Idlib, Turkey_
5. [A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/a-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills-at-least-15-people.md) _Context: Idlib, Turkey_
6. [Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. ](/news/2011/04/25/australia-and-new-zealand-mark-anzac-day-events-occur-in-afghanistan-france-turkey-and-vietnam-while-julia-gillard-heads-to-south-korea.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
7. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
8. [After a personal intervention from Nicolas Sarkozy, France beats Turkey and Italy for the right to stage the UEFA Euro 2016 tournament. ](/news/2010/05/28/after-a-personal-intervention-from-nicolas-sarkozy-france-beats-turkey-and-italy-for-the-right-to-stage-the-uefa-euro-2016-tournament.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
9. [ French lawmakers introduce a bill to criminalize Armenian Genocide denial. The legislation would imprison offenders for one year and fine them up to EUR45,000. Turkey calls upon French legislators to vote against the bill. The Turkish Parliament is considering a bill that would criminalize denial of French human rights violations in Algeria. ](/news/2006/10/9/french-lawmakers-introduce-a-bill-to-criminalize-armenian-genocide-denial-the-legislation-would-imprison-offenders-for-one-year-and-fine-t.md) _Context: France, Turkey_
10. [The opposition movement in Venezuela seeks help from France. ](/news/2017/09/4/the-opposition-movement-in-venezuela-seeks-help-from-france.md) _Context: France_
