### [2013-02-24](/news/2013/02/24/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. French freelance photographer Olivier Voisin, who was wounded near Idlib in January 2013, dies in Antakya, Turkey, after surgery. 

French&#x20;freelance&#x20;photojournalist&#x20;Olivier&#x20;Voisin&#x20;has&#x20;died&#x20;from&#x20;injuries&#x20;sustained&#x20;while&#x20;covering&#x20;the&#x20;civil&#x20;war&#x20;in&#x20;Syria,&#x20;France&#x27;s&#x20;ministry&#x20;of&#x20;foreign&#x20;affairs&#x20;confirmed&#x20;to&#x20;FRANCE24&#x20;on&#x20;Sunday.


### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20130224-french-photographer-wounded-syria-died)

### Related:

1. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: France, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
2. [Syrian civil war:. An online video appears to claim that the Free Syrian Army moved its headquarters from Turkey to "liberated areas" inside Syria; Reuters says in Idlib or Aleppo. ](/news/2012/09/22/syrian-civil-war-an-online-video-appears-to-claim-that-the-free-syrian-army-moved-its-headquarters-from-turkey-to-liberated-areas-inside.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [Syrian civil war:. A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-a-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills-a.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War. At least 16 people are killed by multiple airstrikes on a prison in Idlib, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/03/25/syrian-civil-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-multiple-airstrikes-on-a-prison-in-idlib-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-r.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: France, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [Syrian Civil War. A fuel truck explodes in the Syrian town of Azaz, near the border with Turkey, killing at least 43 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/7/syrian-civil-war-a-fuel-truck-explodes-in-the-syrian-town-of-azaz-near-the-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-43-people-according-to-th.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [Syrian peace process. The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
