### [2008-02-20](/news/2008/02/20/index.md)

#  The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' lands at Kennedy Space Center following the conclusion of the STS-122 assembly mission to the International Space Station. 

NASA.gov brings you the latest images, videos and news from America&#039;s space agency. Get the latest updates on NASA missions, watch NASA TV live, and learn about our quest to reveal the unknown and benefit all humankind.


### Source:

1. [NASA](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/expeditions/expedition16/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The launch of Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'''s STS-122 mission, which will deliver ESA's Columbus module to the International Space Station, is delayed for one day due to a sensor malfunction. ](/news/2007/12/6/the-launch-of-space-shuttle-atlantis-s-sts-122-mission-which-will-deliver-esa-s-columbus-module-to-the-international-space-station-is.md) _Context: International Space Station, STS-122, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
2. [ Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' rolls out to launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in preparation for the STS-117 mission to the International Space Station. The rollout is the second for the mission, as ''Atlantis'''s External Tank was damaged during a hailstorm on February 26, leading to the shuttle being rolled back to the Vehicle Assembly Building for repairs. ](/news/2007/05/15/space-shuttle-atlantis-rolls-out-to-launchpad-39a-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-preparation-for-the-sts-117-mission-to-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
3. [The Space Shuttle Atlantis undocks from the International Space Station for the final time in the history of the space shuttle program. ](/news/2011/07/19/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-undocks-from-the-international-space-station-for-the-final-time-in-the-history-of-the-space-shuttle-program.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
4. [NASA astronauts on board ''Atlantis'' complete the final spacewalk of the Space Shuttle era, recouping an ammonia pump on the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2011/07/12/nasa-astronauts-on-board-atlantis-complete-the-final-spacewalk-of-the-space-shuttle-era-recouping-an-ammonia-pump-on-the-international.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
5. [Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' completes its final scheduled mission after landing at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. ](/news/2010/05/26/space-shuttle-atlantis-completes-its-final-scheduled-mission-after-landing-at-kennedy-space-center-florida.md) _Context: Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
6. [Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' launches successfully from Kennedy Space Center at 4:14 EST, marking the beginning of STS-130, a two-week mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2010/02/8/space-shuttle-endeavour-launches-successfully-from-kennedy-space-center-at-4-14-est-marking-the-beginning-of-sts-130-a-two-week-missio.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle_
7. [ NASA launches Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' on STS-129 at 1928 UTC (2:28pm EST), bringing supplies and the first two ExPRESS Logistics Carriers to the International Space Station. ](/news/2009/11/16/nasa-launches-space-shuttle-atlantis-on-sts-129-at-1928-utc-2-28pm-est-bringing-supplies-and-the-first-two-express-logistics-carrier.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
8. [ The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' prepares to land at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, United States. ](/news/2009/05/22/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-prepares-to-land-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-united-states.md) _Context: Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
9. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle_
10. [ The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' is launched with a crew of seven on an assembly mission to the International Space Station on mission STS-117. ](/news/2007/06/8/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-is-launched-with-a-crew-of-seven-on-an-assembly-mission-to-the-international-space-station-on-mission-sts-11.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
