### [2013-04-15](/news/2013/04/15/index.md)

# Croatia-s opposition coalition led by the Croatian Democratic Union wins six out of twelve seats in the country-s first ever vote for the European Parliament, while the ruling coalition led by the Social Democratic Party manages to take five seats. 

Croatia’s opposition right-wing coalition has won most seats in the country’s first ever vote for the European Parliament. Out of a possible


### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2013/04/15/croatia-show-lack-on-interest-in-first-eu-elections/)

### Related:

1. [In Croatia, people go to the polls to elect the first ever European MPs of the country, anticipating the formal entry of Croatia in the European Union, in July. ](/news/2013/04/14/in-croatia-people-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-first-ever-european-mps-of-the-country-anticipating-the-formal-entry-of-croatia-in-the-euro.md) _Context: Croatia, European Parliament, country's first ever vote_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Croatia, European Parliament_
3. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. ](/news/2016/10/19/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-croatian-lawmakers-approve-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-party-leader-andrej-plenkovia-s-ne.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Democratic Union_
4. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with the conservative Croatian Democratic Union taking an early lead. ](/news/2016/09/11/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-croatia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-the-conservative-croatian-democra.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Democratic Union_
5. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2015: Early official results show the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), the country's largest opposition party, has a slim lead over Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic-s ruling Social Democrats (SDP) in today's elections. With 32 percent counted, the HDZ, has 61 of parliament-s 151 seats and the SDP is second with 53. The third place Most (Bridge of Independent Lists) party is likely to have the balance of power in the parliament. ](/news/2015/11/8/croatian-parliamentary-election-2015-early-official-results-show-the-croatian-democratic-union-hdz-the-country-s-largest-opposition-par.md) _Context: Croatian Democratic Union, Social Democrats_
6. [ Croatia's opposition Social Democrats take a narrow lead on in a close national election, according to exit polls, after a campaign fought over corruption, the economy and future European Union membership. ](/news/2007/11/25/croatia-s-opposition-social-democrats-take-a-narrow-lead-on-in-a-close-national-election-according-to-exit-polls-after-a-campaign-fought.md) _Context: Croatia, Social Democrats_
7. [Ukraine-European Union relations: Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [Georgia-European Union relations: The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [President of the European Parliament: Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/president-of-the-european-parliament-antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: European Parliament_
