### [2007-09-5](/news/2007/09/5/index.md)

#  Lawyers for U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-ID) ask the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to reject a complaint following a guilty plea to disorderly conduct charges in Minneapolis. The Ethics Committee rejects his plea. 

Sen. Larry Craig has all but dropped any notion of trying to complete his term, and is focused on helping Idaho send a new senator to Washington within a few weeks, his top spokesman said Thursday


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/Top_News/2007/09/05/craig_seeks_to_block_ethics_investigation/7806/)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,295881,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Idaho Republican Senator Larry Craig resigns from the United States Senate effective 30 September following a guilty plea to a disorderly conduct charge following his arrest in a restroom at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. (Wikinews)](/news/2007/09/1/idaho-republican-senator-larry-craig-resigns-from-the-united-states-senate-effective-30-september-following-a-guilty-plea-to-a-disorderly-c.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, United States Senate, disorderly conduct_
2. [ The United States Senate Republican Party leadership requests that Senator Larry Craig of Idaho stand aside from his Senate committees until the United States Senate Select Committee on Ethics makes a ruling on his situation. Senator Craig agrees. ](/news/2007/08/29/the-united-states-senate-republican-party-leadership-requests-that-senator-larry-craig-of-idaho-stand-aside-from-his-senate-committees-unti.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, Senate Select Committee on Ethics, United States Senate_
3. [ Republican Party Senator Larry Craig from Idaho vows to serve out his term in the United States Senate despite losing a court bid to rescind a guilty plea for an indecent act in a Minneapolis Airport men's room. ](/news/2007/10/4/republican-party-senator-larry-craig-from-idaho-vows-to-serve-out-his-term-in-the-united-states-senate-despite-losing-a-court-bid-to-rescin.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, United States Senate_
4. [ A spokesman for Idaho Senator Larry Craig indicates that the Senator is rethinking his decision to resign following his plea of guilty to "disorderly conduct" charges in Minneapolis. ](/news/2007/09/4/a-spokesman-for-idaho-senator-larry-craig-indicates-that-the-senator-is-rethinking-his-decision-to-resign-following-his-plea-of-guilty-to.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Minneapolis's, United States Senate_
5. [ U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-Idaho) is revealed to have pleaded guilty on August 8 to a charge of disorderly conduct at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. ](/news/2007/08/27/u-s-senator-larry-craig-r-idaho-is-revealed-to-have-pleaded-guilty-on-august-8-to-a-charge-of-disorderly-conduct-at-the-minneapolis-st.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Republican, United States Senate_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
7. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
8. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
9. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
10. [Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
