### [2007-09-5](/news/2007/09/5/index.md)

#  Paul Gillmor, United States Representative from Ohio's 5th congressional district, is found dead in his Washington, D.C. apartment. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/09/05/congressman.dead/?iref=mpstoryview)

### Related:

1. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel.  He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: Ohio_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Ohio_
3. [Nine people are injured in a shooting at the J&R Party Hall after-hours club in Columbus, Ohio. Two are in critical condition. ](/news/2017/04/16/nine-people-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-the-j-r-party-hall-after-hours-club-in-columbus-ohio-two-are-in-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ohio_
4. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
5. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
6. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Ohio_
7. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Ohio_
10. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: Ohio_
