### [2007-09-5](/news/2007/09/5/index.md)

#  The Australian Government files appeal against court decision to set aside Indian doctor Mohamed Haneef visa cancellation. 




### Related:

1. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef wins his bid in the Federal Court to have his Australian work visa reinstated after Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews canceled it after Dr Haneef was charged with "providing material support to a terrorist organization." [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/21/2010804.htm (ABC News Australia)] Andrews later says the Australian government would appeal against the court ruling. ](/news/2007/08/21/dr-mohamed-haneef-wins-his-bid-in-the-federal-court-to-have-his-australian-work-visa-reinstated-after-immigration-minister-kevin-andrews-ca.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, visa-free travel_
2. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: Mohamed Haneef, visa-free travel_
3. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Australian_
4. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Australian_
5. [Myanmar's Thein Sein and the Philippines' Benigno Aquino III ink trade agreements including those that involve renewable energy, mass media, and visa-free travel. ](/news/2013/12/5/myanmar-s-thein-sein-and-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-ink-trade-agreements-including-those-that-involve-renewable-energy-mass-media.md) _Context: visa-free travel_
6. [Russia announces a tit-for-tat visa bar on Americans guilty of human rights violations, over the US Magnitsky bill. ](/news/2012/12/7/russia-announces-a-tit-for-tat-visa-bar-on-americans-guilty-of-human-rights-violations-over-the-us-magnitsky-bill.md) _Context: visa-free travel_
7. [A 35-year-old Australian man tries to headbutt a pilot over the Atlantic Ocean, causing the diversion of a British Airways transatlantic flight from New York's JFK airport to London City Airport. ](/news/2012/12/19/a-35-year-old-australian-man-tries-to-headbutt-a-pilot-over-the-atlantic-ocean-causing-the-diversion-of-a-british-airways-transatlantic-fli.md) _Context: Australian_
8. [Sandy Island, a South Pacific island, shown on marine charts and world maps as well as on Google Earth, does not exist, Australian scientists say. ](/news/2012/11/22/sandy-island-a-south-pacific-island-shown-on-marine-charts-and-world-maps-as-well-as-on-google-earth-does-not-exist-australian-scientist.md) _Context: Australian_
9. [Citing nuclear sanctions, the United States of America deny visas to 20 out of 160 Iranian officials, of which two are ministers, impeaching diplomats' attendance at next week's United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York. ](/news/2012/09/23/citing-nuclear-sanctions-the-united-states-of-america-deny-visas-to-20-out-of-160-iranian-officials-of-which-two-are-ministers-impeaching.md) _Context: visa-free travel_
10. [The United States revokes the visa for Bernardo Alvarez Herrera, the Venezuelan ambassador to the country. ](/news/2010/12/29/the-united-states-revokes-the-visa-for-bernardo-alvarez-herrera-the-venezuelan-ambassador-to-the-country.md) _Context: visa-free travel_
