### [2007-09-5](/news/2007/09/5/index.md)

#  The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority in the United Kingdom allows the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos for research purposes in principle. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5hnazqtWK863ZQoaJxFti2qlSDv-w)

### Related:

1. [ Edward Leigh's attempt to outlaw the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos in the United Kingdom is defeated by 336 votes to 176 in the British House of Commons. ](/news/2008/05/19/edward-leigh-s-attempt-to-outlaw-the-creation-of-human-animal-hybrid-embryos-in-the-united-kingdom-is-defeated-by-336-votes-to-176-in-the-b.md) _Context: UK, animal, embryo, human, hybrid_
2. [The United Kingdom Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority gives licensing rights to the Francis Crick Institute to genetically modify human embryos to study the early stages of embryo development though still needs the approval of a local research ethic board. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-united-kingdom-human-fertilisation-and-embryology-authority-gives-licensing-rights-to-the-francis-crick-institute-to-genetically-modify.md) _Context: Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority, UK_
3. [ A cross human-cow embryo survives a third straight day after being fertilized at Newcastle University, England. A director for embryonic stem cell laboratories at the Australian Stem Cell Centre said that the "99 per cent human" embryo could improve research within the field of human diseases. The Catholic Church in England however said that the creation was "monstrous" and says that the later destruction of it is unethical. ](/news/2008/04/2/a-cross-human-cow-embryo-survives-a-third-straight-day-after-being-fertilized-at-newcastle-university-england-a-director-for-embryonic-st.md) _Context: embryo, human_
4. [ British scientists at University of Newcastle announce that they have cloned human embryos for stem cells. Also, a team of South Korean scientists at Seoul National University state they have cloned the first embryonic cells customized to individual patients. ](/news/2005/05/19/british-scientists-at-university-of-newcastle-announce-that-they-have-cloned-human-embryos-for-stem-cells-also-a-team-of-south-korean-sci.md) _Context: UK, embryo_
5. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
6. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
7. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
8. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
9. [Coffee may prolong the human lifespan, suggests one study by Imperial College London and the International Agency for Research on Cancer, and another by the Keck School of Medicine of USC. ](/news/2017/07/10/coffee-may-prolong-the-human-lifespan-suggests-one-study-by-imperial-college-london-and-the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-an.md) _Context: human_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: UK_
