### [2009-11-7](/news/2009/11/7/index.md)

#  Voters in the Northern Mariana Islands go to the polls to elect the governor, legislature and local municipal offices. 




### Source:

1. [Marianas Variety](http://www.mvarietynews.com/cnmi-news/local/21561-your-vote-your-future.html)

### Related:

1. [ Incumbent Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party is declared the winner of the 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff over Republican Rep. Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/12/7/incumbent-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-of-the-covenant-party-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-2009-gubernatorial-election.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Northern Mariana Islands_
2. [  The Northern Mariana Islands election commission sets November 23 as the guberntorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/11/9/the-northern-mariana-islands-election-commission-sets-november-23-as-the-guberntorial-runoff-election-between-governor-benigno-fitial-and.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [ Northern Mariana Islands general election, 2009 results are released Republican Party candidate Heinz Hofschneider and incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial virtually tie in the closest gubernatorial election in history. A runoff election will be held in the next 14 days to determine the winner. ](/news/2009/11/8/northern-mariana-islands-general-election-2009-results-are-releasedp-republican-party-candidate-heinz-hofschneider-and-incumbent-governor.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Northern Mariana Islands general election, 2009_
4. [  In the Northern Mariana Islands' first ever runoff, incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party leads Republican Party Rep. Heinz Hofschneider  by 501 votes. ](/news/2009/11/24/in-the-northern-mariana-islands-first-ever-runoff-incumbent-governor-benigno-fitial-of-the-covenant-party-leads-republican-party-rep-he.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Northern Mariana Islands_
5. [ Voters in the Northern Mariana Islands participate in the Commonwealth's first ever gubernatorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. Hofschneider had bested Fitial in the first round by just 8 votes on November 7, the closest gubernatorial election in history. ](/news/2009/11/23/voters-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-participate-in-the-commonwealth-s-first-ever-gubernatorial-runoff-election-between-governor-benigno.md) _Context: 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff, Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
8. [Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-republican-party-caucuses-while-democratic-party-members-vote-in.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
9. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
10. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial is impeached by the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives on 13 charges of felony, corruption, and neglect of duty. ](/news/2013/02/11/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-is-impeached-by-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-representatives-on-13-charges.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands_
