### [2016-07-2](/news/2016/07/2/index.md)

# According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. 

Pentagon says deputy minister of war and commander died in US-led coalition airstrike near stronghold of Mosul


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-36690806)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/01/airstrike-kills-two-isis-military-leaders-in-iraq)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/96f8739393e1826a76801e868930b12be8cbaca0/0_49_5160_3096/5160.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=67ad53eb7cb5de47514d787d6e1dcaad)

### Related:

1. [ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famously-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-cal.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Mosul_
2. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retake-isil-held-mosul.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Mosul_
4. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
5. [At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]](/news/2016/07/24/at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-the-residential-entrances-to-district-kadhimiyah-in-no.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, U.S. military_
8. [The United States military says ISIL's so-called minister-of-war, Abu Omar al-Shishani, ne Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili, appears to have been killed in a U.S. air strike near the town of Al-Shaddadi in Syria. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-military-says-isil-s-so-called-minister-of-war-abu-omar-al-shishani-na-c-tarkhan-tayumurazovich-batirashvili-appears-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, U.S. military_
9. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-service.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are-killed-in-airstrikes-on-mosul-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Mosul_
