### [2016-07-2](/news/2016/07/2/index.md)

# Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. In pro-EU rallies, thousands of people protest in London against the United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union and ask that Article 50 not be invoked. 

Tens of thousands take to the streets of London to demonstrate against the vote to leave the EU.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2016/jul/02/brexit-news-live-thousands-march-for-europe-in-post-referendum-protest)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: London_
4. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-c.md) _Context: London_
5. [Big Ben. London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/big-ben-london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-perfor.md) _Context: London_
6. [Crime in London. Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/crime-in-london-five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
7. [Camden Market fire. A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/camden-market-fire-a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attendin.md) _Context: London_
8. [Crime in London. A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/crime-in-london-a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threa.md) _Context: London_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Brexit negotiations begin in Brussels. ](/news/2017/06/19/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-brexit-negotiations-begin-in-brussels.md) _Context: United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
10. [Grenfell Tower fire. The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/grenfell-tower-fire-the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-me.md) _Context: London_
