### [2016-07-2](/news/2016/07/2/index.md)

# Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. 

For Malcolm Turnbull and Bill Shorten, the size of the win or loss will determine whether they are secure in their positions and shape the Australian political landscape for the next 12 months and beyond.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/australia-election-idINKCN0ZI00H)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/federal-politics/federal-election-2016-opinion/federal-election-2016-will-malcolm-and-bill-survive-its-all-about-the-margin-20160702-gpwzds.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.smh.com.au/content/dam/images/g/p/w/u/h/e/image.related.socialLead.620x349.gpwzds.png/1467593887368.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal-National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Labor Party_
2. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Liberal Party_
3. [ Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissolv.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Parliament_
4. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http:--www.theaustralian.news.com.au-story-0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Labor Party, Parliament_
5. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http:--www.smh.com.au-articles-2003-12-02-1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Labor Party, Liberal Party_

### Changes:

1. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _2017-08-25 03:46:02 (First version)_
2. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _2017-08-27 03:46:24 (Update)_
2. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _(Current version)_
