### [2016-07-2](/news/2016/07/2/index.md)

# Turkish police arrest a total of 41 people in connection with the Istanbul Ataturk Airport terrorist attack. 

Turkish police arrested a total of 41 people in connection with a terrorist attack on Istanbul Ataturk Airport that killed 44 people, officials said.


### Source:

1. [UPI.com](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/07/02/Turkish-police-arrest-11-more-in-connection-with-airport-bombing/1361467484576/?spt=hts&or=5)

### Related:

1. [The death toll from the attack on the Istanbul Ataturk Airport rises to 42. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-death-toll-from-the-attack-on-the-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-rises-to-42.md) _Context: 2016 Istanbul airport attack, Istanbul Ataturk Airport_
2. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan returns to Istanbul Ataturk Airport indicating that the coup may be faltering. ](/news/2016/07/16/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-returns-to-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-indicating-that-the-coup-may-be-faltering.md) _Context: Istanbul Ataturk Airport_
3. [Seven police officers and four civilians are killed, and 36 people are wounded, three critically, by a car bomb explosion near the main tourism district in Istanbul, Turkey. The explosives, detonated by remote control, wrecked a passing police bus, reports CNN Turk. There is no immediate claim of responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/7/seven-police-officers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-and-36-people-are-wounded-three-critically-by-a-car-bomb-explosion-near-the-main-tour.md) _Context: Turkish police_
4. [A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded-238-others-were-russian-uzbek.md) _Context: 2016 Istanbul airport attack_
5. [Suspected ISIL militants attack  Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-says-36-people-were-killed-a.md) _Context: Istanbul Ataturk Airport_
6. [  Two Turkish police officers are killed in a suspected Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) bomb attack in the eastern province of Van. ](/news/2016/05/30/two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-suspected-kurdistan-workersa-party-pkk-bomb-attack-in-the-eastern-province-of-van.md) _Context: Turkish police_
7. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Turkish police_
8. [Istanbul police, after a standoff, shoot and kill two women from the Revolutionary People's Liberation Army-Front suspected of ambushing a riot police station in the Bayrampasa neighborhood on the city's European side. Two policemen were injured.  ](/news/2016/03/3/istanbul-police-after-a-standoff-shoot-and-kill-two-women-from-the-revolutionary-peopleas-liberation-army-front-suspected-of-ambushing-a.md) _Context: Turkish police_
9. [Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-killed-during-a-raid-on-a-house-used-by-militants-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-in-so.md) _Context: Turkish police_
10. [Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linked-to-the-islamic-state-g.md) _Context: Turkish police_
