### [2013-04-13](/news/2013/04/13/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis:South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. 

South Korean police on Saturday stopped a planned launch of anti-North Korea leaflets across the border, an activist said, as Seoul seeks to open dialogue and defuse soaring tensions with Pyongyang.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Express Tribune](http://tribune.com.pk/story/535080/manila-offers-us-its-military-bases-in-case-of-n-korea-war-2/)
2. [AP via ''The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/us-china-agree-to-rid-north-korea-of-nuclear-weapons/article11183704/)
3. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/s-korean-police-stop-anti/637062.html)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/2013-korean-crisis-pa-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increas.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, government of South Korea_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-ac.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz-the-unidentified-flyin.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [A single United States Air Force B-52 long-range strategic bomber makes a low-level flight over South Korea, close to the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ), in a show of force following North Korea's fourth nuclear test on January 6, before returning to its base in Guam. ](/news/2016/01/10/a-single-united-states-air-force-b-52-long-range-strategic-bomber-makes-a-low-level-flight-over-south-korea-close-to-the-korean-demilitariz.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [North and South Korea exchange artillery fire over the border at Yeoncheon, prompting South Korea to order evacuations of its citizens in the area. ](/news/2015/08/20/north-and-south-korea-exchange-artillery-fire-over-the-border-at-yeoncheon-prompting-south-korea-to-order-evacuations-of-its-citizens-in-th.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [A South Korean official claims that North Korea is placing land mines in the Korean Demilitarized Zone to stop soldiers from defecting. The Korean DMZ already contains an estimated 1 million mines. ](/news/2015/06/14/a-south-korean-official-claims-that-north-korea-is-placing-land-mines-in-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-to-stop-soldiers-from-defecting-the.md) _Context: Korean Demilitarized Zone, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-short-range-missiles-into-the-ocean-to-the-east-of-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
