### [2013-04-13](/news/2013/04/13/index.md)

# A man suspected of a shooting at the New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States, is charged with multiple counts of malicious wounding and use of a firearm during the commission of a felony, and held without bail. 

CHRISTIANSBURG, Va. (AP) — An 18-year-old college student was charged Friday with shooting and wounding two women at a mall branch of a southwest Virginia community college before he was subdued, the city&#x27;s police chief said.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/student-charged-va-mall-shootings-2-wounded-013736331.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/12/us/virginia-community-college-shooting)

### Related:

1. [Police are tipped off when a posting on 4chan reveals plans to commit a mass shooting at New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States. Two women are injured and a suspect is apprehended. ](/news/2013/04/12/police-are-tipped-off-when-a-posting-on-4chan-reveals-plans-to-commit-a-mass-shooting-at-new-river-community-college-in-christiansburg-virg.md) _Context: Christiansburg, New River Community College, United States, Virginia_
2. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage. The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
3. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
4. [Felony disenfranchisement. In the United States, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order restoring the rights of an estimated 200,000 convicted felons to vote and run for office. ](/news/2016/04/22/felony-disenfranchisement-in-the-united-states-virginia-governor-terry-mcauliffe-signs-an-executive-order-restoring-the-rights-of-an-estim.md) _Context: United States, felons_
5. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
6. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror - shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
7. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
8. [Romanian hacker Guccifer is indicted in absentia in a federal court in the U.S. state of Virginia for hacking into the e-mails of American government officials and family members. ](/news/2014/06/13/romanian-hacker-guccifer-is-indicted-in-absentia-in-a-federal-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia-for-hacking-into-the-e-mails-of-american-g.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
9. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]. Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.. Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.. Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
10. [Tonya S. Bundick is charged in connection with seventy arsons in Virginia, United States. ](/news/2013/04/2/tonya-s-bundick-is-charged-in-connection-with-seventy-arsons-in-virginia-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
