### [2013-04-13](/news/2013/04/13/index.md)

# In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. 

Rally hears campaign against property tax to intensify in coming weeks 


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/thousands-attend-anti-austerity-protest-in-dublin-1.1359805)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.irishtimes.com/image-creator/?id=1.1359804&origw=1440)

### Related:

1. [European Union finance ministers and central bank governors begin a two-day meeting at Dublin Castle to talk about austerity, the collapse of the Cypriot economy and the creation of a federal bank. ](/news/2013/04/12/european-union-finance-ministers-and-central-bank-governors-begin-a-two-day-meeting-at-dublin-castle-to-talk-about-austerity-the-collapse-o.md) _Context: Dublin Castle, EU, finance minister_
2. [Veteran Irish Labour Party TD Michael D. Higgins demands that the British government explain why one of Britain's undercover policemen was operating on Republic of Ireland territory on May Day 2004, as the European Union expanded to the east. Higgins compares it to illegal activities carried out by British state agents in the same country during the 1970s. ](/news/2011/01/14/veteran-irish-labour-party-td-michael-d-higgins-demands-that-the-british-government-explain-why-one-of-britain-s-undercover-policemen-was-o.md) _Context: EU, Irish, TD_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: EU, Irish_
4. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: EU, Irish_
5. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, Irish_
6. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: EU, Irish_
7. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Irish, TD_
8. [Irish lawmakers vote 113 to 36 to liquidate the Irish Bank Resolution Corporation (IBRC), with Joe Higgins of the opposition Socialist Party describing the rapid developments as "chaotic". ](/news/2013/02/7/irish-lawmakers-vote-113-to-36-to-liquidate-the-irish-bank-resolution-corporation-ibrc-with-joe-higgins-of-the-opposition-socialist-party.md) _Context: Irish, Joe Higgins_
9. [The European Union urges member states to conduct random tests to tackle an ongoing horse meat contamination scandal. Simon Coveney, Ireland's Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, says that the scandal is a "Europe-wide issue that needs a Europe-wide solution". ](/news/2013/02/13/the-european-union-urges-member-states-to-conduct-random-tests-to-tackle-an-ongoing-horse-meat-contamination-scandal-simon-coveney-ireland.md) _Context: EU, Irish_
10. [Finance Ministers from the European Union agree to giving the European Central Bank new powers to supervise euro zone banks. ](/news/2012/12/13/finance-ministers-from-the-european-union-agree-to-giving-the-european-central-bank-new-powers-to-supervise-euro-zone-banks.md) _Context: EU, finance minister_
