### [2013-04-13](/news/2013/04/13/index.md)

# The National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic elects Michel Djotodia as the President confirming a position he has held since a coup last month. 




### Source:

1. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/04/13/298127/coup-leader-elected-car-president/)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pseleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pro.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Michel Djotodia, President_
2. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):More than 5,000 people have died in the Central African Republic in the past 9 months. ](/news/2014/09/12/central-african-republic-conflict-2012apresent-pmore-than-5-000-people-have-died-in-the-central-african-republic-in-the-past-9-months.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Central African Republic conflict (2012–present)_
3. [Central African Republic conflict:Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-prussia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cent.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Central African Republic conflict (2012–present)_
4. [France announces it will increase the number of its soldiers deployed in the Central African Republic as sectarian violence worsens. ](/news/2014/02/14/france-announces-it-will-increase-the-number-of-its-soldiers-deployed-in-the-central-african-republic-as-sectarian-violence-worsens.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Central African Republic conflict (2012–present)_
5. [The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-transitional-national-assembly-of-the-central-african-republic-chooses-catherine-samba-panza-as-the-interim-president-making-her-the-co.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President_
6. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012apresent-psouth-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african-r.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Central African Republic conflict (2012–present)_
7. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Michel Djotodia_
8. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President_
9. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
10. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
