### [2009-12-16](/news/2009/12/16/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Pakistan declares NRO as unconstitutional, paving way for the reopening of the corruption cases involving the President and other senior officials. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8417170.stm)
2. [The News](http://www.thenews.com.pk/updates.asp?id=93728)

### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
2. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
3. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan orders the Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to appear before it to explain his alleged failure to comply with orders reopening corruption charges against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-orders-the-prime-minister-raja-pervez-ashraf-to-appear-before-it-to-explain-his-alleged-failure-to-comply-with.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
4. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Raja Pervez Ashraf appears in the Pakistani Supreme Court over his failure to reopen investigations of corruption against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/27/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-raja-pervez-ashraf-appears-in-the-pakistani-supreme-court-over-his-failure-to-reopen-investigations-of-corrup.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
5. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan begins hearing a case against the National Reconciliation Ordinance which protected President Asif Ali Zardari and other key political figures against graft charges. ](/news/2009/12/7/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-begins-hearing-a-case-against-the-national-reconciliation-ordinance-which-protected-president-asif-ali-zardar.md) _Context: Supreme Court, amnesty protecting him_
6. [ The Pakistani opposition calls on President Asif Ali Zardari to resign after the Supreme Court declared void an amnesty protecting him and other senior officials from corruption charges. ](/news/2009/12/17/the-pakistani-opposition-calls-on-president-asif-ali-zardari-to-resign-after-the-supreme-court-declared-void-an-amnesty-protecting-him-and.md) _Context: Supreme Court, amnesty protecting him_
7. [ Pakistan's National Reconciliation Ordinance, issued by former President Pervez Musharraf in October 2007 to provide several thousand politicians (including current President Asif Ali Zardari) amnesty from charges of political corruption, expires. ](/news/2009/11/28/pakistan-s-national-reconciliation-ordinance-issued-by-former-president-pervez-musharraf-in-october-2007-to-provide-several-thousand-polit.md) _Context: President, amnesty protecting him_
8. [ Pakistan reinstates Supreme Court judges ousted by former President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/09/5/pakistan-reinstates-supreme-court-judges-ousted-by-former-president-pervez-musharraf.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
9. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]  President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
10. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.{{Fact|date=December 2007}}](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: President, Supreme Court_
