### [2016-01-31](/news/2016/01/31/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: 2016 Sayyidah Zaynab bombings: At least 60 people are killed and 110 wounded in a twin-suicide bomb attack in the town of Sayyidah Zaynab, Rif Dimashq Governorate, near Syria's holiest Shi'ite shrine, the Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility for the attack. 

The explosions occurred as representatives of Syria&#x27;s government and its divided opposition began convening in Geneva for U.N.-mediated peace talks.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/damascus-blasts-least-45-dead-110-wounded-bombings-near-sayeda-n507976)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/ISIS-claim-responsibility-for-major-attack-near-Damascus-Shiite-shrine-443369)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: 2015 al-Qamishli bombings: Several suicide-bomb attacks targeting Assyrian Christians celebrating New Year's Eve at restaurants in the Kurdish-controlled Syrian city of Al-Qamishli, Al-Hasakah Governorate, leave at least 16 people dead and 35 wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are suspected to be behind the bombings. ](/news/2015/12/30/syrian-civil-war-2015-al-qamishli-bombings-several-suicide-bomb-attacks-targeting-assyrian-christians-celebrating-new-year-s-eve-at-restau.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, suicide bombing_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/syrian-civil-war-turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war: Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations: The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
