### [2016-01-31](/news/2016/01/31/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yemen's top salafist cleric, Samahan Abdel-Aziz, is found dead, with signs of torture, in Sheikh Othman, Aden Governorate, after being abducted by gunmen outside his mosque after delivering a sermon against Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/984f417419e24d998dfffedde57d5ade/rights-group-says-yemen-rebels-blocking-aid-besieged-city)

### Related:

1. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present): At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
2. [Yemeni civil war (2015-present): A suicide bombing kills at least 30 and injures 70 others in the southern city of Mukalla, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/05/15/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-30-and-injures-70-others-in-the-southern-city-of-mukalla-yemen-the-isl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): 2016 Aden car bombing: At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-2016-aden-car-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): At least seven people are killed in a suicide bomb attack near the presidential palace in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims it was behind the attack. ](/news/2016/01/28/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bomb-attack-near-the-presidential-palace-in-aden-yemen-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-jaafar-mohammed-saad-the-governor-of-yemen-s-southern-aden-governorate-along-with-six-guards-are-killed-by-a-sui.md) _Context: Aden Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden Governorate, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilian.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Qaeda_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): A Houthi missile attack on a Yemeni military camp near the port city of Mocha kills Major General Ahmed Saif al-Yafei, Yemen's deputy chief of staff, and several others. ](/news/2017/02/22/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-houthi-missile-attack-on-a-yemeni-military-camp-near-the-port-city-of-mocha-kills-major-general-ahmed-s.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
