### [2004-03-17](/news/2004/03/17/index.md)

#  Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. 

United Nations officials described the clashes as the worst violence in Kosovo since the world body took over its administration almost five years ago.


### Source:

1. [B92](http://www.b92.net/english/news/index.php?&nav_category=&nav_id=27483&order=priority&style=headlines)
2. [B92](http://www.b92.net/english/news/index.php?&nav_category=&nav_id=27517&order=priority&style=headlines)
3. [B92](http://www.b92.net/english/news/index.php?&nav_category=&nav_id=27520&order=priority&style=headlines)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3521068.stm)
5. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/03/17/kosovo.clash.ap/index.html)
6. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/03/17/international/europe/17CND-KOSO.html?hp)
7. [RTS, in Serbian](http://www.rts.rs/jedna_vest.asp?source=komentar&IDNews=71242)
8. [SwissInfo](http://www.swissinfo.org/sen/Swissinfo.html?siteSect=143&sid=4798093)
8. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ Unrest in Kosovo: NATO announces that it will reinforce its Kosovo Force, following ethnic unrest there that has killed at least 31 people over the past two days. More Serbian Orthodox Churches have been set ablaze by Albanians and violence has continued in and around Kosovo Serb enclaves. Russia and Serbia and Montenegro call for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council. United Nations officials attempt to restore order in the province and blame the unrest on nationalist extremists on both sides. More demonstrations have taken place across Serbia, so far without the violence seen the previous day. ](/news/2004/03/18/unrest-in-kosovo-nato-announces-that-it-will-reinforce-its-kosovo-force-following-ethnic-unrest-there-that-has-killed-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Albanians, Kosovo Serb enclaves, Serbia, UNMIK, Unrest in Kosovo_
2. [ Serbian Minister on Kosovo Slobodan Samardzic submits to UNMIK a plan suggesting Kosovo's division into cantons along ethnic lines. ](/news/2008/04/3/serbian-minister-on-kosovo-slobodan-samarda3-4ia-submits-to-unmik-a-plan-suggesting-kosovo-s-division-into-cantons-along-ethnic-lines.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia, UNMIK_
3. [ Suspended Serb prison workers from Lipljan, Kosovo, claim that Serbia has not paid them money promised for leaving the Kosovo institutions. ](/news/2008/04/2/suspended-serb-prison-workers-from-lipljan-kosovo-claim-that-serbia-has-not-paid-them-money-promised-for-leaving-the-kosovo-institutions.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia, Serbian_
4. [ Serbian Defense Minister Dragan Sutanovac accuses allies of Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica of coordinating and leading anti-Western riots in Belgrade and Kosovo. ](/news/2008/03/31/serbian-defense-minister-dragan-a-utanovac-accuses-allies-of-prime-minister-vojislav-koa-tunica-of-coordinating-and-leading-anti-western-ri.md) _Context: Belgrade, Kosovo, Serbia_
5. [ The Serbian minister for Kosovo claims that his government has information that the province's Albanian leadership will declare independence on February 17. ](/news/2008/02/8/the-serbian-minister-for-kosovo-claims-that-his-government-has-information-that-the-province-s-albanian-leadership-will-declare-independenc.md) _Context: Albanians, Kosovo, Serbia_
6. [ At least 500,000 Serbs rally in Belgrade to protest against Kosovo's declaration of independence over the weekend. ](/news/2008/02/21/at-least-500-000-serbs-rally-in-belgrade-to-protest-against-kosovo-s-declaration-of-independence-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Belgrade, Kosovo, Serbian_
7. [ In Serbia a documentary film "The Truth" (Istina) made of footage filmed during the Yugoslav wars, and showing numerous war crimes committed against Serbs is introduced in the Sava Center in Belgrade, sparking public outrage. ](/news/2005/07/9/in-serbia-a-documentary-film-the-truth-istina-made-of-footage-filmed-during-the-yugoslav-wars-and-showing-numerous-war-crimes-committe.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia, Serbian_
8. [ Ivan Jovovic and Bogdan Bukomiric, both 16 years old, from Gorazdevac near Pec die after two attackers fired AK-47s on a group of children from Gorazdevac who were bathing in the river Bistrica. Four children were injured in the attack, two of which are in critical condition. UNMIK and KFOR claimed that they transferred one of them, Marko Bogicevic, to Belgrade, but he is actually in a German military hospital at Prizren, against his parents' wishes. An Italian KFOR patrol refused to lend fuel for the car which was transporting wounded children to hospital in Pec, when it ran out of fuel, and took no action when car was stoned by local Albanians. After finally arriving at Pec, doctors there refused to treat the children. KFOR claims that it is researching the location of the incident with 300 men.date=February 2010](/news/2003/08/13/ivan-jovovic-and-bogdan-bukomiric-both-16-years-old-from-goraa3-4devac-near-pec-die-after-two-attackers-fired-ak-47s-on-a-group-of-children.md) _Context: Albanians, Belgrade, UNMIK_
9. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbia_
10. [Five people, all foreign holidaymakers, are killed and 23 are injured when their bus swerves off a highway en route to Belgrade, Serbia. ](/news/2016/06/21/five-people-all-foreign-holidaymakers-are-killed-and-23-are-injured-when-their-bus-swerves-off-a-highway-en-route-to-belgrade-serbia.md) _Context: Belgrade, Serbia_
