### [2002-06-22](/news/2002/06/22/index.md)

#  Natural disaster - a major earthquake hit Iran, with its epicentre at Bou'in-Zahra, measuring at least 6.0 on the Richter scale.




### Related:

1. [2013 Bushehr earthquake: A 6.1-magnitude earthquake rocks the Iranian towns of Khvormuj, Bandar Deyr and Kangan, killing 37 people and injuring over 850, and was felt as far as Bahrain. ](/news/2013/04/9/2013-bushehr-earthquake-a-6-1amagnitude-earthquake-rocks-the-iranian-towns-of-khvormuj-bandar-deyr-and-kangan-killing-37-people-and-inj.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
2. [At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash-county-sistan-and-baluchestan-province.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
3. [ An earthquake, registering 6.4 on the Richter Scale, strikes the city of Zarand and several villages in Iran at 02:25 UTC, leaving at least 546 dead. ("see" 2005 Zarand earthquake).](/news/2005/02/22/an-earthquake-registering-6-4-on-the-richter-scale-strikes-the-city-of-zarand-and-several-villages-in-iran-at-02-25-utc-leaving-at-least.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
4. [A powerful earthquake occurs near the southern Iranian city of Bam at 0156 GMT (5.26am local time). The USGS estimates its magnitude as 6.7 on the Richter scale. The BBC reports that ""70% of the modern city of Bam"" is destroyed. Iranian government officials estimate the death toll at over 20,000 with a further 50,000 injured. Bam Citadel the largest adobe structure of the world is destroyed. The area of the citadel is about 180,000 square meters and the construction date of parts of it goes back for about 2500 years. [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/uscvad.htm][http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3348613.stm][http://edition.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/meast/12/26/iran.quake/index.html]](/news/2003/12/26/a-powerful-earthquake-occurs-near-the-southern-iranian-city-of-bam-at-0156-gmt-5-26am-local-time-the-usgs-estimates-its-magnitude-as-6-7.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake, magnitude_
5. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
6. [A strong 6.2 magnitude earthquake occurs in southern Iran with reports of injuries and property damage. ](/news/2013/05/11/a-strong-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-southern-iran-with-reports-of-injuries-and-property-damage.md) _Context: Iran, earthquake_
7. [2013 Lushan earthquake: An earthquake of 7.0 magnitude strikes Lushan County, Sichuan province, China, with the latest estimate showing 193 people dead, 24 missing and 11,826 injured. ](/news/2013/04/20/2013-lushan-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-7-0-magnitude-strikes-lushan-county-sichuan-province-china-with-the-latest-estimate-showing-193.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
8. [An earthquake estimated at a magnitude of 6.0 hits Kobe, Japan, injuring at least 22 people. ](/news/2013/04/13/an-earthquake-estimated-at-a-magnitude-of-6-0-hits-kobe-japan-injuring-at-least-22-people.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
9. [2013 Nantou earthquake: At least one person is killed and 19 others are injured when a 6.0-magnitude earthquake strikes near Taipei, Taiwan, causing a fire and shaking buildings. ](/news/2013/03/27/2013-nantou-earthquake-at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-19-others-are-injured-when-a-6-0-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-near-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
10. [2013 Narino earthquake: A magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes southwest Colombia causing major disruption to the region and injuring at least 8 people. ](/news/2013/02/9/2013-naria-o-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-strikes-southwest-colombia-causing-major-disruption-to-the-region-and-injuring-at-least.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
