### [2006-01-10](/news/2006/01/10/index.md)

#  Japanese whalers and anti-whaling environmental groups continue to clash in Antarctic waters near Australia, as calls for the Australian Government to intervene intensify. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200601/s1545006.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the ''Nisshin Maru,'' following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Antarctic, hunt_
2. [A convention of Indigenous Australians at Mutitjulu concludes. Leaders deliver a statement to the Government of Australia outlining their position on amendments to the Constitution of Australia, including constitutional recognition. ](/news/2017/05/26/a-convention-of-indigenous-australians-at-mutitjulu-concludes-leaders-deliver-a-statement-to-the-government-of-australia-outlining-their-po.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
3. [A Japanese fleet returns home after hunting 333 whales in the Antarctic. The Japanese government states that the purpose was for research. ](/news/2017/03/31/a-japanese-fleet-returns-home-after-hunting-333-whales-in-the-antarctic-the-japanese-government-states-that-the-purpose-was-for-research.md) _Context: Antarctic_
4. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: hunt_
5. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: hunt_
6. [The United Nations' World Meteorological Organization (WMO) announces that, earlier this month, the Antarctic ozone hole widened to one of its largest sizes on record. A colder than usual stratosphere widened the hole to a peak of 28.2 million square km (10.9 million square miles). ](/news/2015/10/29/the-united-nations-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-announces-that-earlier-this-month-the-antarctic-ozone-hole-widened-to-one-of-i.md) _Context: Antarctic_
7. [Amnesty International accuses Australian border protection officials of illegally paying people smugglers and endangering lives in a bid to prevent boats of asylum seekers from reaching the country via Operation Sovereign Borders. Australia's government rejects Amnesty's report and denies any wrongdoing.](/news/2015/10/29/amnesty-international-accuses-australian-border-protection-officials-of-illegally-paying-people-smugglers-and-endangering-lives-in-a-bid-to.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
8. [Japan announces plans to resume whaling in the Antarctic during the southern hemisphere summer. Commercial whaling has been banned for over 30 years by the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2015/06/22/japan-announces-plans-to-resume-whaling-in-the-antarctic-during-the-southern-hemisphere-summer-commercial-whaling-has-been-banned-for-over.md) _Context: Antarctic_
9. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits.  ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: Antarctic_
10. [A riot at the Australian Government's immigration detention facility on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea results in one death and 77 injuries. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-riot-at-the-australian-government-s-immigration-detention-facility-on-manus-island-in-papua-new-guinea-results-in-one-death-and-77-injurie.md) _Context: Government of Australia_
