### [2009-11-19](/news/2009/11/19/index.md)

#  Irish politicians, including Taoiseach Brian Cowen, call for a controversial football playoff for the 2010 FIFA World Cup between France and Republic of Ireland to be replayed as the Football Association of Ireland lodges an official complaint with FIFA. 

The Taoiseach has joined the FAI in calling for a replay following last night&#39;s controversial World Cup play-off match.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1119/ireland.html)
2. [Radio Netherlands](http://www.rnw.nl/english/article/ireland-calls-rematch-after-henry-handsball)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2009/nov/19/ireland-france-thierry-henry-world-cup)
4. [The LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/sports/la-sp-world-cup-henry20-2009nov20,0,5392453.story?track=rss)

### Related:

1. [ FIFA turns down the Football Association of Ireland's request for a rematch between France and Republic of Ireland, after a controversial handball decided the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification playoff between the two countries. ](/news/2009/11/20/fifa-turns-down-the-football-association-of-ireland-s-request-for-a-rematch-between-france-and-republic-of-ireland-after-a-controversial-h.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA, Football Association of Ireland, France, Ireland, controversial handball incident_
2. [ Protestors gather at the French Embassy in Dublin in a continuation of the dispute with FIFA over the controversial handball incident in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match between France and Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2009/11/21/protestors-gather-at-the-french-embassy-in-dublin-in-a-continuation-of-the-dispute-with-fifa-over-the-controversial-handball-incident-in-th.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, FIFA, France, Ireland, controversial handball incident_
3. [ The France national football team beat the Republic of Ireland at the Stade de France to qualify for the 2010 FIFA World Cup finals in South Africa, with Thierry Henry admitting after the game that he committed handball in the move leading to the decisive goal. ](/news/2009/11/18/the-france-national-football-team-beat-the-republic-of-ireland-at-the-stade-de-france-to-qualify-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-finals-in-sout.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, France, Ireland, controversial handball incident_
4. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
5. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen begins his state visit to the United States in Chicago, announcing to the world his scheme that will allow senior citizen tourists aged 66 and above to travel free on Iarnrod Eireann in the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/13/taoiseach-brian-cowen-begins-his-state-visit-to-the-united-states-in-chicago-announcing-to-the-world-his-scheme-that-will-allow-senior-citi.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
6. [Irish Minister for Defence Willie O'Dea resigns after a controversy surrounding his remarks on a rival politician's relationship with brothels but denies claims by opposition party Fine Gael that he has committed perjury. Taoiseach Brian Cowen assigns himself temporary responsibility for the Department of Defence. ](/news/2010/02/18/irish-minister-for-defence-willie-o-dea-resigns-after-a-controversy-surrounding-his-remarks-on-a-rival-politician-s-relationship-with-brothe.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [ Irish Independent Member of Parliament Noel Grealish withdraws his support for the country's government over the issue of pay cuts in the public sector. The move reduces the administration of Taoiseach Brian Cowen to a minority government. ](/news/2009/12/5/irish-independent-member-of-parliament-noel-grealish-withdraws-his-support-for-the-country-s-government-over-the-issue-of-pay-cuts-in-the-p.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
8. [ Ireland's Taoiseach Brian Cowen is confronted by displeased residents in Athlone during his half-day tour of flood-hit areas in Galway, Offaly, Roscommon and Westmeath. ](/news/2009/11/26/ireland-s-taoiseach-brian-cowen-is-confronted-by-displeased-residents-in-athlone-during-his-half-day-tour-of-flood-hit-areas-in-galway-off.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
9. [ Ireland's Taoiseach Brian Cowen denies Libertas founder Declan Ganley's claim that the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon is "profoundly undemocratic". ](/news/2009/09/12/ireland-s-taoiseach-brian-cowen-denies-libertas-founder-declan-ganley-s-claim-that-the-second-irish-referendum-on-the-treaty-of-lisbon-is.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
10. [ Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces that the second referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon in Ireland will be held on October 2. ](/news/2009/07/8/taoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-that-the-second-referendum-on-the-treaty-of-lisbon-in-ireland-will-be-held-on-october-2.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
