### [2009-11-19](/news/2009/11/19/index.md)

#  Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo steps down as head of the ruling Lakas-Kampi-CMD party and endorses her former defense minister Gilberto Teodoro for President. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/8368139.stm)
2. [Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=524811&publicationSubCategoryId=200)
3. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/BreakingNews/SEAsia/Story/STIStory_456497.html)

### Related:

1. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines_
2. [Typhoon Haiyan:: Philippine President Benigno Aquino III is criticized by survivors, aid agencies, and international and local media for his inadequate response to the tragedy. ](/news/2013/11/14/typhoon-haiyan-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-is-criticized-by-survivors-aid-agencies-and-international-and-local-media-for-his.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines_
3. [Former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested in hospital on new charges of allegedly misusing state funds while in office. ](/news/2012/10/4/former-philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-is-arrested-in-hospital-on-new-charges-of-allegedly-misusing-state-funds-while-in-office.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine_
4. [Former President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested over charges of electoral fraud. ](/news/2011/11/18/former-president-of-the-philippines-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-is-arrested-over-charges-of-electoral-fraud.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
5. [Philippine President Benigno Aquino III meets with rebel Moro Islamic Liberation Front leader Al Haj Murad Ibrahim in Tokyo. ](/news/2011/08/5/philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-meets-with-rebel-moro-islamic-liberation-front-leader-al-haj-murad-ibrahim-in-tokyo.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines_
6. [The Philippine House of Representatives votes to impeach the Ombudsman, Merceditas Gutierrez, for allegedly failing to investigate former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and other senior officials of her administration with sufficient vigor. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-philippine-house-of-representatives-votes-to-impeach-the-ombudsman-merceditas-gutierrez-for-allegedly-failing-to-investigate-former-pr.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
7. [Philippine general election, 2010: Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]: Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine_
8. [ The President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declares martial law in Maguindanao following the Maguindanao massacre. ](/news/2009/12/5/the-president-of-the-philippines-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-martial-law-in-maguindanao-following-the-maguindanao-massacre.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
9. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo pardons the 10 remaining convicted murderers involved in the assassination of politician Benigno Aquino, Jr. ](/news/2009/03/5/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-pardons-the-10-remaining-convicted-murderers-involved-in-the-assassination-of-politician-benig.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
10. [ 2007 Burmese anti-government protests:: Philippine President Gloria Arroyo says her country will not ratify the new Association of Southeast Asian Nations Charter unless the State Peace and Development Council frees opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2007/11/19/2007-burmese-anti-government-protests-philippine-president-gloria-arroyo-says-her-country-will-not-ratify-the-new-association-of-southeas.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines_
