### [2009-11-19](/news/2009/11/19/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of Belgium, Herman Van Rompuy, is chosen as the first permanent President of the European Council by European Union leaders. 

Gordon Brown insisted tonight that Britain would remain a powerful voice in Brussels after Labour peer Baroness Ashton was appointed as the European Union&#039;s first foreign minister.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5h9YSN1_JnLKgPuRouHX-hlSg8OQg)
2. [BBC News](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/baroness-ashton-becomes-europes-first-foreign-minister-1823742.html)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8367589.stm)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: EU, President of the European Council_
2. [European Union leaders meet to discuss Europe's economic problems and to reappoint Herman Van Rompuy as the President of the European Council. ](/news/2012/03/1/european-union-leaders-meet-to-discuss-europe-s-economic-problems-and-to-reappoint-herman-van-rompuy-as-the-president-of-the-european-counci.md) _Context: Herman Van Rompuy, President of the European Council_
3. [President Herman Van Rompuy predicts the possible collapse of the European Union but then says "I'm very confident we will overcome this". ](/news/2010/11/16/president-herman-van-rompuy-predicts-the-possible-collapse-of-the-european-union-but-then-says-i-m-very-confident-we-will-overcome-this.md) _Context: EU, Herman Van Rompuy_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: EU, President of the European Council_
5. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
6. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU_
7. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU_
8. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: EU_
9. [The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: EU_
10. [France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen is under investigation for alleged misuse of European Union funding. ](/news/2017/06/30/france-s-national-front-leader-marine-le-pen-is-under-investigation-for-alleged-misuse-of-european-union-funding.md) _Context: EU_
