### [2007-08-11](/news/2007/08/11/index.md)

#  New York City is put on high alert after an al Qaeda bomb threat surfaces on Internet. 




### Related:

1. [Jose Pimentel, a 27-year-old Dominican-American, is arrested in New York City after planning to detonate pipe bombs, according to New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. The suspect is believed to have Al-Qaeda sympathies, although no wider conspiracy is suspected. ](/news/2011/11/20/jose-pimentel-a-27-year-old-dominican-american-is-arrested-in-new-york-city-after-planning-to-detonate-pipe-bombs-according-to-new-york-m.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
2. [Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. ](/news/2010/06/6/two-men-bound-for-somalia-to-join-an-islamic-extremist-group-with-links-to-al-qaeda-are-arrested-at-kennedy-international-airport-new-york.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Reports state that information that led the US to raise the terror alert for five financial centers in New York City, northern New Jersey and Washington, D.C. was mainly three or four years old but had been updated as recently as January. Administration officials note, too, that al Qaeda is known for its planning, and that this information became available following the ](/news/2004/08/3/reports-state-that-information-that-led-the-us-to-raise-the-terror-alert-for-five-financial-centers-in-new-york-city-northern-new-jersey-a.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
5. [ September 11 attacks: Planes are hijacked by al-Qaeda members and flown into the World Trade Center in New York City, The Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,996 people.](/news/2001/09/11/september-11-attacks-planes-are-hijacked-by-al-qaeda-members-and-flown-into-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-and-a-f.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
6. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-five-others-at-the-facility-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [The Tony Awards are held in New York City with "Dear Evan Hansen" winning six awards including Best Musical and "Oslo" winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-winning-best-play.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
