### [2007-08-11](/news/2007/08/11/index.md)

#  United States presidential candidate Mitt Romney wins the Republican Party's Ames Straw Poll in Ames, Iowa. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/08/11/AR2007081101382.html?hpid=topnews)

### Related:

1. [The first electoral contest of the 2012 United States Presidential election takes place in the Iowa town of Ames with the Ames Straw Poll for Republican Party candidates with Michele Bachmann emerging as the winner. ](/news/2011/08/13/the-first-electoral-contest-of-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-takes-place-in-the-iowa-town-of-ames-with-the-ames-straw-poll-fo.md) _Context: Ames, Ames Straw Poll, Republican_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: A majority of Michigan's Republican delegates say that they will support John McCain following the withdrawal of Michigan primary winner Mitt Romney from the race. McCain has also won the allegiance of a majority of Louisiana delegates. ](/news/2008/02/16/united-states-presidential-election-2008-a-majority-of-michigan-s-republican-delegates-say-that-they-will-support-john-mccain-following-t.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties.: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for-t.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Tom Tancredo withdraws as a candidate for the Republican nomination and endorses Mitt Romney. ](/news/2007/12/20/united-states-presidential-election-2008-tom-tancredo-withdraws-as-a-candidate-for-the-republican-nomination-and-endorses-mitt-romney.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
6. [ Former Governor of Wisconsin Tommy Thompson withdraws as a candidate for the Republican nomination in the United States presidential election, 2008 following his low level of support in the Ames Straw Poll. ](/news/2007/08/12/former-governor-of-wisconsin-tommy-thompson-withdraws-as-a-candidate-for-the-republican-nomination-in-the-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: 2008, Ames Straw Poll, Republican_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney (R) formally announces his candidacy for president. ](/news/2007/02/13/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-governor-of-massachusetts-mitt-romney-r-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-president.md) _Context: 2008, Mitt Romney, Republican_
8. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
9. [Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. ](/news/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-to-be-its-candidate-in-the-2012-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
10. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican_
