### [2009-08-26](/news/2009/08/26/index.md)

#  U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, the last surviving Kennedy brother, dies at age 77, after battling brain cancer. 

Senator Kennedy, a man who knew acclaim and tragedy in near-equal measure, will be remembered as one of the most effective lawmakers in the history of the Senate.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/08/27/us/politics/27kennedy.html)

### Related:

1. [Massachusetts voters elect Republican Scott Brown to fill the vacant United States Senate seat previously held by Ted Kennedy. ](/news/2010/01/19/massachusetts-voters-elect-republican-scott-brown-to-fill-the-vacant-united-states-senate-seat-previously-held-by-ted-kennedy.md) _Context: Massachusetts, Ted Kennedy, United States Senate_
2. [U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts claims the government of Sudan{{spaced ndash}}which has been subject to U.S. sanctions since 1997{{spaced ndash}}has assured him it will hold a referendum on independence for the south. ](/news/2010/10/25/u-s-senator-john-kerry-of-massachusetts-claims-the-government-of-sudan-spaced-ndash-which-has-been-subject-to-u-s-sanctions-since-1997.md) _Context: Massachusetts, United States Senate_
3. [ Paul G. Kirk, Jr. is sworn in as the interim U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, succeeding the late Ted Kennedy. ](/news/2009/09/25/paul-g-kirk-jr-is-sworn-in-as-the-interim-u-s-senator-from-massachusetts-succeeding-the-late-ted-kennedy.md) _Context: Massachusetts, Ted Kennedy_
4. [ Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts chooses former Democratic National Committee chairman Paul G. Kirk, Jr. to replace former Senator Teddy Kennedy on a temporary basis, until elections can be held to choose a permanent replacement to fill the remainder of Kennedy's term.  ](/news/2009/09/24/governor-deval-patrick-of-massachusetts-chooses-former-democratic-national-committee-chairman-paul-g-kirk-jr-to-replace-former-senator-t.md) _Context: Massachusetts, United States Senate_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
6. [A car crash at an auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, kills at least three and injures nine, two critically.  ](/news/2017/05/3/a-car-crash-at-an-auto-auction-in-billerica-massachusetts-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-nine-two-critically.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
7. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
