### [2004-07-14](/news/2004/07/14/index.md)

#  The Iranian government rejected requests for Canadian government observers to attend the trial of intelligence agents charged with the death of Canadian photographer, Zahra Kazemi




### Related:

1. [ Canada recalls its ambassador to Iran to protest Iran's refusal to allow Canadians to attend the trial of an Iranian intelligence agent charged in the death of Montreal-based photographer and journalist, Zahra Kazemi. ](/news/2004/07/15/canada-recalls-its-ambassador-to-iran-to-protest-iran-s-refusal-to-allow-canadians-to-attend-the-trial-of-an-iranian-intelligence-agent-cha.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi, photographer_
2. [ Representatives of the government of Canada withdraw from a business conference with Iran in protest of the case of deceased journalist Zahra Kazemi. Kazemi died in Iranian police custody and Iranian refugee doctor Shahram Azam says that she had extensive injuries and had been tortured. Iranian officials deny the charges. Canada has unsuccessfully demanded return of Kazemi's body. ](/news/2005/04/7/representatives-of-the-government-of-canada-withdraw-from-a-business-conference-with-iran-in-protest-of-the-case-of-deceased-journalist-zah.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
3. [ An Iranian court clears Mohammad Reza Aghdam-Ahmadi, the intelligence agent accused of killing the Iranian-Canadian journalist Zahra Kazemi, of charges of "semi-intentional murder", stating that the blood money should be paid from the state's treasury. ](/news/2004/07/24/an-iranian-court-clears-mohammad-reza-aghdam-ahmadi-the-intelligence-agent-accused-of-killing-the-iranian-canadian-journalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
4. [ The trial for the murder of Canadian journalist Zahra Kazemi in Iran ended abruptly on the second day of the proceedings. The lawyers of the Kazemi family insisted that the time has not been enough for proofs to be given, witnesses to be brought to court, and the murderer to be identified.](/news/2004/07/18/the-trial-for-the-murder-of-canadian-journalist-zahra-kazemi-in-iran-ended-abruptly-on-the-second-day-of-the-proceedings-the-lawyers-of-th.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
5. [ Two Iranian intelligence officers are charged in connection with the death of Canadian photojournalist Zahra Kazemi.](/news/2003/08/25/two-iranian-intelligence-officers-are-charged-in-connection-with-the-death-of-canadian-photojournalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
6. [ Zahra Kazemi affair: Bill Graham, the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs, announces that Ms. Kazemi's body has been buried in Iran, contrary to her family's wishes. Consequently, Canada has recalled its ambassador to Iran.](/news/2003/07/23/zahra-kazemi-affair-bill-graham-the-canadian-minister-of-foreign-affairs-announces-that-ms-kazemi-s-body-has-been-buried-in-iran-contr.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
7. [ Zahra Kazemi, an Iranian-born Canadian journalist, dies of injuries received from a beating while in Iranian custody. She had been arrested on June 23 while taking photographs outside an Iranian prison. Her death sparks a furor between Canada and Iran over the disposition of her body and the punishment of her killers, and among international free speech groups concerned with freedom of the press in Iran.](/news/2003/07/11/zahra-kazemi-an-iranian-born-canadian-journalist-dies-of-injuries-received-from-a-beating-while-in-iranian-custody-she-had-been-arrested.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
8. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Qatar restores diplomatic ties with Iran. Tehran welcomes the move. ](/news/2017/08/24/qatar-restores-diplomatic-ties-with-iran-tehran-welcomes-the-move.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Iran_
