### [2013-09-2](/news/2013/09/2/index.md)

# Verizon Communications agrees to acquire Vodafone's stake in Verizon Wireless for $130 billion, the third largest M&A deal ever. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/02/us-vodafone-verizon-idUSBRE97S08C20130902)

### Related:

1. [Yahoo! shareholders officially approve its $4.48 billion sale to Verizon Wireless. Yahoo! stock was up 8.5 percent shortly thereafter. ](/news/2017/06/8/yahoo-shareholders-officially-approve-its-4-48-billion-sale-to-verizon-wireless-yahoo-stock-was-up-8-5-percent-shortly-thereafter.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
2. [Verizon Communications agrees to buy the core business at Yahoo Inc. for $4.48 billion. Completion of this July 2016 deal had been delayed because of two data breaches Yahoo disclosed last year. ](/news/2017/02/21/verizon-communications-agrees-to-buy-the-core-business-at-yahoo-inc-for-4-48-billion-completion-of-this-july-2016-deal-had-been-delayed-b.md) _Context: Verizon Communications_
3. [Verizon Communications buys Yahoo! for $4.83 billion in cash, ending the latter's over 20-year run as an independent corporation. ](/news/2016/07/25/verizon-communications-buys-yahoo-for-4-83-billion-in-cash-ending-the-latter-s-over-20-year-run-as-an-independent-corporation.md) _Context: Verizon Communications_
4. [Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez is indicted on fraud charges in relation to alleged irregularities in the sale of United States dollars by the Central Bank during her term in office. ](/news/2016/05/13/former-president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-is-indicted-on-fraud-charges-in-relation-to-alleged-irregularities-in-the-sale-of-united-s.md) _Context: United States dollars_
5. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: pre-merger_
6. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
7. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told "The Wall Street Journal" that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: Verizon Wireless_
8. [Vodafone Group Plc announces criminals accessed customer account details, including phone numbers and some bank details. The British multinational telecommunications company of over 400 million subscribers says it is contacting about 1,800 affected customers. This is the second recent hacking of a U.K. phone carrier. Last week, TalkTalk Telecom Group Plc said its systems had been attacked. ](/news/2015/10/31/vodafone-group-plc-announces-criminals-accessed-customer-account-details-including-phone-numbers-and-some-bank-details-the-british-multina.md) _Context: Vodafone Group Plc_
9. [American pharmaceutical company Pfizer announces plans to acquire Hospira at a cost of $17 billion. ](/news/2015/02/5/american-pharmaceutical-company-pfizer-announces-plans-to-acquire-hospira-at-a-cost-of-17-billion.md) _Context: United States dollars_
10. [A Paul Gauguin painting, "Nafea Faa Ipoipo" ("When Will You Marry?"), sells to a Qatari buyer for close to $300 million. ](/news/2015/02/5/a-paul-gauguin-painting-nafea-faa-ipoipo-when-will-you-marry-sells-to-a-qatari-buyer-for-close-to-300-million.md) _Context: United States dollars_
