### [2009-01-8](/news/2009/01/8/index.md)

#  The United States Congress certifies the results of the 2008 presidential election, confirming Barack Obama as President-elect. 

Congress formally tallies the results of the 2008 presidential election, certifying Barack Obama as the winner. 


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2009/01/08/obama-certified-president-united-states/)

### Related:

1. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:: U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States Congress_
2. [ US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" ](/news/2009/09/9/us-representative-joe-wilson-r-sc-interrupts-president-barack-obama-s-health-care-speech-to-the-congress-with-an-audible-shout-of-you-li.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, United States Congress_
3. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama offers CNN medical correspondent and neurosurgeon Sanjay Gupta the position of Surgeon General. ](/news/2009/01/6/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-offers-cnn-medical-correspondent-and-neurosurgeon-sanjay-gupta-the-position-of-surgeon-general.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, United States_
4. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. ](/news/2009/01/4/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-virginia-governor-tim-kaine-to-be-the-democratic-national-committee-s-next-chairperson.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, United States_
5. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, United States_
6. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates General Eric Shinseki to be the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ](/news/2008/12/6/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-general-eric-shinseki-to-be-the-next-secretary-of-veterans-affairs.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, United States_
7. [ Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich appoints former Democratic Illinois Attorney General Roland Burris to President-elect Barack Obama's vacated United States Senate seat. Democratic Senate leaders and Secretary of State Jesse White say they will not accept the appointment. ](/news/2008/12/30/illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-appoints-former-democratic-illinois-attorney-general-roland-burris-to-president-elect-barack-obama-s-vaca.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, United States_
8. [ Administration of United States President-elect Barack Obama:: Republican Party Representative Ray LaHood of Illinois is nominated as the next Secretary of Transportation. ](/news/2008/12/19/administration-of-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-republican-party-representative-ray-lahood-of-illinois-is-nominated-as-the-n.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President-elect, United States_
9. [ United States general elections:: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, United States_
10. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, United States_
