### [2017-05-26](/news/2017/05/26/index.md)

# Polish-American diplomat Zbigniew Brzezinski, counselor to President Lyndon B. Johnson (1966-1968) and President Jimmy Carter's National Security Advisor (1977-1981), dies at the age of 89. 




### Source:

1. [ (''New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/zbigniew-brzezinski-top-carter-adviser-dead-89-article-1.3199611)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/president-carters-national-security-adviser-zbigniew-brzezinski-has-died/2017/05/26/38ae678c-4286-11e7-b29f-f40ffced2ddb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, Lyndon B. Johnson_
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-adv.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
3. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boe.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
4. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet: President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
5. [Michael T. Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor following controversy over his alleged contacts with Russian officials. Retired United States Army general Keith Kellogg subsequently becomes acting National Security Advisor until a permanent replacement is appointed. ](/news/2017/02/13/michael-t-flynn-resigns-as-national-security-advisor-following-controversy-over-his-alleged-contacts-with-russian-officials-retired-united.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
6. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-leve.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
7. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: United States National Security Advisor Susan Rice and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi agree on a draft resolution that would expand United Nations Security Council sanctions following North Korea's latest nuclear test. U.S. President Barack Obama participated in the meeting. The draft is now headed to the full 15-member council. ](/news/2016/02/24/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-united-states-national-security-advisor-susan-rice-and-chinese-foreign-minister-wang-yi-agree-on-a-draft-res.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
8. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
9. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announceds that his liver cancer (melanoma) has spread to his brain. In addition to radiation, Carter will be treated with a new drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), that boosts the immune system without the debilitating side effects of older treatments. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announceds-that-his-liver-cancer-melanoma-has-spread-to-his-brain-in-addition-to-radiation-carter-wil.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
10. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
