### [2017-05-26](/news/2017/05/26/index.md)

# Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. 

Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with immediate effect, the radio station has confirmed.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/news/kate-hopkins-lbc-radio-sacked-fired-manchester-attack-final-solution-daily-mail-muslims-racism-a7756776.html)

### Related:

1. [Seven people are arrested in the United Kingdom city of Birmingham in relation to alleged involvement in an Islamic terrorist group. ](/news/2011/09/19/seven-people-are-arrested-in-the-united-kingdom-city-of-birmingham-in-relation-to-alleged-involvement-in-an-islamic-terrorist-group.md) _Context: Islamic terrorism, United Kingdom_
2. [Theresa May announces that the British terror threat level has been downgraded from "critical" to "severe" and that Operation Temperer will be phased out shortly, following productive counter-terrorism investigations. ](/news/2017/05/27/theresa-may-announces-that-the-british-terror-threat-level-has-been-downgraded-from-critical-to-severe-and-that-operation-temperer-will.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
3. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
4. [As part of an ongoing investigation, British police arrest six people in connection with Monday's deadly explosion, including a 23-year-old man who was taken into custody Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/as-part-of-an-ongoing-investigation-british-police-arrest-six-people-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-explosion-including-a-23-year-old.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
5. [Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-the-death-toll-is-22-with-59-inju.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
6. [Greater Manchester Police (GMP) report deadly explosions at Manchester Arena in Manchester, England, at the end of Ariana Grande's performance on her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/22/greater-manchester-police-gmp-report-deadly-explosions-at-manchester-arena-in-manchester-england-at-the-end-of-ariana-grandeas-perform.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
7. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
