### [2017-05-26](/news/2017/05/26/index.md)

# Two people are killed and one injured in a stabbing on  a light-rail train in Portland, Oregon, where they had intervened when a man yelled  racial slurs at two young women, one of whom was wearing a hijab.  The main suspect is taken into custody. 

Two people are dead and another was injured after a &quot;disturbance and stabbing&quot; Friday afternoon on a light-rail train in Portland, Oregon, involving a man uttering hate speech, police said. The suspect is in custody and there is no further risk to the public, the Portland Police Department said in...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/stabbed-killed-portland-transit-station/story?id=47672660)

### Related:

1. [The Turkish government lifts the ban prohibiting female army officers from wearing a Hijab. The military is the last Turkish institution to end the ban. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-turkish-government-lifts-the-ban-prohibiting-female-army-officers-from-wearing-a-hijab-the-military-is-the-last-turkish-institution-to.md) _Context: hijab_
2. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
3. [A natural gas explosion damages several buildings and injures eight people in downtown Portland, Oregon. ](/news/2016/10/19/a-natural-gas-explosion-damages-several-buildings-and-injures-eight-people-in-downtown-portland-oregon.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
5. [Local Tajikistan police  have shaved nearly 13,000 men's beards, closed more than 150 shops selling traditional Muslim clothing, and convinced around 1,800 women and girls to stop wearing headscarves in 2015 as part of a campaign to eradicate foreign influences in the former Soviet Republic. ](/news/2016/01/21/local-tajikistan-police-have-shaved-nearly-13-000-men-s-beards-closed-more-than-150-shops-selling-traditional-muslim-clothing-and-convinc.md) _Context: hijab_
6. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
7. [An unknown person shoots four people outside of Rosemary Anderson High School, an alternative high school in Portland, Oregon. Police later question a 22-year-old man. ](/news/2014/12/12/an-unknown-person-shoots-four-people-outside-of-rosemary-anderson-high-school-an-alternative-high-school-in-portland-oregon-police-later.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
8. [A Facebook page called "My Stealthy Freedom", in which women across Iran are posting photos of themselves without the hijab, has garnered more than 130,000 likes, a week after it was created. ](/news/2014/05/12/a-facebook-page-called-my-stealthy-freedom-in-which-women-across-iran-are-posting-photos-of-themselves-without-the-hijab-has-garnered-mo.md) _Context: hijab_
9. [The remains of a missing young Oregon woman, Whitney Heichel, 21, a Starbucks barista from the Portland, Oregon suburb of Gresham, Oregon, are found on Larch Mountain, Multnomah County, Oregon; after DNA testing and fingerprint analysis, Gresham Police arrested a neighbor who lived nearby in her Gresham apartment complex, Jonathan Holt, 24, on suspicion of aggravated first-degree murder. ](/news/2012/10/19/the-remains-of-a-missing-young-oregon-woman-whitney-heichel-21-a-starbucks-barista-from-the-portland-oregon-suburb-of-gresham-oregon-a.md) _Context: Portland, Oregon_
10. [State television in Egypt lifts a decades-long ban on veiled female news presenters. ](/news/2012/09/2/state-television-in-egypt-lifts-a-decades-long-ban-on-veiled-female-news-presenters.md) _Context: hijab_
