### [2008-01-7](/news/2008/01/7/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of the United States hears arguments on whether execution by lethal injection is a violation of the Constitution's ban on "cruel and unusual punishment." 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7174382.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the United States accepts a petition by five people from American Samoa arguing that people born in this U.S. territory are entitled to U.S citizenship under the United States Constitution. The State Department currently opposes this idea. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-accepts-a-petition-by-five-people-from-american-samoa-arguing-that-people-born-in-this-u-s-territory.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Constitution_
2. [The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the use of capital punishment by lethal injection involving midazolam. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-the-use-of-capital-punishment-by-lethal-injection-involving-midazolam.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, lethal injection_
3. [Same-sex marriage in the United States:: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Constitution_
4. [ The United States Supreme Court upholds the constitutionality of lethal injection as a form of capital punishment over Eighth Amendment "cruel and unusual punishment" challenges. ](/news/2008/04/16/the-united-states-supreme-court-upholds-the-constitutionality-of-lethal-injection-as-a-form-of-capital-punishment-over-eighth-amendment-cr.md) _Context: constitutional rights, lethal injection_
5. [ The United States Supreme Court halts an execution in Mississippi pending its decision as to whether lethal injections are a form of cruel and unusual punishment. ](/news/2007/10/30/the-united-states-supreme-court-halts-an-execution-in-mississippi-pending-its-decision-as-to-whether-lethal-injections-are-a-form-of-cruel.md) _Context: cruel and unusual punishment, lethal injection_
6. [ U.S. Supreme Court, in its decision of "Hill v. McDonough", allows challenge of constitutionality of lethal injection. ](/news/2006/06/13/u-s-supreme-court-in-its-decision-of-hill-v-mcdonough-allows-challenge-of-constitutionality-of-lethal-injection.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, lethal injection_
7. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Freedom of speech in the United States: The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/freedom-of-speech-in-the-united-states-the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trade.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
