### [2013-02-21](/news/2013/02/21/index.md)

# Retired police sergeant Drew Peterson, whose fourth wife, Stacy Peterson, disappeared in 2007, is sentenced by the US state of Illinois to 38 years incarceration for the 2004 murder of his third wife, Kathleen Savio. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2013-02-21-Drew%20Peterson/id-0f4c04102f98464fb9408f248d0af718)

### Related:

1. [Restaurant Brands International. The parent company of Burger King announces plans to purchase Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, operator of the Popeyes chicken restaurant chain in a US$1.8 billion deal. ](/news/2017/02/21/restaurant-brands-international-the-parent-company-of-burger-king-announces-plans-to-purchase-popeyes-louisiana-kitchen-operator-of-the-po.md) _Context: US$_
2. [ Alaska Airlines. The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/alaska-airlines-the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion.md) _Context: US$_
3. [Volkswagen emissions scandal. A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-us.md) _Context: Illinois_
4. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Illinois_
5. [Gun politics in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Illinois_
6. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Illinois_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Illinois_
8. [The Maryland Court of Appeals rules the state's Public Information Act does not apply to abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. ](/news/2016/02/22/the-maryland-court-of-appeals-rules-the-state-s-public-information-act-does-not-apply-to-abortion-clinic-license-applicants-names-denying.md) _Context: Illinois_
9. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden. NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: US$_
10. [The United States Department of Justice will investigate the Chicago, Illinois police department. Long concerned with Chicago police department practices, the investigation is precipitated by the recent release of a video of the shooting death of Laquan McDonald. The Chicago police are set to release another video showing the police killing of Ronald Johnson in October of 2014. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-department-of-justice-will-investigate-the-chicago-illinois-police-department-long-concerned-with-chicago-police-departm.md) _Context: Illinois_
