### [2013-02-21](/news/2013/02/21/index.md)

# The remains of a pyramid for an adviser to Pharaoh Ramses II is found in an archaelogical excavation in Luxor, Egypt. 

A pyramid that dates back more than 3000 years and was built for an adviser to King Ramses II has been discovered in Luxor.


### Source:

1. [AAP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/pyramid-of-pharaohs-adviser-discovered-20130222-2ev7e.html)

### Related:

1. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities announces the discovery of   eight mummies, 10 colorful sarcophagi, and numerous figurines in  a 3,500-year-old tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Luxor. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-announces-the-discovery-of-eight-mummies-10-colorful-sarcophagi-and-numerous-figurines-in-a-3-500.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
2. [Close to 300 landmarks in 60 countries, from the Pyramids in Egypt, to the Eiffel Tower in Paris, and the Empire State Building in New York, were lit up in blue -- the official color of the United Nations -- to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the world body. ](/news/2015/10/24/close-to-300-landmarks-in-60-countries-from-the-pyramids-in-egypt-to-the-eiffel-tower-in-paris-and-the-empire-state-building-in-new-york.md) _Context: Egypt, Pyramid_
3. [A suicide bomber targets the Karnak temple site in the ancient Egyptian city of Luxor. Two militants were shot nearby, four Egyptians were wounded with no tourists hurt in the attack. ](/news/2015/06/10/a-suicide-bomber-targets-the-karnak-temple-site-in-the-ancient-egyptian-city-of-luxor-two-militants-were-shot-nearby-four-egyptians-were-w.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
4. [2013 Luxor hot air balloon crash: A hot air balloon crashes near the Egyptian town of Luxor killing 19 Asian and European tourists. ](/news/2013/02/26/2013-luxor-hot-air-balloon-crash-a-hot-air-balloon-crashes-near-the-egyptian-town-of-luxor-killing-19-asian-and-european-tourists.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
5. [Egyptian authorities announce the discovery of a granite head from a statue of Tutankhamun's grandfather Amenhotep III, which was unearthed at a temple in Luxor. ](/news/2010/02/28/egyptian-authorities-announce-the-discovery-of-a-granite-head-from-a-statue-of-tutankhamun-s-grandfather-amenhotep-iii-which-was-unearthed.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
6. [ A tourist coach crash in Egypt on the highway between Hurghada and Luxor kills 14 and injures another 30 people. All casualties are from Hong Kong and were joining Jetour Holidays tours.](/news/2006/01/31/a-tourist-coach-crash-in-egypt-on-the-highway-between-hurghada-and-luxor-kills-14-and-injures-another-30-people-all-casualties-are-from-ho.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
7. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
