### [2009-09-10](/news/2009/09/10/index.md)

#  Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi says he will demand a permanent place in the United Nations Security Council for Africa and compensation worth 777 trillion dollars for years of colonialism in New York later this month. 




### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=85&art_id=nw20090910122616406C949734)

### Related:

1. [ Second South America-Africa Summit (ASA) on Isla Margarita:. The leaders of Libya and Venezuela, Muammar al-Gaddafi and Hugo Chavez, call on the continents of Africa and South America to unite to secure prosperity for future generations. ](/news/2009/09/27/second-south-america-africa-summit-asa-on-isla-margarita-the-leaders-of-libya-and-venezuela-muammar-al-gaddafi-and-hugo-cha-vez-call.md) _Context: Africa, Libya, Muammar al-Gaddafi_
2. [ In his first United Nations appearance, Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi calls for reform of the Security Council and chastises the Council for failing to intervene or prevent some 65 wars since the U.N. was founded in 1945. ](/news/2009/09/23/in-his-first-united-nations-appearance-libyan-leader-muammar-al-gaddafi-calls-for-reform-of-the-security-council-and-chastises-the-council.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar al-Gaddafi, United Nations_
3. [European migration crisis. November 2016 Libya migrant shipwrecks. The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. ](/news/2016/11/3/european-migration-crisis-november-2016-libya-migrant-shipwrecks-the-united-nations-believes-that-at-least-239-migrants-drowned-in-shipwre.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
5. [Libyan Civil War. An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
7. [Libyan Civil War. In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
8. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
9. [Libyan Civil War. Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/libyan-civil-war-delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. ](/news/2015/12/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-martin-kobler-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-announces-the-country-s-two-rival-parliaments-agreement-to.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
