### [2004-01-3](/news/2004/01/3/index.md)

#  A Boeing 737, Flight 604, flown by Egyptian charter company Flash Airlines headed for Cairo crashes into the Red Sea minutes after take-off from the holiday resort of Sharm el-Sheikh in Egypt. All 148 people on board are killed, of whom more than 120 were French tourists. Though both United Kingdom Prime Minister Tony Blair and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak were in the area, neither were involved in the incident, contrary to initial reports.




### Related:

1. [The former President of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, leaves the resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt to return to Cairo for his trial. ](/news/2011/08/3/the-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-leaves-the-resort-town-of-sharm-el-sheikh-egypt-to-return-to-cairo-for-his-trial.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak, Sharm el-Sheikh_
2. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from detention in Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/24/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-released-from-detention-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
3. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Cairo, Red Sea_
4. [Tourism bookings in Egypt's main Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh plunge in the wake of the plane crash with some 80% of reservations cancelled and at least 40% of the tourists leaving the resort since the crash. ](/news/2015/11/11/tourism-bookings-in-egyptas-main-red-sea-resort-of-sharm-el-sheikh-plunge-in-the-wake-of-the-plane-crash-with-some-80-of-reservations-can.md) _Context: Red Sea, Sharm el-Sheikh_
5. [Cairo's criminal court orders the release of the sons of former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak, who are waiting for the Court of Appeal's decision in a financial corruption case. Each was sentenced to three years. The court ruled Gamal and Alaa Mubarak, who were initially detained in April 2011, had already served the requisite time in prison for the sentence. ](/news/2015/10/12/cairo-s-criminal-court-orders-the-release-of-the-sons-of-former-egyptian-leader-hosni-mubarak-who-are-waiting-for-the-court-of-appeal-s-dec.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
6. [A Cairo criminal court releases former President Hosni Mubarak, initiating further investigation of corruption. ](/news/2013/08/21/a-cairo-criminal-court-releases-former-president-hosni-mubarak-initiating-further-investigation-of-corruption.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
7. [A retrial of former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak begins in Cairo for his alleged complicity in the deaths of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2013/05/11/a-retrial-of-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-begins-in-cairo-for-his-alleged-complicity-in-the-deaths-of-protesters-in-the-2011-egyp.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
8. [post-Mubarak Egypt:Tens of thousands of people converge on Cairo's Tahrir Square to demonstrate against Egypt's military rulers, who have seized power following the ousting from power of Hosni Mubarak in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/19/post-mubarak-egypt-tens-of-thousands-of-people-converge-on-cairo-s-tahrir-square-to-demonstrate-against-egypt-s-military-rulers-who-have-se.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
9. [The corruption trial of the former President of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, resumes in Cairo. ](/news/2011/12/28/the-corruption-trial-of-the-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-resumes-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
10. [2011 Egyptian revolution: Activists gather in the Egyptian capital Cairo, calling for the end of the post-Hosni Mubarak military regime. ](/news/2011/12/23/2011-egyptian-revolution-activists-gather-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-calling-for-the-end-of-the-post-hosni-mubarak-military-regime.md) _Context: Cairo, Hosni Mubarak_
