### [2004-01-3](/news/2004/01/3/index.md)

#  Ricardo Palmera, better known as Simon Trinidad, one of top seven Colombian rebel group, FARC (Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia) is arrested in Ecuador.




### Related:

1. [ 2008 Andean diplomatic crisis: Interpol confirms that Colombia did not tamper with computer files in hardware seized from Raul Reyes. This alleged that Venezuela and Ecuador provided funding, assistance and drug routes to the terrorist group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. However, Interpol stated that they had not looked at the content of the files, only their authenticity. ](/news/2008/05/15/2008-andean-diplomatic-crisis-interpol-confirms-that-colombia-did-not-tamper-with-computer-files-in-hardware-seized-from-raul-reyes-this.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
2. [ South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. ](/news/2008/03/2/south-american-diplomatic-crisis-president-hugo-chavez-orders-the-closure-of-the-venezuelan-embassy-in-colombia-and-moves-ten-battalions-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
3. [ Ral Reyes, the second in command of the FARC guerilla organization, is killed in a Colombian military operation in northern Ecuador. ](/news/2008/03/1/raul-reyes-the-second-in-command-of-the-farc-guerilla-organization-is-killed-in-a-colombian-military-operation-in-northern-ecuador.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
4. [A magnitude 7.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Ecuador, near the town of Muisne. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issues a tsunami alert for coastal areas of Ecuador and Colombia. At least 42 people are reported dead with deaths reported in the cities of Manta, Guayaquil and Portoviejo. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-magnitude-7-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-issues-a-tsunami-al.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador_
5. [Romeo Langlois, a freelance journalist from France 24 who was abducted by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) on April 28, is released by FARC in southern Colombia. ](/news/2012/05/30/romeo-langlois-a-freelance-journalist-from-france-24-who-was-abducted-by-the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-on-april-28-is.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
6. [Colombia's Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC announces that it has abandoned kidnapping and will soon release its last remaining captives. ](/news/2012/02/26/colombia-s-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-or-farc-announces-that-it-has-abandoned-kidnapping-and-will-soon-release-its-last-remainin.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
7. [Alfonso Cano, the head of the Colombian militant organisation FARC, is reportedly killed in a raid by the Colombian Army. ](/news/2011/11/4/alfonso-cano-the-head-of-the-colombian-militant-organisation-farc-is-reportedly-killed-in-a-raid-by-the-colombian-army.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
8. [Army forces in Colombia kill 10 FARC rebels in western Choco department. ](/news/2011/03/24/army-forces-in-colombia-kill-10-farc-rebels-in-western-choca3-department.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
9. [The FARC organisation in Colombia releases a fourth hostage in the past week. ](/news/2011/02/14/the-farc-organisation-in-colombia-releases-a-fourth-hostage-in-the-past-week.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
10. [The FARC organisation releases the first of five hostages promised this week as a gesture of peace to the government in Colombia. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-farc-organisation-releases-the-first-of-five-hostages-promised-this-week-as-a-gesture-of-peace-to-the-government-in-colombia.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
