### [2011-09-26](/news/2011/09/26/index.md)

# The President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, orders the National Police's Detachment 88 counter-terrorism squad to investigate a recent suicide bombing in Solo, Java. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/sby-acts-on-church-bombing/story-e6frg6so-1226145926663)

### Related:

1. [Australia and Indonesia sign a code of conduct to govern diplomatic ties following revelations in late 2013 that Australia's Defence Signals Directorate had tapped the phones of the President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. ](/news/2014/08/28/australia-and-indonesia-sign-a-code-of-conduct-to-govern-diplomatic-ties-following-revelations-in-late-2013-that-australia-s-defence-signals.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
2. [2013 global surveillance disclosures:. Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/2013-global-surveillance-disclosures-indonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
3. [Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia and will "review" Australian diplomatic positions in Jakarta following revelations that Australia had tapped the phone of the President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife. ](/news/2013/11/18/indonesia-recalls-its-ambassador-to-australia-and-will-review-australian-diplomatic-positions-in-jakarta-following-revelations-that-austra.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
4. [President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono receives a medal of Knighthood of the Order of the Bath from Queen Elizabeth II. ](/news/2012/11/1/president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-receives-a-medal-of-knighthood-of-the-order-of-the-bath-from-queen-elizabeth-ii.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
5. [Detachment 88 of the Indonesian National Police kills five people suspected of planning terrorist operations on the island of Bali. ](/news/2012/03/18/detachment-88-of-the-indonesian-national-police-kills-five-people-suspected-of-planning-terrorist-operations-on-the-island-of-bali.md) _Context: Detachment 88, Indonesian police_
6. [The President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono condemns the beheading of an Indonesian maid in Saudi Arabia and condemns the Saudi Government of breaking the "norms and manners" of international relations. ](/news/2011/06/23/the-president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-condemns-the-beheading-of-an-indonesian-maid-in-saudi-arabia-and-condemns-the-saudi-gove.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
7. [Indonesia's National Human Rights Commission submits a report to President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on its investigations into reports of torture of Papuans by soldiers, and urges him to take action against human rights violations by security forces in the eastern Papua region. ](/news/2011/01/6/indonesia-s-national-human-rights-commission-submits-a-report-to-president-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-on-its-investigations-into-reports-of-to.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
8. [President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono cancels a state visit to the Netherlands in protest of a possible court arrest. ](/news/2010/10/5/president-of-indonesia-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-cancels-a-state-visit-to-the-netherlands-in-protest-of-a-possible-court-arrest.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
9. ["Ground zero" mosque and cultural centre controversy. Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the President of Indonesia, and Asif Ali Zardari, the President of Pakistan, call on President of the United States, Barack Obama, to stop International Burn a Koran Day being organised by the Dove World Outreach Center. ](/news/2010/09/9/ground-zero-mosque-and-cultural-centre-controversy-susilo-bambang-yudhoyono-the-president-of-indonesia-and-asif-ali-zardari-the-presid.md) _Context: President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono_
10. [Australia sends an official to the Indonesian province of Maluku to investigate claims that Detachment 88, part of the Indonesian National Police, tortured a group of separatists. ](/news/2010/09/12/australia-sends-an-official-to-the-indonesian-province-of-maluku-to-investigate-claims-that-detachment-88-part-of-the-indonesian-national-p.md) _Context: Detachment 88, Indonesian police_
