### [2011-09-26](/news/2011/09/26/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Spain Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero dissolves the Cortes Generales and calls a general election for November 20. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News Latino](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2011/09/26/spains-parliament-dissolves-presidential-campaigning-begins-in-earnest/)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 Spanish government formation: The Spanish Parliament votes to allow Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to lead a People's Party minority government after a ten month interregnum. ](/news/2016/10/29/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-spanish-parliament-votes-to-allow-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-to-lead-a-people-s-party-minority.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spanish Parliament_
2. [Spain's Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces wage cuts for state employees and a reduction in investment in response to his country's budget deficit. ](/news/2010/05/12/spain-s-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-announces-wage-cuts-for-state-employees-and-a-reduction-in-investment-in-response-to-his.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
3. [ Photographs of Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero and his family are published in the United States and subsequently published on the front pages of newspapers in his home country. A controversy occurs as many Spaniards have never before seen the children of the intensely private Prime Minister. ](/news/2009/09/25/photographs-of-spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-and-his-family-are-published-in-the-united-states-and-subsequently-publi.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
4. [2015-16 Spanish government formation: The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139-96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-wi.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Spanish general election, 2015: Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Spanish general election, 2015: Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-general-election-2015-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-e.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015: Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/catalonian-parliamentary-election-2015-separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Santiago de Compostela derailment:: Mariano Rajoy, the Prime Minister of Spain, declares three days of national mourning for the 78 people killed in the derailment, Spain's worst train accident since 1944. ](/news/2013/07/25/santiago-de-compostela-derailment-mariano-rajoy-the-prime-minister-of-spain-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning-for-the-78-people-k.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [Prime Minister of Spain Mariano Rajoy criticises Catalonia's drive for independence on radio, claiming its such an attempt "goes against history, goes against the sign of the times, and goes against simple common sense". ](/news/2012/11/6/prime-minister-of-spain-mariano-rajoy-criticises-catalonia-s-drive-for-independence-on-radio-claiming-its-such-an-attempt-goes-against-his.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
