### [2014-08-26](/news/2014/08/26/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/russia-ukraine-leaders-to-meet-in-new-peace-push/2428147.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [The local KGB in Minsk arrests about 100 Ukrainian and 30 Belarusian soccer fans at a qualifying match between Ukraine and Belarus for the 2016 European Championship after they a sang the song, Putin-Huilo! (which roughly translates as "Putin is a dickhead!"). ](/news/2014/10/10/the-local-kgb-in-minsk-arrests-about-100-ukrainian-and-30-belarusian-soccer-fans-at-a-qualifying-match-between-ukraine-and-belarus-for-the-2.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
3. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin warns in a letter to his Ukrainian counterpart Petro Poroshenko that Moscow will restrict Ukraine's access to Russian markets if Kiev implements any part of a trade agreement with the European Union. ](/news/2014/09/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-in-a-letter-to-his-ukrainian-counterpart-petro-poroshenko-that-moscow-will-restrict-ukraine-s-acces.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukrainian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process: War in Donbass: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Finland-Russia relations: Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-russia-relations-finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnish.md) _Context: Belarus, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [War in Donbass: The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/war-in-donbass-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladi.md) _Context: Minsk, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [War in Donbass: Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/war-in-donbass-leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk, Ukraine_
8. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:: The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-h.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine, Ukrainian President_
9. [Ukrainian parliamentary election, 2014: Voters in Ukraine go to the polls with supporters of President Petro Poroshenko expected to do well. ](/news/2014/10/26/ukrainian-parliamentary-election-2014-voters-in-ukraine-go-to-the-polls-with-supporters-of-president-petro-poroshenko-expected-to-do-well.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine, Ukrainian President_
10. [Japan imposes additional sanctions on Russia due to the Ukraine conflict and a visit by an aide of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to a contested island off the coast off northern Japan. ](/news/2014/09/24/japan-imposes-additional-sanctions-on-russia-due-to-the-ukraine-conflict-and-a-visit-by-an-aide-of-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
