### [2013-06-11](/news/2013/06/11/index.md)

# 2013 Iranian presidential election: Mohammad Reza Aref announces he will drop out of the race endorsing another reformist candidate Hassan Rouhani, to give the reform movement a better chance to win the election. 

Mohammad Reza Aref throws supports behind the only centrist candidate in presidential race, who will face-off against 5 conservatives


### Source:

1. [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57588663/iran-pro-reform-candidate-mohammad-reza-aref-withdraws-from-election-to-boost-centrists-campaign/)
2. [PressTV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/06/11/308317/aref-drops-out-of-presidential-race/)

### Related:

1. [Iranian presidential election, 2013:Final list of candidates are announced by Guardian Council. This included Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf, Hassan Rouhani, Saeed Jalili, Mohsen Rezaei and four others. ](/news/2013/05/21/iranian-presidential-election-2013-pfinal-list-of-candidates-are-announced-by-guardian-council-this-included-mohammad-bagher-ghalibaf-has.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, presidential_
2. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, presidential_
3. [The six approved candidates, including the incumbent Hassan Rouhani, begin campaigning. ](/news/2017/04/21/the-six-approved-candidates-including-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-begin-campaigning.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
4. [Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman-of-astan-quds-razavi-ebrahim-raisi-an.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
5. [President Hassan Rouhani seeks for a second term while one of his main rivals Ebrahim Raisi also registers with just one day remaining for the submission. ](/news/2017/04/14/president-hassan-rouhani-seeks-for-a-second-term-while-one-of-his-main-rivals-ebrahim-raisi-also-registers-with-just-one-day-remaining-for-t.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
6. [Iranian parliament approves three President Hassan Rouhani's new designated ministers, including Reza Salehi Amiri, Fakhruddin Danesh-Ashtiani and Masoud Soltanifar as culture, education and sports ministers respectively. ](/news/2016/11/1/iranian-parliament-approves-three-president-hassan-rouhani-s-new-designated-ministers-including-reza-salehi-amiri-fakhruddin-danesh-ashtia.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
7. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
8. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
9. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that   President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
10. [Iranian legislative election, 2016 Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be  a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14  landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/iranian-legislative-election-2016-piran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled-for-26-february-20.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani_
