### [2014-06-11](/news/2014/06/11/index.md)

# Following an unexpected primary loss to Dave Brat, United States House Representative Eric Cantor announces his intent to step down from his office as House Majority Leader. 

Eric Cantor is relinquishing his leadership post, sources tell ABC News.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/eric-cantor-step-house-majority-leader/story?id=24092285)
1. [Cover Image](http://a.abcnews.com/images/Politics/AP_Eric_Cantor_ml_140610_16x9_992.jpg)

### Related:

1. [United States House Majority Leader Eric Cantor is defeated by newcomer Tea Party-backed candidate David Brat in a Virginia congressional primary election. ](/news/2014/06/10/united-states-house-majority-leader-eric-cantor-is-defeated-by-newcomer-tea-party-backed-candidate-david-brat-in-a-virginia-congressional-pr.md) _Context: Eric Cantor, Majority Leader, United States_
2. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: Majority Leader, United States House of Representatives_
4. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
5. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
6. [A United States Federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner for attempted murder of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and two of her aides with further charges pending. ](/news/2011/01/19/a-united-states-federal-grand-jury-indicts-jared-lee-loughner-for-attempted-murder-of-arizona-congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-and-two-of-he.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
7. [Former Republican United States House of Representatives Majority Leader Tom DeLay is sentenced to three years in prison for money laundering. ](/news/2011/01/10/former-republican-united-states-house-of-representatives-majority-leader-tom-delay-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-money-launderin.md) _Context: Majority Leader, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Former United States House of Representatives Majority Leader and former "Dancing with the Stars" contestant Tom DeLay is convicted of money laundering and conspiracy in relation to Republican fundraising for the 2002 Texas state elections. ](/news/2010/11/24/former-united-states-house-of-representatives-majority-leader-and-former-dancing-with-the-stars-contestant-tom-delay-is-convicted-of-money.md) _Context: Majority Leader, United States House of Representatives_
9. [In the United States House of Representatives, Republicans introduce Resolution 1553, which expresses United States support for Israeli use of any necessary military force to eliminate any threat it believes Iran poses. ](/news/2010/07/24/in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-republicans-introduce-resolution-1553-which-expresses-united-states-support-for-israeli-use.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
10. [The Secretary of the Treasury of the U.S., Timothy Geithner, appears before a committee of the United States House of Representatives to discuss his actions in 2008, when he was the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in the rescue of troubled insurance industry giant AIG. ](/news/2010/01/27/the-secretary-of-the-treasury-of-the-u-s-timothy-geithner-appears-before-a-committee-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-to-dis.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
