### [2014-06-11](/news/2014/06/11/index.md)

# The European Commission announces that they will begin a formal investigation into Apple, Starbucks and Fiat in relation to tax arrangements with Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. 

The European Commission opens investigations into whether three European countries are giving Apple, Starbucks and Fiat unfair tax advantages.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-27788238)

### Related:

1. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Ireland, Netherlands_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Luxembourg, Netherlands_
3. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Ireland, Netherlands_
4. [Hundreds of flights over Belgium, Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands are delayed by an air traffic control problem. ](/news/2010/08/20/hundreds-of-flights-over-belgium-germany-luxembourg-and-the-netherlands-are-delayed-by-an-air-traffic-control-problem.md) _Context: Luxembourg, Netherlands_
5. [ The European Commission starts a legal action against the Bank of Italy and its President, Antonio Fazio, who allegedly favoured the Italian bank Banca Popolare Italiana in the race to acquire Banca Antonveneta, thus penalising Dutch group ABN AMRO. ](/news/2005/11/25/the-european-commission-starts-a-legal-action-against-the-bank-of-italy-and-its-president-antonio-fazio-who-allegedly-favoured-the-italia.md) _Context: European Commission, Netherlands_
6. [Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [Aftermath of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [European Union competition law: The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide: An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Killing of Patricia O'Connor: The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/killing-of-patricia-o-connor-the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-tod.md) _Context: Ireland_
