### [2011-02-16](/news/2011/02/16/index.md)

# The Hawaii Senate approves Hawaii Senate Bill 232 legalising civil unions for gay and lesbian couples and will be sent to the Governor Neil Abercrombie for approval. 




### Source:

1. [Honolulu Star-Advertiser](http://www.staradvertiser.com/news/breaking/116352634.html#)

### Related:

1. [Primary elections in Hawaii:: Incumbent Governor Neil Abercrombie loses to challenger David Ige, becoming the first sitting Governor to be defeated in a primary election. Ige, a Democrat, will face Republican Duke Aiona and independent Mufi Hannemann in the gubernatorial general election. ](/news/2014/08/9/primary-elections-in-hawaii-incumbent-governor-neil-abercrombie-loses-to-challenger-david-ige-becoming-the-first-sitting-governor-to-be-d.md) _Context: Governor, Neil Abercrombie_
2. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Governor, Neil Abercrombie_
3. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-an.md) _Context: Governor_
4. [2016 Pacific hurricane season: Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Darby is on track to reach the U.S. state's Big Island today with maximum sustained winds approaching 50 mph (80 kph). The storm, which previously was a Category 3 hurricane, could produce up to 15 inches (40 cm) of rain. ](/news/2016/07/23/2016-pacific-hurricane-season-hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-darby-is-on-track-to-reach-the-u-s.md) _Context: Governor_
5. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Italy: The Italian Parliament gives final approval to legislation recognizing civil unions of same-sex couples. ](/news/2016/05/11/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-italy-the-italian-parliament-gives-final-approval-to-legislation-recognizing-civil-unions-of-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: civil union_
6. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: civil union_
7. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency to address homelessness as the state has seen an alarming increase in unsheltered individuals and families over the past two years, particularly on O'ahu. Hawaii has the highest per capita rate of homelessness among the 50 states at about 465 people per 100,000 citizens. This act "frees up" money for this problem. ](/news/2015/10/16/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-address-homelessness-as-the-state-has-seen-an-alarming-increase-in-unsheltered-in.md) _Context: Governor_
8. [2015 Pacific hurricane season: Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-pacific-hurricane-season-hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio.md) _Context: Governor_
9. [The Croatian parliament passes a law that recognizes life partnerships for same-sex couples, making them equal married couples in everything except adoption. ](/news/2014/07/15/the-croatian-parliament-passes-a-law-that-recognizes-life-partnerships-for-same-sex-couples-making-them-equal-married-couples-in-everything.md) _Context: civil union_
10. [Pope Francis acknowledges that civil unions for LGBT people is a governmental move for economic and health management. ](/news/2014/03/6/pope-francis-acknowledges-that-civil-unions-for-lgbt-people-is-a-governmental-move-for-economic-and-health-management.md) _Context: civil union_
