### [2011-02-16](/news/2011/02/16/index.md)

# Three U.S. marshals are shot in Elkins, West Virginia, while trying to serve a warrant, resulting in the death of one marshal and the shooter. 




### Source:

1. [West Virginia Gazette](http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201102160569)

### Related:

1. [2016 West Virginia flood: The Kanawha County sheriff's office reports the death toll is now 26-three more victims were found overnight. It is the third-deadliest flood in West Virginia history. ](/news/2016/06/25/2016-west-virginia-flood-the-kanawha-county-sheriff-s-office-reports-the-death-toll-is-now-26-three-more-victims-were-found-overnight-it.md) _Context: West Virginia_
2. [2016 West Virginia flood: West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/24/2016-west-virginia-flood-west-virginia-police-report-powerful-flash-floods-last-night-killed-at-least-26-people-and-swept-away-a-toddler-fr.md) _Context: West Virginia_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016: United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016: Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: West Virginia_
4. [Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy delays his return home from South Korea as tension comes to a head between his supporters and those of Prime Minister Hun Sen. Friday, a Cambodian court issued an arrest warrant related to an old defamation case for which Sam had already received a royal pardon. Today, Parliament stripped him of immunity protection. ](/news/2015/11/16/cambodian-opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-delays-his-return-home-from-south-korea-as-tension-comes-to-a-head-between-his-supporters-and-those-o.md) _Context: arrest warrant_
5. [The United States Federal Government recognizes same-sex marriage in Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia and Wyoming, bringing the total number of states with recognition of gay marriage to 32. ](/news/2014/10/25/the-united-states-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-alaska-arizona-idaho-north-carolina-west-virginia-and-wyoming-brin.md) _Context: West Virginia_
6. [A warrant is issued for the arrest of Peter O'Neill, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, in relation to a fraud case related to alleged payment of millions of dollars in illegal payments to a law firm. The Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea later stays the warrant. ](/news/2014/06/16/a-warrant-is-issued-for-the-arrest-of-peter-o-neill-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-in-relation-to-a-fraud-case-related-to-alleged-paym.md) _Context: arrest warrant_
7. [West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin declares a state of emergency for 100,000 West Virginia American Water customers in five counties (Boone, Lincoln, Kanawha, Jackson, and Putnam) because of a spill of 4-methylcyclohexanemethanol into the Elk River. ](/news/2014/01/9/west-virginia-governor-earl-ray-tomblin-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-100-000-west-virginia-american-water-customers-in-five-counties-b.md) _Context: West Virginia_
8. [A chemical leak in West Virginia morphs into a crisis after the contamination of a portion of the state's water supply. ](/news/2014/01/11/a-chemical-leak-in-west-virginia-morphs-into-a-crisis-after-the-contamination-of-a-portion-of-the-state-s-water-supply.md) _Context: West Virginia_
9. [In the U.S. state of West Virginia, a sheriff is shot and killed in Mingo County. [http://www.wvgazette.com/News/201304030091 "(The Charleston Gazette)"]](/news/2013/04/3/in-the-u-s-state-of-west-virginia-a-sheriff-is-shot-and-killed-in-mingo-county-http-www-wvgazette-com-news-201304030091-the-charlest.md) _Context: West Virginia_
10. [A Pakistani court issues an arrest warrant for former President Pervez Musharraf in connection with the house arrest of judges in 2007. ](/news/2013/04/18/a-pakistani-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-pervez-musharraf-in-connection-with-the-house-arrest-of-judges-in-2007.md) _Context: arrest warrant_
