### [2003-03-8](/news/2003/03/8/index.md)

#  In a referendum, Malta votes in favor of joining the European Union in 2004.




### Related:

1. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
2. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: EU, Malta_
3. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
4. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
5. [Malta legalises divorce, becoming the last European Union country to do so. ](/news/2011/05/29/malta-legalises-divorce-becoming-the-last-european-union-country-to-do-so.md) _Context: EU, Malta_
6. [Former President of the United Nations General Assembly and President of Malta Guido de Marco, who led his country into the European Union, dies suddenly after having apparently recovered from surgery, shocking the nation of Malta. ](/news/2010/08/12/former-president-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-and-president-of-malta-guido-de-marco-who-led-his-country-into-the-european-union.md) _Context: EU, Malta_
7. [The Constitutional Court of Turkey annuls key parts of government-backed constitutional reforms designed for possible European Union membership, rejecting opposition calls for the rest to be rejected as well and permitting the rest to be put to a national referendum in September. ](/news/2010/07/7/the-constitutional-court-of-turkey-annuls-key-parts-of-government-backed-constitutional-reforms-designed-for-possible-european-union-members.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
8. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: EU, Malta_
9. [ The enlargement of the EU's borderless zone to eight Eastern European countries and Malta is completed through the lifting of air border controls between them and the 15 countries already part of the area. ](/news/2008/03/30/the-enlargement-of-the-eu-s-borderless-zone-to-eight-eastern-european-countries-and-malta-is-completed-through-the-lifting-of-air-border-co.md) _Context: EU, Malta_
10. [ The Dutch Cabinet meets to decide whether to hold a referendum on the European Union's Reform Treaty. ](/news/2007/09/21/the-dutch-cabinet-meets-to-decide-whether-to-hold-a-referendum-on-the-european-union-s-reform-treaty.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
