### [2003-03-8](/news/2003/03/8/index.md)

#  The Japanese government expressed support for a revised draft resolution submitted jointly by the United States, United Kingdom and Spain to the United Nations Security Council that sets March 17 as the deadline for Iraq. Japanese media opinion polls taken last week indicate that 84% of Japanese people oppose an Iraq war.




### Related:

1. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ Foreign Minister of Iran Manouchehr Mottaki confirms that Iran will attend a conference on Iraq featuring Iraq's neighbours and the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2007/03/7/foreign-minister-of-iran-manouchehr-mottaki-confirms-that-iran-will-attend-a-conference-on-iraq-featuring-iraq-s-neighbours-and-the-permane.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ The United Nations Security Council unanimously passes a resolution that extends the mandate of the United States-led multinational force in Iraq until December 31, 2007. The new resolution requires a review of the mandate to begin by June 15, 2007, or sooner if the government of Iraq requests it. The government of Iraq can also revoke the mandate before its end if it chooses to do so. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-passes-a-resolution-that-extends-the-mandate-of-the-united-states-led-multinational-force-i.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix and International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohammed El Baradei give a report to the United Nations Security Council. They say that progress on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is "inching forward" but that a more "pro-active" stance is required from the Iraqi government.](/news/2003/01/9/un-chief-weapons-inspector-hans-blix-and-international-atomic-energy-agency-head-mohammed-el-baradei-give-a-report-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
5. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: Colin Powell meets with the United Nations Security Council to push for stronger resolutions against Iraq. In a surprise reversal, Iraq tells the United Nations it will allow weapons inspectors "immediately and without condition."](/news/2002/09/16/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-colin-powell-meets-with-the-united-nations-security-council-to-push-for-stronger-resolutions-against-iraq-in-a-s.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
6. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Politics of Japan_
