### [2005-08-8](/news/2005/08/8/index.md)

#  Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has dissolved the Japanese House of Representatives and will call a snap election for September 11.  The move came after rebel lawmakers from his own Liberal Democratic Party voted down postal reform legislation on which he had staked the party's mandate. The postal reform would have led to privatization of the country's postal service. It is thought that the move will plunge normally staid Japanese politics into great uncertainty.




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000101&sid=alb50jep82uw&refer=japan)
2. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/162104/1/.html)
3. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/e/?content=news&cat=&id=345683)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4130456.stm)

### Related:

1. [ According to exit polls, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's long-ruling Liberal Democratic Party has won a landslide victory in the Japan general election, 2005. Democratic Party leader Katsuya Okada concedes defeat and announces his resignation as party leader. ](/news/2005/09/11/according-to-exit-polls-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-s-long-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-has-won-a-landslide-victory-in-the-japan-g.md) _Context: Japan general election, 2005, Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House.  A general election is scheduled for December 16. ](/news/2012/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-he-will-dissolve-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-diet-on-friday-after-the-ruling-dpj-go.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, the Lower House of the Diet_
3. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party_
4. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. ](/news/2005/10/31/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-his-fifth-cabinet-shinzo-abe-former-secretary-general-of-the-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party_
5. [Kuwait, where citizens make up around 30 percent of the emirate's 4.4 million population, votes  in a snap election following parliament's dissolution on 16 October amid the impact of falling oil prices. This is the first election the opposition has not boycotted in nearly four years. ](/news/2016/11/26/kuwait-where-citizens-make-up-around-30-percent-of-the-emirate-s-4-4-million-population-votes-in-a-snap-election-following-parliament-s-d.md) _Context: parliament's dissolution_
6. [Yuriko Koike, of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) but not their preferred candidate, is  elected the Tokyo prefecture's first female governor, replacing Yoichi Masuzoe who resigned last month. The former  Minister of Defense defeated the LDP-Komeito ruling coalition's  Hiroya Masuda and the opposition bloc's Shuntaro Torigoe. Turnout is over 40 percent. ](/news/2016/07/31/yuriko-koike-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-ldp-but-not-their-preferred-candidate-is-elected-the-tokyo-prefecture-s-first-female-gover.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
7. [Voters in Japan go to the polls with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and its Komeito partners looking for a two-thirds majority that will allow them to put forward a referendum to change the constitution. The governing parties won 70 of the 121 seats. ](/news/2016/07/10/voters-in-japan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-komeito-partners-looking-for-a-two-thirds-majority-that-wil.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
8. [Japanese House of Representatives by-elections, 2016: By-elections were held for two seats controlled by the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. [http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2016/04/24/national/politics-diplomacy/voting-under-way-for-lower-house-seats-in-hokkaido-kyoto/ (''Japan Times'')]Hokkaido 5th district by-election, 2016: LDP candidate Yoshiaki Wada staved off the competition from independent candidate Maki Ikeda. Despite the LDP's winning margin decreasing from 14% (in 2014) to 2%, this win is seen as a boost for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the upcoming upper house election.Kyoto 3rd district by-election, 2016: The newly formed Democratic Party wrested back the seat from the LDP after their candidate and former MP for the district Kenta Izumi won by a landslide.](/news/2016/04/24/japanese-house-of-representatives-by-elections-2016-by-elections-were-held-for-two-seats-controlled-by-the-ruling-liberal-democratic-party.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
9. [The Liberal Democratic Party wins most of the major local and prefectural contests, including all ten governorships at stake. ](/news/2015/04/12/the-liberal-democratic-party-wins-most-of-the-major-local-and-prefectural-contests-including-all-ten-governorships-at-stake.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
10. [Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-junior-coalition-partner-win-325.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party_
