### [2016-08-4](/news/2016/08/4/index.md)

# 2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Earl makes landfall in Belize near Belize City early today. 




### Source:

1. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT5+shtml/040556.shtml)

### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Earl, now about 265 miles (425 km) east-southeast of Belize City with top sustained winds of 70 mph (110 KM/H), becomes Hurricane Earl that could produce up to 16 inches of rain by the time it hits Belize. On Sunday, then a tropical wave, Earl was responsible for nine deaths, with four people still missing, in the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2016/08/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-earl-now-about-265-miles-425-km-east-southeast-of-belize-city-with-top-sustained-winds-of.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Belize, Belize City, Earl's_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. At least 40 people are killed by landslides from floods created from Earl's heavy rainfall in the eastern Mexican states of Puebla and Veracruz. The tropical depression dissipated early today. ](/news/2016/08/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-at-least-40-people-are-killed-by-landslides-from-floods-created-from-earl-s-heavy-rainfall-in-the-eastern-me.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Earl's_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. The death toll from mudslides in Eastern Mexico triggered by Hurricane Earl rises to 38, with 28 people killed in Puebla, and 10 others in Veracruz. ](/news/2016/08/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-death-toll-from-mudslides-in-eastern-mexico-triggered-by-hurricane-earl-rises-to-38-with-28-people-kill.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Earl's_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Earl makes its final landfall near Veracruz in eastern Mexico, producing flooding rains that kill at least six. ](/news/2016/08/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-earl-makes-its-final-landfall-near-veracruz-in-eastern-mexico-producing-flooding-rains-that.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Earl's_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-ame.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto impacts Panama. A tropical storm watch is issued for Nicaragua from Bluefields to Sandy Bay Sirpi. ](/news/2016/11/22/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-impacts-panama-a-tropical-storm-watch-is-issued-for-nicaragua-from-bluefields-to-sandy-bay-s.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
