### [2016-08-4](/news/2016/08/4/index.md)

# China bans K-pop stars and South Korean actors from attending promotional events in retaliation for Seoul's deployment of the U.S. THAAD anti-ballistic missile system. 

Share prices of South Korea’s talent agencies have plummeted, and tears have been shed by forlorn fans as Beijing has quietly blocked some of South Korea’s K-pop stars and actors from attending promotional events.


### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/china-makes-song-and-dance-over-missile-defense-in-south-korea-1470307432)

### Related:

1. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
2. [2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: South Korea, THAAD_
3. [A bus crashes and catches fire carrying tourists returning from a China tour on the Gyeongbu Expressway near Ulsan, South Korea, leaving ten people killed and nine injured. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-bus-crashes-and-catches-fire-carrying-tourists-returning-from-a-china-tour-on-the-gyeongbu-expressway-near-ulsan-south-korea-leaving-ten.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
4. [ North Korea - South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
5. [January 2016 East Asia cold wave: At least eighty-five people are killed in Taiwan and tens of thousands stranded in airports as an unprecedented cold snap hits several Asian countries including China and South Korea. ](/news/2016/01/25/january-2016-east-asia-cold-wave-at-least-eighty-five-people-are-killed-in-taiwan-and-tens-of-thousands-stranded-in-airports-as-an-unpreced.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
6. [South Korea and China agree to establish an emergency navy and military hotline. ](/news/2015/11/4/south-korea-and-china-agree-to-establish-an-emergency-navy-and-military-hotline.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
7. [South Korea's parliament approves a free trade pact with China after opposition lawmakers, concerned that deal that would hurt agriculture and fisheries, secured a $1.4 billion relief package for farmers. ](/news/2015/11/30/south-korea-s-parliament-approves-a-free-trade-pact-with-china-after-opposition-lawmakers-concerned-that-deal-that-would-hurt-agriculture-a.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
8. [South Korean news agency Yonhap reports China's mobile phone users are discarding 80 million devices annually, but almost none are being recycled. China's recycling rate stands at 9-10 percent of the global recycling average. ](/news/2015/11/13/south-korean-news-agency-yonhap-reports-china-s-mobile-phone-users-are-discarding-80-million-devices-annually-but-almost-none-are-being-rec.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
9. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
10. [South Korea sends the remains of 437 Chinese soldiers that fought during the Korean War back to be buried in China as a gesture of friendship and healing between the two countries. ](/news/2014/03/28/south-korea-sends-the-remains-of-437-chinese-soldiers-that-fought-during-the-korean-war-back-to-be-buried-in-china-as-a-gesture-of-friendshi.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
