### [2016-08-4](/news/2016/08/4/index.md)

# Cross-Strait relations: China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. 

The Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) yesterday urged the Chinese government to demonstrate goodwill toward Taiwan’s application to attend this year’s International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Assembly, which it said would be filed under an “appropriate name.”


### Source:

1. [Focus Taiwan](http://focustaiwan.tw/news/acs/201608040030.aspx)
2. [Taipei Times](http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/taiwan/archives/2016/08/05/2003652491)

### Related:

1. [Cross-Strait relations: A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, One-China policy, Taiwan_
2. [Foreign relations of Taiwan: Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/foreign-relations-of-taiwan-burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-bei.md) _Context: China, One-China policy, Taiwan_
3. [ China-Taiwan Relations: China threatens to cut off regular communication with Taiwan unless it acknowledges the "One China principle". ](/news/2016/05/22/china-taiwan-relations-china-threatens-to-cut-off-regular-communication-with-taiwan-unless-it-acknowledges-the-one-china-principle.md) _Context: China, One-China policy, Taiwan_
4. [Cross-Strait relations: China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/cross-strait-relations-china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
5. [ Cross-Strait relations: Taiwan accuses China of "extrajudicial abduction" after 45 Taiwanese acquitted of fraud in Kenya were forcibly deported to China. ](/news/2016/04/12/cross-strait-relations-taiwan-accuses-china-of-extrajudicial-abduction-after-45-taiwanese-acquitted-of-fraud-in-kenya-were-forcibly-depo.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
6. [Cross-Strait relations: 2015 Ma-Xi Meeting: The presidents of China and Taiwan are scheduled to meet in Singapore on November 7th, the first such meeting since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/4/cross-strait-relations-2015-ma-xi-meeting-the-presidents-of-china-and-taiwan-are-scheduled-to-meet-in-singapore-on-november-7th-the-fir.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
7. [Cross-Strait relations: The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/cross-strait-relations-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
8. [2014 Wang-Zhang Meeting:: China's top cross-strait negotiator for Taiwan, on a landmark visit, cancels three public appearances at the last minute after protests against his bridge-building trip turned violent; protesters earlier splashed white paint and threw ghost money at the negotiator's motorcade while shouting slogans such as "Taiwan, China, one country on each side". ](/news/2014/06/28/2014-wang-zhang-meeting-china-s-top-cross-strait-negotiator-for-taiwan-on-a-landmark-visit-cancels-three-public-appearances-at-the-last.md) _Context: China, Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
9. [Foreign relations of Panama: Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
10. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier "Liaoning", sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following-e.md) _Context: China, Taiwan_
