### [2016-08-4](/news/2016/08/4/index.md)

# South African municipal elections, 2016. With more than half the vote counted, the ruling African National Congress (ANC) is ahead on 53.2 percent of the vote which, if this trend continues, will be the first election since the end of apartheid in 1994 that the ANC receives less than 60 percent. The opposition Democratic Alliance, with about 28 percent of the vote nationally, has gained the lead in three major cities: Pretoria, Johannesburg, and Port Elizabeth. Final results are expected Friday. 

South Africa&#39;s opposition DA party wins a majority in local elections in three main cities, early results show. 


### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4d6f4c2-5a03-11e6-9f70-badea1b336d4.html#axzz4GN7PLlGJ)
2. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/Detail/2016/08/04/478439/South-Africa-ANC-DA-Pretoria-Johannesburg-Port-Elizabeth)

### Related:

1. [The Independent Democrats and Democratic Alliance opposition parties in South Africa agree to merge against the ruling African National Congress. ](/news/2010/08/15/the-independent-democrats-and-democratic-alliance-opposition-parties-in-south-africa-agree-to-merge-against-the-ruling-african-national-cong.md) _Context: African National Congress, Democratic Alliance_
2. [ The South African New National Party, successor to the National Party which governed in the apartheid era, votes to dissolve itself following poor results in last year's elections. Its elected representatives are expected to join the governing African National Congress. ](/news/2005/04/9/the-south-african-new-national-party-successor-to-the-national-party-which-governed-in-the-apartheid-era-votes-to-dissolve-itself-followi.md) _Context: African National Congress, apartheid_
3. [South Africa-Zimbabwe relations. The South African Police Service issues a red alert at the country's borders to prevent First Lady of Zimbabwe Grace Mugabe from leaving the country. She is wanted on charges of "assault with intent to cause grievous bodily harm" on a 20-year-old woman in a hotel room in Johannesburg. ](/news/2017/08/17/south-africa-zimbabwe-relations-the-south-african-police-service-issues-a-red-alert-at-the-country-s-borders-to-prevent-first-lady-of-zim.md) _Context: Johannesburg_
4. [South African Premier Division. Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/south-african-premier-division-two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-jo.md) _Context: Johannesburg_
5. [Over 50,000 people participate in the ongoing Democratic Alliance protests in South Africa against President Jacob Zuma. ](/news/2017/04/7/over-50-000-people-participate-in-the-ongoing-democratic-alliance-protests-in-south-africa-against-president-jacob-zuma.md) _Context: Democratic Alliance_
6. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: Johannesburg_
7. [Solly Msimanga, newly elected Democratic Alliance mayor of Tshwane, South Africa, rejects a fleet of luxury cars for himself and instead donates it to the city's police. ](/news/2016/09/8/solly-msimanga-newly-elected-democratic-alliance-mayor-of-tshwane-south-africa-rejects-a-fleet-of-luxury-cars-for-himself-and-instead-don.md) _Context: Democratic Alliance_
8. [Oscar Pistorius is admitted to a Pretoria hospital after sustaining injuries to his wrists. Blades are subsequently found in a search of his cell. ](/news/2016/08/7/oscar-pistorius-is-admitted-to-a-pretoria-hospital-after-sustaining-injuries-to-his-wrists-blades-are-subsequently-found-in-a-search-of-his.md) _Context: Pretoria_
9. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: African National Congress_
10. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: apartheid_
