### [2016-08-4](/news/2016/08/4/index.md)

# The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. 




### Source:

1. [IOC](https://www.olympic.org/news/ioc-review-panel-decides-on-the-participation-of-russian-athletes-at-the-olympic-games-rio-2016)

### Related:

1. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee, Russian Olympic Committee_
2. [The Russian Olympic Committee appeals the ban of its track and field team from participating in the upcoming summer Olympics by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), because of large scale doping, with the Court of Arbitration for Sport. A hearing on the case will take place on July 19. ](/news/2016/07/3/the-russian-olympic-committee-appeals-the-ban-of-its-track-and-field-team-from-participating-in-the-upcoming-summer-olympics-by-the-internat.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russian Olympic Committee_
3. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
4. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
5. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
6. [Contractors and suppliers for the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games claim they are owed millions in unpaid debts. ](/news/2016/11/28/contractors-and-suppliers-for-the-rio-de-janeiro-olympic-games-claim-they-are-owed-millions-in-unpaid-debts.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
7. [French swimmer Camille Lacourt accuses Chinese swimmer Sun Yang of doping, saying "he pisses purple", while American swimmer Michael Phelps says "something needs to be done" to prevent doping from infiltrating swimming. ](/news/2016/08/9/french-swimmer-camille-lacourt-accuses-chinese-swimmer-sun-yang-of-doping-saying-he-pisses-purple-while-american-swimmer-michael-phelps.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
8. [ After the men's 400-metre freestyle final of the 2016 Summer Olympics, Australian gold medalist Mack Horton says Chinese silver medalist Sun Yang is a "drug cheat", referring to Sun's three-month doping ban in 2014; Chinese netizens have swarmed Horton's online pages to demand an apology; Chinese state media has since called Horton "immoral" and described Australia as a former "offshore prison". ](/news/2016/08/7/after-the-men-s-400-metre-freestyle-final-of-the-2016-summer-olympics-australian-gold-medalist-mack-horton-says-chinese-silver-medalist-su.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
9. [Anita Wlodarczyk of Poland breaks her own hammer throw world record, set earlier this month at the Rio Olympics, by close to 3/4 meter, with a throw of 82.98 meters at the Kamila Skolimowska Memorial in Warsaw. ](/news/2016/08/28/anita-waodarczyk-of-poland-breaks-her-own-hammer-throw-world-record-set-earlier-this-month-at-the-rio-olympics-by-close-to-a3-4-meter-with.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
10. [An Olympics aerial camera and its cables fall sixty-five feet, injuring seven people. ](/news/2016/08/15/an-olympics-aerial-camera-and-its-cables-fall-sixty-five-feet-injuring-seven-people.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics_
