### [2016-10-14](/news/2016/10/14/index.md)

# A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. 

A London-based trader accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street &quot;flash crash&quot; by placing bogus orders to spoof the market lost his legal bid to stop extradition on Friday and will now be sent to the United States to face trial.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-flashcrash-trader-extradition-idUSKBN12E196)

### Related:

1. [SAC Capital Advisors pleads guilty to insider trading and wire fraud and agrees to pay $1.8 billion in penalties to the United States. ](/news/2013/11/5/sac-capital-advisors-pleads-guilty-to-insider-trading-and-wire-fraud-and-agrees-to-pay-1-8-billion-in-penalties-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, wire fraud_
2. [The United States stock market undergoes a flash crash (similar to 2010) of 1 percent when the Twitter feed from the Associated Press news agency is hacked and erroneously states that several explosions have injured President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-united-states-stock-market-undergoes-a-flash-crash-similar-to-2010-of-1-percent-when-the-twitter-feed-from-the-associated-press-news-a.md) _Context: 2010 Wall Street "flash crash", United States_
3. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: London, United States_
4. [Having spread across the United States, anti-corruption Occupy Wall Street protests reach Canada, London, and The Hague. ](/news/2011/10/9/having-spread-across-the-united-states-anti-corruption-occupy-wall-street-protests-reach-canada-london-and-the-hague.md) _Context: London, United States_
5. [A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. ](/news/2011/03/20/a-protest-against-the-alleged-appalling-treatment-by-the-united-states-of-bradley-manning-occurs-in-london-with-supporters-from-wales-wh.md) _Context: London, United States_
6. [United States Baptist minister George Rekers, a campaigner who opposes homosexuality, responds to allegations of a holiday in London/Madrid with a male prostitute he met at Rentboy.com. ](/news/2010/05/6/united-states-baptist-minister-george-rekers-a-campaigner-who-opposes-homosexuality-responds-to-allegations-of-a-holiday-in-london-madrid.md) _Context: London, United States_
7. [ Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.md) _Context: London, United States_
8. [ Dhiren Barot of London is convicted of conspiracy to murder for developing al-Qaeda plots to kill thousands of people in the United Kingdom and United States in the 2004 Financial buildings plot. ](/news/2006/11/7/dhiren-barot-of-london-is-convicted-of-conspiracy-to-murder-for-developing-al-qaeda-plots-to-kill-thousands-of-people-in-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: London, United States_
9. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
10. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
