### [2016-10-14](/news/2016/10/14/index.md)

# A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves  at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/14/world/egypt-sinai-attack/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-egypt-insurgency-idUSKBN12E14Q)

### Related:

1. [Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-successful-raids-on-te.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Egyptian government airstrikes on jihadist targets in North Sinai Governorate, leave at least 100 terrorists killed and 40 others wounded. ](/news/2016/10/15/egyptian-government-airstrikes-on-jihadist-targets-in-north-sinai-governorate-leave-at-least-100-terrorists-killed-and-40-others-wounded.md) _Context: Egypt, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
3. [At least 13 Egyptian policemen are killed after a security checkpoint in the city of Arish, North Sinai Governorate, came under attack by militants. Ambulances were reportedly subjected to heavy gunfire as they attempted to reach the wounded. The Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/19/at-least-13-egyptian-policemen-are-killed-after-a-security-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-arish-north-sinai-governorate-came-under-attack-by-mi.md) _Context: ISIL, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL, Sinai insurgency_
5. [A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housing-election-judges-in-the-provincial-capital-o.md) _Context: Egypt, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
6. [Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-sinai-not-far-from.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military, Sinai insurgency_
7. [The Egyptian Armed Forces claim that an offensive against ISIS militants in northern Sinai over the past week has killed at least 164 insurgents with the loss of eight troops. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-egyptian-armed-forces-claim-that-an-offensive-against-isis-militants-in-northern-sinai-over-the-past-week-has-killed-at-least-164-insurg.md) _Context: Egyptian military, ISIL, Sinai insurgency_
8. [The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean,  just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. ](/news/2015/07/16/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-greater-syria-isis-has-claimed-that-it-sank-an-egyptian-patrol-boat-in-the-mediterranean-just-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL, Sinai insurgency_
9. [Sinai insurgency: Militants launch attacks on Egyptian Armed Forces checkpoints in North Sinai, leaving dozens of security personnel and insurgents killed. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the assaults. ](/news/2015/07/1/sinai-insurgency-militants-launch-attacks-on-egyptian-armed-forces-checkpoints-in-north-sinai-leaving-dozens-of-security-personnel-and-ins.md) _Context: Egyptian military, ISIL, Sinai insurgency_
10. [Masked militants attack an Egyptian Army checkpoint in a village south of Rafah, North Sinai Governorate, killing at least 23 soldiers, including a high-ranking special forces colonel. The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria later claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/07/7/masked-militants-attack-an-egyptian-army-checkpoint-in-a-village-south-of-rafah-north-sinai-governorate-killing-at-least-23-soldiers-incl.md) _Context: North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
