### [2016-10-14](/news/2016/10/14/index.md)

# President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. 

Regulatory changes ranged from serious business overtures to one that will become a favorite of U.S. travelers to the island: no more limit on how many bottles of rum and Cuban cigars they can bring back for personal use.


### Source:

1. [The Havana Times](http://www.havanatimes.org/?p=121556)
2. [The Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/cuba/article108195527.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/15/world/americas/obama-cuba-trade-embargo.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States President_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that he will visit Cuba next month becoming the first American president to visit Cuba since 1928. ](/news/2016/02/18/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-he-will-visit-cuba-next-month-becoming-the-first-american-president-to-visit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States President_
3. [Along with 15 other international envoys, Cuban diplomat Jose Ramon Cabanas Rodriguez presents his credentials to U.S. President Barack Obama, becoming the island's first ambassador to the United States since 1961. The Obama Administration has yet to name an ambassador to Cuba. ](/news/2015/09/17/along-with-15-other-international-envoys-cuban-diplomat-jose-ramon-cabaa-as-rodriguez-presents-his-credentials-to-u-s-president-barack-oba.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States President_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp  in Cuba. Obama made similar statements during his first presidential campaign in 2007 and had previously stated that the camp would be closed by 2010. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-plans-to-close-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-in-cuba-obama-made-similar-stat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States President_
5. [Denali, the highest mountain peak in North America, officially regains its original Alaska Native name through an executive order issued by American President Barack Obama. Previously, since 1917, it had been known as Mount McKinley. ](/news/2015/08/31/denali-the-highest-mountain-peak-in-north-america-officially-regains-its-original-alaska-native-name-through-an-executive-order-issued-by.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President, executive order_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama endorses a proposal to remove Cuba from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism. ](/news/2015/04/14/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-endorses-a-proposal-to-remove-cuba-from-a-list-of-countries-that-sponsor-terrorism.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States President_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama signs an executive order declaring Venezuela a national security threat to the U.S. ](/news/2015/03/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-signs-an-executive-order-declaring-venezuela-a-national-security-threat-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States President, executive order_
8. [The American Ballet Theatre is given permission by its country's President, Barack Obama, to perform in Cuba; it would be the first time in 50 years. American tourists are still banned by their government from travelling to Cuba. ](/news/2010/08/18/the-american-ballet-theatre-is-given-permission-by-its-country-s-president-barack-obama-to-perform-in-cuba-it-would-be-the-first-time-in.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States President_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama requests that Cuba's leaders release all political prisoners, describing human rights there as "deeply disturbing". ](/news/2010/03/25/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-requests-that-cuba-s-leaders-release-all-political-prisoners-describing-human-rights-there-as.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States President_
10. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, United States President_
