### [2009-12-30](/news/2009/12/30/index.md)

#  A British hostage is released alive in Iraq following over two and a half years of captivity in Iraq and Iran. 

A British hostage has been freed after more than two-and-a-half years in captivity in Iraq.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2009/12/31/2783117.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8435075.stm)
3. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/dec/31/peter-moore-kidnapping-iran-militia)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iraq/6912786/Peter-Moore-two-and-a-half-years-of-captivity-in-Iraq.html)

### Related:

1. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
3. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
4. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit: United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
5. [European migrant crisis: The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limite.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
6. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
7. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Iraq_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
9. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Britain, Iran_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
