### [2011-12-29](/news/2011/12/29/index.md)

# General elections take place in Jamaica, with preliminary results showing the Opposition People's National Party led by Portia Simpson Miller in a winning position. 

Jamaicans head to the polls on the tourism-dependent Caribbean island today, with their young prime minister&#39;s job on the line.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-16352120)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/1229/jamaica.html)

### Related:

1. [The opposition People's National Party wins a majority in the Jamaican general election, with former Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller set to regain office. ](/news/2011/12/30/the-opposition-people-s-national-party-wins-a-majority-in-the-jamaican-general-election-with-former-prime-minister-portia-simpson-miller-se.md) _Context: Jamaica, People's National Party, Portia Simpson-Miller, general election_
2. [ Jamaica election: With all the votes counted, the Jamaica Labour Party (JLP) is headed to victory with 31 seats compared to the incumbent People's National Party (PNP) with 29 seats. The current Prime Minister, Portia Simpson-Miller, is calling for a recount in marginal seats. ](/news/2007/09/4/jamaica-election-with-all-the-votes-counted-the-jamaica-labour-party-jlp-is-headed-to-victory-with-31-seats-compared-to-the-incumbent-p.md) _Context: Jamaica, People's National Party, Portia Simpson-Miller_
3. [Portia Simpson-Miller, prime minister of Jamaica, announces that the Jamaican general election, 2007 will be held on August 27th, 2007 at a rally for People's National Party in Kingston, Jamaica. ](/news/2007/07/8/portia-simpson-miller-prime-minister-of-jamaica-announces-that-the-jamaican-general-election-2007-will-be-held-on-august-27th-2007-at-a.md) _Context: Jamaica, People's National Party, Portia Simpson-Miller_
4. [ Jamaica will have its first female Prime Minister, as Portia Simpson-Miller is elected president of the People's National Party. She will automatically replace P. J. Patterson in a few weeks. ](/news/2006/02/26/jamaica-will-have-its-first-female-prime-minister-as-portia-simpson-miller-is-elected-president-of-the-people-s-national-party-she-will-a.md) _Context: Jamaica, People's National Party, Portia Simpson-Miller_
5. [The Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller announces that the country is to become a republic, with plans to remove Queen Elizabeth II as head of state and the Jamaican monarchy in general. ](/news/2012/01/6/the-jamaican-prime-minister-portia-simpson-miller-announces-that-the-country-is-to-become-a-republic-with-plans-to-remove-queen-elizabeth-i.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller_
6. [ Portia Simpson Miller is sworn in as Prime Minister of Jamaica, becoming the first woman to lead the Commonwealth of Jamaica.](/news/2006/03/30/portia-simpson-miller-is-sworn-in-as-prime-minister-of-jamaica-becoming-the-first-woman-to-lead-the-commonwealth-of-jamaica.md) _Context: Jamaica, Portia Simpson-Miller_
7. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Jamaica_
8. [Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-stalls-as-it-heads-towards-jamaica.md) _Context: Jamaica_
9. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Jamaica_
10. [Two missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-missionaries-from-the-united-states-are-found-slain-in-separate-areas-of-rural-st-mary-parish-in-jamaica-randy-hentzel-and-harold-nich.md) _Context: Jamaica_
