
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.json)  [XML](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.xml)  

### [2017-06-3](/news/2017/06/3/index.md)

# CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http:--www.washingtontimes.com-news-2017-jun-5-brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-- (Washington Times) ]




### Changes:

1. [Footage documenting CNN employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors surfaces on social media. ](/news/2017/06/3/footage-documenting-cnn-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-surfaces-on-social-media.md) _2017-06-09 03:51:30 (First version)_
2. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _2017-06-10 12:30:04 (Update)_
3. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _2017-08-25 03:47:58 (Update)_
3. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http:--www.washingtontimes.com-news-2017-jun-5-brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-- (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice antitrust chief has told AT&T that it must sell off either DirecTV or Turner Broadcasting System (the parent of CNN) in order to complete its acquisition of Time Warner. ([http:--money.cnn.com-2017-11-08-media-att-time-warner-index.html CNN])](/news/2017/11/8/the-united-states-department-of-justice-antitrust-chief-has-told-at-t-that-it-must-sell-off-either-directv-or-turner-broadcasting-system-th.md) _Context: CNN_
2. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: CNN_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
4. [Three CNN journalists, Thomas Frank, Eric Lichtblau, and Lex Haris, resign after the publication of a Russia-related article involving President Donald Trump that was retracted. ](/news/2017/06/26/three-cnn-journalists-thomas-frank-eric-lichtblau-and-lex-haris-resign-after-the-publication-of-a-russia-related-article-involving-presi.md) _Context: CNN_
5. [CNN terminates its "New Year's Eve Live" contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-head.md) _Context: CNN_
