### [2017-06-3](/news/2017/06/3/index.md)

# The Metropolitan Police close London Bridge in both directions after a van travelling at approximately 50mph mounts the pavements and injures 5 pedestrians. [http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-40146916 (BBC)]The Metropolitan Police also respond to incidents in the Borough Market and Vauxhall areas of London, confirming stabbings and shootings across the United Kingdom's capital.




### Related:

1. [Scotland Yard confirms that they are investigating a triple murder in relation to the death of British actress Sian Blake and her two sons after the discovery of their dead bodies on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/01/7/scotland-yard-confirms-that-they-are-investigating-a-triple-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-british-actress-sian-blake-and-her-two-sons-a.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
2. [Scotland Yard advises that it will be treating three non-fatal stabbings at the Leytonstone tube station in London as a terrorist incident. ](/news/2015/12/5/scotland-yard-advises-that-it-will-be-treating-three-non-fatal-stabbings-at-the-leytonstone-tube-station-in-london-as-a-terrorist-incident.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
3. [Shaker Aamer, the last British resident held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, is released. Aamer faces no charges in Britain; Scotland Yard detectives questioned him for three days during his detention. ](/news/2015/10/30/shaker-aamer-the-last-british-resident-held-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-is-released-aamer-faces-no-charges-in-britain-scotland.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
4. [Metropolitan Police arrested two suspects after three women are rescued from a residential address in Lambeth, South London, after thirty years of captivity. ](/news/2013/11/21/metropolitan-police-arrested-two-suspects-after-three-women-are-rescued-from-a-residential-address-in-lambeth-south-london-after-thirty-ye.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
5. [Scotland Yard discovers new evidence and new witnesses in the Madeleine McCann case and opens a formal investigation into her disappearance. ](/news/2013/07/4/scotland-yard-discovers-new-evidence-and-new-witnesses-in-the-madeleine-mccann-case-and-opens-a-formal-investigation-into-her-disappearance.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
6. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid ''The Sun'' about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-a.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
7. [As part of "a policy of reducing the impact of rough sleepers on the community" London's Metropolitan police seize belongings including sleeping bags from homeless people. ](/news/2013/05/24/as-part-of-a-policy-of-reducing-the-impact-of-rough-sleepers-on-the-community-london-s-metropolitan-police-seize-belongings-including-slee.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
8. [Boston Marathon bombings:Organisers and security officials reassess security plans for Sunday's 2013 London Marathon. This follows yesterday's incident at the 2013 Boston Marathon which killed three people. ](/news/2013/04/16/boston-marathon-bombings-porganisers-and-security-officials-reassess-security-plans-for-sunday-s-2013-london-marathon-this-follows-yesterda.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
9. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the ''News of the World'', regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-ph.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
10. [PC Simon Harwood, cleared over the death of Ian Tomlinson during the 2009 G-20 summit protests in London, is dismissed from the Metropolitan Police after a hearing finds him guilty of gross misconduct. ](/news/2012/09/17/pc-simon-harwood-cleared-over-the-death-of-ian-tomlinson-during-the-2009-g-20-summit-protests-in-london-is-dismissed-from-the-metropolitan.md) _Context: The Metropolitan Police_
