### [2005-09-25](/news/2005/09/25/index.md)

#  American psychiatrist and best-selling author M. Scott Peck, M.D.  Dies after suffering from Parkinson's disease and pancreatic and liver duct cancer.  Peck, 69, was the author of ''The Road Less Traveled''.  

Megory Anderson, executive director of the Sacred Dying Foundation and a former Episcopal nun, talks to host Michele Norris about her longtime friend, M. Scott Peck. He wrote the best-sellier, The Road Less Traveled, among other self-help books. He died Sunday at age 69.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4868067)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/09/28/books/28peck.html)

### Related:

1. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: cancer_
2. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
3. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
4. [University of California, San Francisco, scientists announce the discovery of an altered protein (prion) that is the direct cause of a rare, incurable, Parkinson's-like brain disorder, multiple system atrophy. ](/news/2015/09/1/university-of-california-san-francisco-scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-an-altered-protein-prion-that-is-the-direct-cause-of-a-rare.md) _Context: Parkinson's-like_
5. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
6. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [Research from the ''Science Translational Medicine'' suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [Researchers at the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute are published in the journal ''Cell'', describing a link between Parkinsonism (Parkinson's disease) and the agricultural pesticides of paraquat and maneb. ](/news/2013/12/6/researchers-at-the-sanford-burnham-medical-research-institute-are-published-in-the-journal-cell-describing-a-link-between-parkinsonism.md) _Context: Parkinson's-like_
9. [After a two-year research project conducted by scientists at the National Chemistry Institute of the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Vietnam becomes the world's tenth country to successfully apply nanotechnology to produce nano curcumin, a substance that can help treat cancer. ](/news/2013/10/31/after-a-two-year-research-project-conducted-by-scientists-at-the-national-chemistry-institute-of-the-vietnam-academy-of-science-and-technolo.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [American Pulitzer Prize-winning film reviewer Roger Ebert dies at the age of 70 following a battle with cancer which initially cost him his voice. ](/news/2013/04/4/american-pulitzer-prize-winning-film-reviewer-roger-ebert-dies-at-the-age-of-70-following-a-battle-with-cancer-which-initially-cost-him-his.md) _Context: cancer_
