### [2005-09-25](/news/2005/09/25/index.md)

#  Swiss voters approve a referendum by 56% to 44% to allow citizens from the 10 newest European Union member countries to travel and work in Switzerland. Quotas will be applied until 2011 on the number of people allowed to settle. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4280462.stm)

### Related:

1. [Swiss referendums, 2017. Voters in Switzerland approve a referendum that makes it easier for third-generation immigrants to become citizens. ](/news/2017/02/12/swiss-referendums-2017-voters-in-switzerland-approve-a-referendum-that-makes-it-easier-for-third-generation-immigrants-to-become-citizens.md) _Context: Switzerland, referendum_
2. [Switzerland-European Union relations. The European Union warns Switzerland that it will lose access to its single market if it goes through with its plan to impose restrictions on the free movement of EU citizens. In a referendum held back in February 9, 2014, Swiss voters approved limiting the movement of economic migrants from the EU in the country. Current laws allow migrants to enter Switzerland without visas. ](/news/2016/07/3/switzerland-european-union-relations-the-european-union-warns-switzerland-that-it-will-lose-access-to-its-single-market-if-it-goes-throug.md) _Context: European Union, Switzerland_
3. [Switzerland-European Union relations. Switzerland's Federal Assembly votes to officially withdraw the country's application to join the European Union. Following the vote, foreign minister Didier Burkhalter was quoted as saying that the government will now tell the EU to -consider the application as withdrawn-. ](/news/2016/06/16/switzerland-european-union-relations-switzerland-s-federal-assembly-votes-to-officially-withdraw-the-country-s-application-to-join-the-eu.md) _Context: European Union, Switzerland_
4. [Swiss referendums, 2016. Swiss citizens vote on four referenda, including one, proposed by the right-wing Swiss People's Party, that would automatically expel foreigners who commit two minor crimes. Current law calls for deportation of non-citizens convicted of murder or sexual violence. ](/news/2016/02/28/swiss-referendums-2016-swiss-citizens-vote-on-four-referenda-including-one-proposed-by-the-right-wing-swiss-people-s-party-that-would-a.md) _Context: Switzerland, referendum_
5. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
6. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
7. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
8. [The Constitutional Court of Turkey annuls key parts of government-backed constitutional reforms designed for possible European Union membership, rejecting opposition calls for the rest to be rejected as well and permitting the rest to be put to a national referendum in September. ](/news/2010/07/7/the-constitutional-court-of-turkey-annuls-key-parts-of-government-backed-constitutional-reforms-designed-for-possible-european-union-members.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
9. [ Switzerland votes on a referendum to make permanent freedom of movement for workers from the European Union. ](/news/2009/02/8/switzerland-votes-on-a-referendum-to-make-permanent-freedom-of-movement-for-workers-from-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, Switzerland_
10. [ The Dutch Cabinet meets to decide whether to hold a referendum on the European Union's Reform Treaty. ](/news/2007/09/21/the-dutch-cabinet-meets-to-decide-whether-to-hold-a-referendum-on-the-european-union-s-reform-treaty.md) _Context: European Union, referendum_
