
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.json)  [XML](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.xml)  

### [2005-09-25](/news/2005/09/25/index.md)

##### Israeli soldier
#  The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. 

IDF launches operation &#39;First Rain,&#39; hits Hamas, al-Aqsa Martyrs&#39; Brigades targets in Gaza Strip in response to Qassam rocket barrage directed at Israeli communities over weekend. More than 20 Palestinians hurt; earlier, cabinet approves harsh measures, including renewed targeted killings, artillery fire, attacks on infrastructure in Gaza; meanwhile, 150 wanted Palestinians arrested in broad overnight operation


### Sources:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/5E9E8634-35C4-4F72-BD41-D1A1C3B50C83.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4280262.stm)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-5301572,00.html)
4. [YNETnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3146657,00.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Army, Palestine, West Bank_
2. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestine, West Bank_
3. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Army, Palestine_
4. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Army, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220914.stm (BBC)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4220300.stm (BBC)], [http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http:--www.imemc.org-index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Army, Palestinian, West Bank_
