### [2017-07-3](/news/2017/07/3/index.md)

# A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. 

Helicopter crashed three minutes before arriving at Dieng Plateau, the popular tourist area where the eruption on Sunday injured at least 10


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/03/rescue-helicopter-crash-kills-eight-after-indonesian-volcano-erupts)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/5b73354236e2cb9c879462a38834b43aace249e3/247_180_1689_1013/master/1689.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=1b707fde2d3e30bdd420208cb584ad33)

### Related:

1. [Heavy rain in Central Java has caused landslides and flooding with 24 people dead and at least 26 missing in the Indonesian province. ](/news/2016/06/19/heavy-rain-in-central-java-has-caused-landslides-and-flooding-with-24-people-dead-and-at-least-26-missing-in-the-indonesian-province.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
2. [Mounts Merapi and Sinabung erupt in Indonesia forcing residents of Central Java and North Sumatra to flee. ](/news/2013/11/18/mounts-merapi-and-sinabung-erupt-in-indonesia-forcing-residents-of-central-java-and-north-sumatra-to-flee.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
3. [A suicide bombing near a church in Central Java, Indonesia, kills at least two people and injures several others. ](/news/2011/09/25/a-suicide-bombing-near-a-church-in-central-java-indonesia-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-several-others.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
4. [ Mount Merapi in Central Java, Indonesia, which has been rumbling for about a month, is shooting out black smoke, volcanic ash and lava, and a volcanic eruption appears to be imminent. Mandatory evacuations are under way. ](/news/2006/05/14/mount-merapi-in-central-java-indonesia-which-has-been-rumbling-for-about-a-month-is-shooting-out-black-smoke-volcanic-ash-and-lava-and.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
5. [ An Indonesian MD-82 from the charter airline Lion Air crashes in Central Java, killing at least 31 people and injuring at least 62 people. ](/news/2004/12/1/an-indonesian-md-82-from-the-charter-airline-lion-air-crashes-in-central-java-killing-at-least-31-people-and-injuring-at-least-62-people.md) _Context: Central Java, Indonesia_
6. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
