### [2014-06-8](/news/2014/06/8/index.md)

# Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home:: Dr Diarmuid Martin, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, calls for an independent inquiry into mass graves for women and children warning that more sites are likely to be found in Ireland. 

Leading Irish archbishop warns of more mass graves at other convents around the country as he calls for independent inquiry


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ireland/10885038/More-Irish-mass-graves-likely-to-be-found-warns-Archbishop-of-Dublin.html)

### Related:

1. [ Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin, speaking at Holy Thursday mass in St Mary's Pro-Cathedral, criticizes Catholics who believe the church should move on from recent child abuse scandals in Ireland. ](/news/2010/04/1/archbishop-of-dublin-diarmuid-martin-speaking-at-holy-thursday-mass-in-st-mary-s-pro-cathedral-criticizes-catholics-who-believe-the-churc.md) _Context: Diarmuid Martin, Ireland_
2. [ An Irish government-commissioned report, carried out by a retired Supreme Court judge, condemns two Irish bishops, the Roman Catholic Church, the Garda Siochna (police) and health authorities for their failure to deal with clerical sex abuse over 40 years in the Diocese of Ferns (Wexford). The report suggested that 10% of priests in the diocese sexually abused children. ](/news/2005/10/25/an-irish-government-commissioned-report-carried-out-by-a-retired-supreme-court-judge-condemns-two-irish-bishops-the-roman-catholic-churc.md) _Context: Ireland, Roman Catholic Church_
3. [Killing of Patricia O'Connor: The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/killing-of-patricia-o-connor-the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-tod.md) _Context: Ireland_
4. [Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home: A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing -significant quantities of human remains-, all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/bon-secours-mother-and-baby-home-a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-significant-quan.md) _Context: Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home_
5. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [United Ireland: Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/united-ireland-taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [East-West Schism: Pope Francis meets with Patriarch Kirill of Moscow in Havana, Cuba. It is the first time that the heads of the Roman Catholic Church and Russian Orthodox Church have ever met. ](/news/2016/02/12/east-west-schism-pope-francis-meets-with-patriarch-kirill-of-moscow-in-havana-cuba-it-is-the-first-time-that-the-heads-of-the-roman-cat.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church_
