### [2014-06-8](/news/2014/06/8/index.md)

# Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. 

Pope Francis hosts a joint prayer meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders, urging them to show courage to seek Middle East peace.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-27754663)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/75385000/jpg/_75385849_75385848.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis invites the President of Israel Shimon Peres and the President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas to pray with him at the Vatican for peace and the invitations are accepted. ](/news/2014/05/25/pope-francis-invites-the-president-of-israel-shimon-peres-and-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-to-pray-with-him-at-the.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President, Pope Francis, President, Shimon Peres, Vatican City_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
3. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, State of Palestine_
4. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, State of Palestine_
5. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, State of Palestine_
6. [The President of Israel Shimon Peres and the President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak agree that Israel and the Palestinian Authority should hold direct talks. ](/news/2010/08/1/the-president-of-israel-shimon-peres-and-the-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-agree-that-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-should-hold-di.md) _Context: Israel, President, Shimon Peres_
7. [President of Israel Shimon Peres denies a claims that there was an alleged nuclear pact between Israel and South Africa. ](/news/2010/05/24/president-of-israel-shimon-peres-denies-a-claims-that-there-was-an-alleged-nuclear-pact-between-israel-and-south-africa.md) _Context: Israel, President, Shimon Peres_
8. [ Israeli President and Nobel Laureate Shimon Peres is hospitalised after a collapse in Tel Aviv. ](/news/2009/09/12/israeli-president-and-nobel-laureate-shimon-peres-is-hospitalised-after-a-collapse-in-tel-aviv.md) _Context: Israel, President, Shimon Peres_
9. [ Israeli President Shimon Peres selects Likud Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu to form the country's next government. ](/news/2009/02/20/israeli-president-shimon-peres-selects-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-to-form-the-country-s-next-government.md) _Context: Israel, President, Shimon Peres_
10. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert officially submits his resignation to President Shimon Peres. Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni begins talks on forming a new government. ](/news/2008/09/21/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-officially-submits-his-resignation-to-president-shimon-peres-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-begins-talks.md) _Context: Israel, President, Shimon Peres_
