### [2006-08-24](/news/2006/08/24/index.md)

#  German Chancellor Angela Merkel states that Iran's response to the incentives by world powers aiming to persuade it to give up nuclear power is unsatisfactory. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://go.reuters.co.uk/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=1422682&section=news&src=rss/uk/worldNews)

### Related:

1. [ President George W. Bush says that he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but "all options are on the table" in a joint media conference with the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. ](/news/2008/06/11/president-george-w-bush-says-that-he-wants-to-solve-the-iran-issue-peacefully-but-all-options-are-on-the-table-in-a-joint-media-conferen.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor, Iran_
2. [Iran denies a plane carrying the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel access to its airspace for two hours en route to India. ](/news/2011/05/31/iran-denies-a-plane-carrying-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-access-to-its-airspace-for-two-hours-en-route-to-india.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Iran_
3. [ Late 2000s recession: German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a EUR50-billion economic stimulus package. ](/news/2009/01/13/late-2000s-recession-p-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-a-50-billion-economic-stimulus-package.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
4. [ In an address to the Israeli Knesset, German Chancellor Angela Merkel says "Germany will always stand by the Jewish state." ](/news/2008/03/18/in-an-address-to-the-israeli-knesset-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-says-germany-will-always-stand-by-the-jewish-state.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
5. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel and half of her cabinet visit Israel in a move to upgrade bilateral relations ](/news/2008/03/17/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-and-half-of-her-cabinet-visit-israel-in-a-move-to-upgrade-bilateral-relations.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
6. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
7. [ Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, holds talks with Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia over energy security issues. ](/news/2007/01/21/angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-holds-talks-with-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-over-energy-security-issues.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
8. [ In Berlin, Germany, Europe's largest train station, Berlin Hauptbahnhof, is opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deutsche Bahn Chairman Hartmut Mehdorn and Industrial Commissioner of the European Union Gunter Verheugen. The station is the hub of routes from Stockholm to Rome and Paris to Moscow. 1,200 trains will depart and arrive every day. The station is expected to have cost EUR800 million.  ](/news/2006/05/26/in-berlin-germany-europe-s-largest-train-station-berlin-hauptbahnhof-is-opened-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-deutsche-bahn-chairman-hart.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
9. [ The new Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, goes to Paris, France for her first foreign trip in office. Some observers see this as a signal that intra-European affairs will be a high priority. ](/news/2005/11/23/the-new-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-goes-to-paris-france-for-her-first-foreign-trip-in-office-some-observers-see-this-as-a-sign.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
10. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, Chancellor_
