### [2014-04-24](/news/2014/04/24/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. The Ukrainian government says it's regained control of the city hall in the eastern port of Mariupol from pro-Russian separatists. Administrative buildings have been taken over in at least a dozen towns in Eastern Ukraine. 

Russia announces new military exercises on its border with Ukraine, after Kiev orders troops to move against separatists in the east.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27138300)
2. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/russia-says-respond-ukraine-interests-attacked-051534882--finance.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/24/us-ukraine-crisis-idUSBREA3L11A20140424)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
2. [War in Donbass. Russia-Ukraine relations. Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
3. [War in Donbass. German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Ukraine_
5. [War in Donbass. A Ukrainian military spokesman says three of its soldiers were killed by a mortar attack in the country's east, the heaviest toll reported in the region in nearly two months. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-donbass-a-ukrainian-military-spokesman-says-three-of-its-soldiers-were-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-the-country-s-east-the-heaviest.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
6. [War in Donbass. Russia-Ukraine relations. A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fight.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
7. [War in Donbass. The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/war-in-donbass-the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Mariupol, Ukraine_
8. [War in Donbass. The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to the remains. ](/news/2016/03/25/war-in-donbass-the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
9. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists conduct peace talks as fighting rages in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/31/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-ukraine-and-russian-backed-separatists-conduct-peace-talks-as-fighting-rages-in-eastern.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukraine_
10. [War in Donbass:. A rocket attack on an open-air market in Mariupol, Ukraine, leaves at least 27 people killed and more than 90 injured. The pro-Russian rebel leader, Alexander Zakharchenko, announces an offensive on Mariupol. ](/news/2015/01/24/war-in-donbass-a-rocket-attack-on-an-open-air-market-in-mariupol-ukraine-leaves-at-least-27-people-killed-and-more-than-90-injured-the.md) _Context: Mariupol, Ukraine_
