### [2014-04-24](/news/2014/04/24/index.md)

# In Nevada the Bundy standoff continues; politicians who had voiced support for Bundy began to distance themselves after the rancher controversially suggested that African Americans might be better off picking cotton as slaves than "under government subsidy". 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/04/24/bundy-under-fire/)

### Related:

1. [Armed militiamen, including members of the Bundy family of Nevada, take over and occupy the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns, Oregon following a peaceful rally in support of Dwight and Steve Hammond, who were convicted of arson in 2012 for setting fires on public land adjacent to their property. ](/news/2016/01/2/armed-militiamen-including-members-of-the-bundy-family-of-nevada-take-over-and-occupy-the-headquarters-of-the-malheur-national-wildlife-re.md) _Context: Bundy family, Nevada_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the Bears Ears in Utah and Gold Butte area of Nevada as National Monuments. Both are known for the presence of Native American populations and archaeological sites. ](/news/2016/12/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-bears-ears-in-utah-and-gold-butte-area-of-nevada-as-national-monuments-both-are-known-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Nevada_
3. [Reform candidate Rocky de la Fuente files for a sample recount in parts of Nevada. ](/news/2016/11/30/reform-candidate-rocky-de-la-fuente-files-for-a-sample-recount-in-parts-of-nevada.md) _Context: Nevada_
4. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Nevada_
5. [Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton requests a Justice Department investigation of last night's fatal police shooting of Philando Castile (an African-American) during a traffic stop. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed the incident live over Facebook. It showed Castile had been shot several times and was slumped against Reynolds; he died in Minneapolis's Hennepin County Medical Center. ](/news/2016/07/7/minnesota-governor-mark-dayton-requests-a-justice-department-investigation-of-last-night-s-fatal-police-shooting-of-philando-castile-an-afr.md) _Context: African-American_
6. [Tesla motors opens a 'Gigafactory' near Reno in the middle of the Nevada desert. ](/news/2016/07/27/tesla-motors-opens-a-gigafactory-near-reno-in-the-middle-of-the-nevada-desert.md) _Context: Nevada_
7. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Nevada_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016.Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-pvoters-in-the-american-state-of-nevada-take-part-in-democratic-party-caucuses-with-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Nevada_
9. [Mysterious lights from an unidentified flying object spook people in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It was later confirmed as a test flight of a UGM-133 Trident II missile. ](/news/2015/11/8/mysterious-lights-from-an-unidentified-flying-object-spook-people-in-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-was-later-confirmed-as-a-test-fligh.md) _Context: Nevada_
10. [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's  shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a  24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people -- three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks -- were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threateni.md) _Context: African-American_
