### [2014-04-24](/news/2014/04/24/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. 

Despite confusion over whether Netanyahu or security cabinet took decision, announcement appears to end US-led initiative


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/24/middle-east-israel-halts-peace-talks-palestinians)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/israel-suspends-peace-talks-because-of-palestinian-unity-deal/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-20.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launch.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
8. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas- violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamas-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
9. [Hamas bans Fatah supporters from holding a rally in the Gaza Strip as representatives of the two parties prepare to meet in Syria to discuss ways of resolving the conflict between them. ](/news/2010/11/9/hamas-bans-fatah-supporters-from-holding-a-rally-in-the-gaza-strip-as-representatives-of-the-two-parties-prepare-to-meet-in-syria-to-discuss.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
10. [Human rights organizations say the Palestinian Authority is depriving Palestinians in Gaza affiliated with Hamas of passports; Hamas has retaliated by depriving Gazans belonging to Fatah of their passports. ](/news/2010/11/8/human-rights-organizations-say-the-palestinian-authority-is-depriving-palestinians-in-gaza-affiliated-with-hamas-of-passports-hamas-has-ret.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
