### [2014-07-13](/news/2014/07/13/index.md)

# Operation Protective Edge:Israel Defense Forces special forces raid a missile launch site in the Gaza Strip and destroy it. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://us.cnn.com/2014/07/12/world/meast/mideast-tensions/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
2. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by  Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [The Israel Defense Forces Advocate General has announced criminal investigations into three more incidents from Operation Protective Edge.  Of the 190 incidents reported to the IDF, investigations have been completed on 105, with seven leading to criminal investigations. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-israel-defense-forces-advocate-general-has-announced-criminal-investigations-into-three-more-incidents-from-operation-protective-edge.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
9. [The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas claims responsibility for the over 80 rockets fired into southern Israel Monday evening; the Israeli Air Force carries out overnight airstrikes killing nine Palestinian militants. In response to escalating rocket fire, the Israel Defense Forces calls up 1,500 reservists as southern towns declare a state of emergency.  ](/news/2014/07/7/izz-ad-din-al-qassam-brigades-the-military-wing-of-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-the-over-80-rockets-fired-into-southern-israel-monday-ev.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Operation Protective Edge_
