### [2006-02-17](/news/2006/02/17/index.md)

#  International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http:--www.theage.com.au-news-editorial-un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close-2006-02-17-1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http:--www.guardian.co.uk-guantanamo-story-0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http:--www.thestar.com-NASApp-cs-ContentServer?pagename=thestar-Layout-Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News-News (Toronto Star)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http:--www.rte.ie-news-2006-0217-guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http:--news.scotsman.com-international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.




### Related:

1. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: European Parliament, Northern Ireland_
2. [United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
3. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
4. [Peter Hain reveals Nelson Mandela was "breathing fire" down a phone about Tony Blair's role in invading Iraq. ](/news/2010/09/13/peter-hain-reveals-nelson-mandela-was-breathing-fire-down-a-phone-about-tony-blair-s-role-in-invading-iraq.md) _Context: Peter Hain, Tony Blair_
5. [Libya orders the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR, to leave the country for unknown reasons. ](/news/2010/06/8/libya-orders-the-united-nations-refugee-agency-unhcr-to-leave-the-country-for-unknown-reasons.md) _Context: UNHCR, United Nations_

### Changes:

1. [ International demands grow that the United States close ''Guantanamo Bay prison camp''. The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http:--www.theage.com.au-news-editorial-un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close-2006-02-17-1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http:--www.guardian.co.uk-guantanamo-story-0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http:--www.thestar.com-NASApp-cs-ContentServer?pagename=thestar-Layout-Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News-News (Toronto Star)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http:--www.rte.ie-news-2006-0217-guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http:--news.scotsman.com-international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a.md) _2017-08-25 03:17:28 (First version)_
1. [ International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http:--www.theage.com.au-news-editorial-un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close-2006-02-17-1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http:--www.guardian.co.uk-guantanamo-story-0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http:--www.thestar.com-NASApp-cs-ContentServer?pagename=thestar-Layout-Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News-News (Toronto Star)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http:--www.rte.ie-news-2006-0217-guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http:--news.scotsman.com-international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a-re.md) _(Current version)_
