### [2012-06-15](/news/2012/06/15/index.md)

# American singer Chris Brown and Canadian rapper Drake reportedly brawl with each other over fellow popstar Rihanna in a New York nightclub. 

Brown reportedly needed eight stitches to close up his wounds.


### Source:

1. [MTV](http://www.mtv.com/news/articles/1687556/chris-brown-drake-fight-police-video.jhtml)

### Related:

1. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
2. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
3. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests. The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
4. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
5. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
6. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
7. [2016 Chester, Pennsylvania train derailment. Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/2016-chester-pennsylvania-train-derailment-two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmett.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
8. ["Star Wars: The Force Awakens" becomes the highest-grossing film ever in the United States and Canada, overtaking "Avatar". ](/news/2016/01/6/star-wars-the-force-awakens-becomes-the-highest-grossing-film-ever-in-the-united-states-and-canada-overtaking-avatar.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
9. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
10. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
