### [2004-01-30](/news/2004/01/30/index.md)

#  Former French Prime Minister and current Mayor of Bordeaux Alain Jupp is convicted of a party funding scam in the 1980s and early 1990s, and is given an 18-month suspended jail sentence and disqualified from elected office for 10 years, although he retains his mayoralty pending his appeal. He had been viewed as Jacques Chirac's likely successor in the 2007 Presidential election.




### Related:

1. [ French voters go to the polls to elect a new French National Assembly. The centre-right Union for a Popular Movement (UPM) wins a comfortable majority; however, the left did make some gains, with senior minister Alain Juppe losing his seat in Bordeaux. ](/news/2007/06/17/french-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-french-national-assembly-the-centre-right-union-for-a-popular-movement-upm-wins-a-comfortab.md) _Context: Alain Juppe, Bordeaux_
2. [ Nicolas Sarkozy succeeds Jacques Chirac as President of the French Republic after prevailing over Sgolne Royal in the 2007 French presidential election. ](/news/2007/05/16/nicolas-sarkozy-succeeds-jacques-chirac-as-president-of-the-french-republic-after-prevailing-over-segolene-royal-in-the-2007-french-preside.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Jacques Chirac_
3. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: mayor_
4. [A large fire 12 mi west of the French city of Bordeaux ravages more than 350 ha of forest. ](/news/2015/07/25/a-large-fire-12-mi-west-of-the-french-city-of-bordeaux-ravages-more-than-350-ha-of-forest.md) _Context: Bordeaux_
5. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
6. [Several sources claim that a French spy killed Muammar Gaddafi in 2011; the motive to try to conceal Ghadaffi's financial support of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 presidential election campaign. A French source dismisses the story as "nonsense". ](/news/2012/10/2/several-sources-claim-that-a-french-spy-killed-muammar-gaddafi-in-2011-the-motive-to-try-to-conceal-ghadaffi-s-financial-support-of-nicolas.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election_
7. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
8. [The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-trial-of-former-french-president-jacques-chirac-on-embezzlement-charges-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
9. [The strain of E. coli blamed for 46 deaths in Germany appears to have resurfaced in France, sickening eight people, who have been hospitalized in Bordeaux. ](/news/2011/06/26/the-strain-of-e-coli-blamed-for-46-deaths-in-germany-appears-to-have-resurfaced-in-france-sickening-eight-people-who-have-been-hospitaliz.md) _Context: Bordeaux_
10. [In Guatemala the country's electoral supreme court calls for general elections to be held on September 11 to elect President and Vice President, Mayors of the 333 municipal corporations, members for a new Congress and members for the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN). A second round of voting for President and Vice-President will be held on November 6 if needed.](/news/2011/05/2/in-guatemala-the-country-s-electoral-supreme-court-calls-for-general-elections-to-be-held-on-september-11-to-elect-president-and-vice-presid.md) _Context: mayor_
