### [2004-01-30](/news/2004/01/30/index.md)

#  Hutton Inquiry: Reporter Andrew Gilligan resigns from the BBC in the continuing fallout of the publication of Lord Hutton's report into the circumstances of the death of Dr David Kelly. This follows the earlier resignation of the Director-General Greg Dyke and chairman of the Board of Governors Gavyn Davies.




### Related:

1. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: Andrew Gilligan, BBC, Gavyn Davies, Hutton inquiry_
2. [ Hutton Inquiry: The BBC Director-General, Greg Dyke, resigns in the continuing fall-out from the report. Mr Dyke is the second high-ranking BBC official to resign. Mark Byford is appointed Acting Director-General. The UK media in general condemns the report as a whitewash.](/news/2004/01/29/hutton-inquiry-the-bbc-director-general-greg-dyke-resigns-in-the-continuing-fall-out-from-the-report-mr-dyke-is-the-second-high-ranking.md) _Context: BBC, Greg Dyke, Hutton inquiry_
3. [The BBC appoints Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, as the new Director-General of the corporation after the resignation of George Entwistle earlier this month due to the Newsnight controversy. He is expected to start in the role in early March 2013. ](/news/2012/11/22/the-bbc-appoints-tony-hall-baron-hall-of-birkenhead-as-the-new-director-general-of-the-corporation-after-the-resignation-of-george-entwist.md) _Context: BBC, Director-General_
4. [ In an appearance before the House of Lords Communications Select Committee, BBC Director-General Mark Thompson denies that the appearance of British National Party leader Nick Griffin on "Question Time" was a bid for ratings. ](/news/2009/10/28/in-an-appearance-before-the-house-of-lords-communications-select-committee-bbc-director-general-mark-thompson-denies-that-the-appearance-o.md) _Context: BBC, Director-General_
5. [ Mark Thompson, Chief Executive of Channel 4, is appointed as the new Director-General of the BBC. ](/news/2004/05/21/mark-thompson-chief-executive-of-channel-4-is-appointed-as-the-new-director-general-of-the-bbc.md) _Context: BBC, Director-General_
6. [ The British government draws up plans to break up the BBC in the wake of the Hutton inquiry. ](/news/2004/02/15/the-british-government-draws-up-plans-to-break-up-the-bbc-in-the-wake-of-the-hutton-inquiry.md) _Context: BBC, Hutton inquiry_
7. [ The date for the publication of the Hutton Inquiry's report into the death of British weapons scientist Dr David Kelly is announced as January 28, 2004.](/news/2004/01/15/the-date-for-the-publication-of-the-hutton-inquiry-s-report-into-the-death-of-british-weapons-scientist-dr-david-kelly-is-announced-as-janu.md) _Context: Dr David Kelly, Hutton inquiry_
8. [ The British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith demands that Prime Minister Tony Blair apologise for the comments of his press secretary, Tom Kelly, in which Kelly compared Dr. David Kelly, the BBC source who took his own life after his identity was revealed by the Ministry of Defence, to the fictional "Walter Mitty" character.](/news/2003/08/10/the-british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-demands-that-prime-minister-tony-blair-apologise-for-the-comments-of-his-press-secr.md) _Context: BBC, Dr David Kelly_
9. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: BBC_
