### [2004-01-30](/news/2004/01/30/index.md)

#  Sheik Ahmed Yassin, leader of Hamas, announces that his group is making an all-out effort to kidnap Israeli soldiers to use as bargaining chips for Palestinians in Israeli prisons, following the prisoner exchange between Israel and Hezbollah in which the remains of three Israeli soldiers and a businessman were exchanged for over 400 prisoners on January 29, 2004.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Ahmed Yassin, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
2. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
3. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
4. [A 2009 Wikileaks document from the US embassy in Tel Aviv says that Israel is preparing for large scale war against Hamas or Hezbollah, and quotes the Israeli chief of staff as saying that the Israel Defense Forces must be prepared to stop the firing of rockets on Tel Aviv. ](/news/2011/01/2/a-2009-wikileaks-document-from-the-us-embassy-in-tel-aviv-says-that-israel-is-preparing-for-large-scale-war-against-hamas-or-hezbollah-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Hezbollah, Israel_
5. [ 20 Palestinians are killed by the Israeli Defense Forces including 14 fighters and five civilians, with 55 people wounded. Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar's son is killed. Dozens of rockets are fired into Israel by Hamas, landing in the town of Sderot, injuring 4 Israelis. An Ecuadorian laborer is also shot and killed by Hamas. ](/news/2008/01/15/20-palestinians-are-killed-by-the-israeli-defense-forces-including-14-fighters-and-five-civilians-with-55-people-wounded-hamas-leader-mah.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
6. [ Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. ](/news/2007/09/27/israeli-forces-pull-back-from-the-northern-gaza-strip-after-a-two-day-raid-that-was-prompted-by-the-firing-of-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-she.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
7. [ The Syrian government may sign an agreement in which it will recognize Israel and end its support for Hezbollah and Hamas in return for Israeli withdrawal from most of the Golan Heights. ](/news/2007/01/15/the-syrian-government-may-sign-an-agreement-in-which-it-will-recognize-israel-and-end-its-support-for-hezbollah-and-hamas-in-return-for-isr.md) _Context: Hamas, Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [ Six Palestinians from the armed wing of the militant group Hamas have been killed in an Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip, Palestinian officials say. ](/news/2006/10/14/six-palestinians-from-the-armed-wing-of-the-militant-group-hamas-have-been-killed-in-an-israeli-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-palestinian.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
9. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
