### [2015-03-20](/news/2015/03/20/index.md)

# 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Severe Tropical Cyclone Nathan makes landfall on Cape York Peninsula in far North Queensland as a category 4 (Australian system). 

Tropical Cyclone Nathan is downgraded to a category three system after making landfall in far north Queensland earlier today.


### Source:

1. [ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-03-20/live-tropical-cyclone-nathan-category-four-system-landfall/6332530)

### Related:

1. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Tropical Cyclone Nathan intensifies to a Category 2 system as it nears Cape York Peninsula in the north of the Australian state of Queensland. ](/news/2015/03/11/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-tropical-cyclone-nathan-intensifies-to-a-category-2-system-as-it-nears-cape-york-peninsula-in-th.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season, Cape York Peninsula_
2. [Accounts of sightings of animals thought to resemble the extinct thylacine, the largest known carnivorous marsupial of modern times, prompt a search in the Far North of the Australian state of Queensland. ](/news/2017/03/28/accounts-of-sightings-of-animals-thought-to-resemble-the-extinct-thylacine-the-largest-known-carnivorous-marsupial-of-modern-times-prompt.md) _Context: Far North_
3. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Cyclone Nathan makes landfall near Nhulunbuy in the Northern Territory as a high end Category 2 cyclone. ](/news/2015/03/22/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-nathan-makes-landfall-near-nhulunbuy-in-the-northern-territory-as-a-high-end-category-2.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
4. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Residents living on the east coast of the Northern Territory prepare for the second tropical cyclone to hit the area in a month as Tropical Cyclone Nathan is likely to make landfall tomorrow morning. ](/news/2015/03/21/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-residents-living-on-the-east-coast-of-the-northern-territory-prepare-for-the-second-tropical-cyc.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
5. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Authorities in the Australian state of Queensland prepare for the impact of Severe Tropical Cyclone Nathan which is forecast to make landfall near Cooktown early tomorrow morning. ](/news/2015/03/19/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-authorities-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-prepare-for-the-impact-of-severe-tropical-cycl.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
6. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Cyclone Nathan intensifies to a category 2 tropical cyclone (Australian scale) and is expected to make landfall near the Queensland town of Cooktown on March 19. ](/news/2015/03/18/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-nathan-intensifies-to-a-category-2-tropical-cyclone-australian-scale-and-is-expected-t.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
7. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Tropical Cyclone Olwyn intensifies with the potential to reach Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale before making landfall in Western Australia's Pilbara region on March 13. ](/news/2015/03/12/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-tropical-cyclone-olwyn-intensifies-with-the-potential-to-reach-category-3-on-the-saffir-simpson.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
8. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Cyclone Marcia makes landfall near Shoalwater Bay in central Queensland as a Category 5 tropical cyclone with wind gusts of up to 285 kilometres per hour. ](/news/2015/02/20/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-marcia-makes-landfall-near-shoalwater-bay-in-central-queensland-as-a-category-5-tropical.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
9. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. Cyclone Marcia is expected to strengthen to category 5 before making landfall in Central Queensland. ](/news/2015/02/19/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-marcia-is-expected-to-strengthen-to-category-5-before-making-landfall-in-central-queensl.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
10. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season. The Australian Bureau of Meteorology is predicting that a low pressure system in the Coral Sea will develop into tropical cyclone Marcia within 24 hours and bring heavy rain to South East Queensland with the potential to cause flooding. ](/news/2015/02/18/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-is-predicting-that-a-low-pressure-system-in-the-coral-sea-w.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
