### [2015-03-20](/news/2015/03/20/index.md)

# An ambush on Mexican police in Ocotlan, Jalisco state kills ten with none of the gunmen apprehended. 

Ten people were killed in a gunfight in western Mexico when suspected gang members ambushed a police convoy in one of the deadliest attacks on security forces since Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/20/us-mexico-violence-idUSKBN0MG28R20150320)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Patricia makes landfall at Playa Perula in Mexico's western Jalisco state . The storm strengthens into a powerful Category 5 hurricane with winds of 200 mph and gusts up to 245 mph. The NHC has called the storm "potentially catastrophic" for Mexico. Patricia is expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 12 inches, with isolated maximum amounts of 20 inches, through Saturday. These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mud slides. ](/news/2015/10/23/hurricane-patricia-makes-landfall-at-playa-perula-in-mexico-s-western-jalisco-state-the-storm-strengthens-into-a-powerful-category-5-hurr.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexico_
2. [At least nine Mexican police officers in the state of Jalisco are shot dead during an ambush with drug cartels, continuing a recent wave of violence connected to the Mexican Drug War. ](/news/2010/10/29/at-least-nine-mexican-police-officers-in-the-state-of-jalisco-are-shot-dead-during-an-ambush-with-drug-cartels-continuing-a-recent-wave-of.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexico_
3. [ Tropical Storm Paul forms off Mexico's west coast and forecasters predict it could strengthen into a hurricane and reach land within days. The storm is over the Pacific Ocean about 315 miles (500 km) south of Cabo Corrientes on the Jalisco coast. ](/news/2006/10/21/tropical-storm-paul-forms-off-mexico-s-west-coast-and-forecasters-predict-it-could-strengthen-into-a-hurricane-and-reach-land-within-days.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexico_
4. [Tsunami waves are reported in Mexico from the earthquake late yesterday with the biggest wave measuring 2.3 feet. ](/news/2017/09/8/tsunami-waves-are-reported-in-mexico-from-the-earthquake-late-yesterday-with-the-biggest-wave-measuring-2-3-feet.md) _Context: Mexico_
5. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: Mexico_
6. [Fifteen states sue the Trump administration for what they see as "racial animus" against Mexicans because most people covered under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals are from Mexico. ](/news/2017/09/7/fifteen-states-sue-the-trump-administration-for-what-they-see-as-racial-animus-against-mexicans-because-most-people-covered-under-the-defe.md) _Context: Mexico_
7. [A magnitude 8.1 earthquake is recorded 96 kilometers (60 miles) south of Pijijiapan, Chiapas, Mexico. This is Mexico's strongest quake since the 8.0 earthquake that hit the Greater Mexico City area in 1985. At least 26 deaths have been recorded.](/news/2017/09/7/a-magnitude-8-1-earthquake-is-recorded-96-kilometers-60-miles-south-of-pijijiapan-chiapas-mexico-this-is-mexico-s-strongest-quake-since.md) _Context: Mexico_
8. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Mexico_
9. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico_
10. [Mexican authorities say two suspected thieves died after a mob beat them and four others in Tlatlauquitepec, Puebla, Mexico. ](/news/2017/08/28/mexican-authorities-say-two-suspected-thieves-died-after-a-mob-beat-them-and-four-others-in-tlatlauquitepec-puebla-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico_
