### [2015-03-20](/news/2015/03/20/index.md)

# Islamic State releases a video showing the execution of three Kurdish peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq with threats to execute dozens more. 

Islamic State has published a video purporting to show the beheading of three Kurdish peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq by militants who threatened to kill &quot;dozens&quot; more of those being held captive.


### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2015/03/22/syrian-festival-attack-death-toll-now-45)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/20/us-mideast-crisis-islamicstate-beheading-idUSKBN0MG0VH20150320)

### Related:

1. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish Peshmerga_
2. [ Turkish fighter jets kill 19 suspected Kurdish militants in strikes on the Gara region in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/12/10/turkish-fighter-jets-kill-19-suspected-kurdish-militants-in-strikes-on-the-gara-region-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish_
3. [Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-three-simultaneous-at.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
4. [ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group's reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turkey-raising-concerns-about-the-groupa.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
5. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces discover a mass grave believed to contain the remains of more than 70 members of Iraq's Yazidi minority, mostly women, east of the recently liberated town of Sinjar. ](/news/2015/11/14/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-discover-a-mass-grave-believed-to-contain-the-remains-of-more-than-70-members-of-iraq-s-yazidi-minority-mostly-wom.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish Peshmerga_
6. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish Peshmerga_
7. [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
8. [Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
9. [The United States believes that ISIL used a sulfur mustard agent against Kurdish forces in Iraq earlier this week. date=December 2015](/news/2015/08/13/the-united-states-believes-that-isil-used-a-sulfur-mustard-agent-against-kurdish-forces-in-iraq-earlier-this-week-date-december-2015.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdish_
10. [ISIL claims responsibility for a bombing in central Iraqi city of Baquba that killed at least 30 people and injured 40 more. ](/news/2015/08/10/isil-claims-responsibility-for-a-bombing-in-central-iraqi-city-of-baquba-that-killed-at-least-30-people-and-injured-40-more.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraq_
