### [2015-03-20](/news/2015/03/20/index.md)

# The United States Food and Drug Administration approves genetically modified potatoes and apples. 

Genetically modified apples and potatoes approved by FDA


### Source:

1. [Mercury News](http://www.mercurynews.com/science/ci_27751473/genetically-modified-apples-and-potatoes-approved-by-fda)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.mercurynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/20150320__apples1.jpg?w=645&amp;h=429)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
4. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration names Taylor Farms as the source of cyclospora parasite tainted salads that sickened 223 diners in the US states of Nebraska and Iowa. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-names-taylor-farms-as-the-source-of-cyclospora-parasite-tainted-salads-that-sickened-223-dine.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the use of the drug Belimumab (Benlysta) to treat lupus, the first drug to be approved for this purpose in 56 years. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-use-of-the-drug-belimumab-benlysta-to-treat-lupus-the-first-drug-to-be-approv.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
7. [Surgeons at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia inject a spinal cord injury patient with embryonic stem cells in an experiment approved by United States Food and Drug Administration. ](/news/2010/10/11/surgeons-at-the-shepherd-center-in-atlanta-georgia-inject-a-spinal-cord-injury-patient-with-embryonic-stem-cells-in-an-experiment-approved.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
8. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration approves irradiation of lettuce and spinach to kill "E. coli" and other dangerous germs. ](/news/2008/08/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-irradiation-of-lettuce-and-spinach-to-kill-e-coli-and-other-dangerous-germs.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
9. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration finds the salmonella strain responsible for the 2008 United States salmonellosis outbreak in irrigation water at a serrano pepper at a farm in Nuevo Leon, Mexico. ](/news/2008/07/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-finds-the-salmonella-strain-responsible-for-the-2008-united-states-salmonellosis-outbreak-in.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
10. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration has received 167 reported incidents of Salmonellosis from eating tainted tomatoes in 17 states with New Mexico and Texas the worst affected areas. ](/news/2008/06/11/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-has-received-167-reported-incidents-of-salmonellosis-from-eating-tainted-tomatoes-in-17-stat.md) _Context: Food and Drug Administration, U.S._
