### [2015-03-20](/news/2015/03/20/index.md)

# To resolve claims they were misled about the company's subprime mortgage exposure, a U.S. District Court Judge, Laura Swain approves a settlement between shareholders and American multinational insurer AIG, providing for a payout of $970.5 million. 

American International Group Inc (AIG.N) shareholders won approval on Friday of a $970.5 million settlement resolving claims they were misled about its subprime mortgage exposure, leading to a liquidity crisis and $182.3 billion in federal bailouts.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/21/us-aig-classaction-settlement-idUSKBN0MG2E920150321)

### Related:

1. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: housing crisis_
2. [Reuters reports that the United States Department of Justice and JPMorgan Chase have reached a tentative $13 billion settlement on the issue of selling bad mortgage loans to investors, the practice that contributed to Subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2013/10/19/reuters-reports-that-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-jpmorgan-chase-have-reached-a-tentative-13-billion-settlement-on-the-issue.md) _Context: housing crisis_
3. [Standard & Poor's says it expects a lawsuit by the US government over its assessment of mortgage bonds prior to the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2013/02/5/standard-poor-s-says-it-expects-a-lawsuit-by-the-us-government-over-its-assessment-of-mortgage-bonds-prior-to-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis.md) _Context: housing crisis_
4. [AIG announces that it will not join a lawsuit against the U.S. government over the 2008 bailout. ](/news/2013/01/9/aig-announces-that-it-will-not-join-a-lawsuit-against-the-u-s-government-over-the-2008-bailout.md) _Context: AIG_
5. [AIG, the insurance giant that has recently paid the U.S. treasury back funds it received on "too big to fail" grounds in 2008, says that it may join a lawsuit against the U.S. for the supposedly harsh nature of the bailout terms. ](/news/2013/01/8/aig-the-insurance-giant-that-has-recently-paid-the-u-s-treasury-back-funds-it-received-on-too-big-to-fail-grounds-in-2008-says-that-it.md) _Context: AIG_
6. [The US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority reports that Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse have agreed to pay multi-million fines for subprime mortgage securities they sold in the lead up to the global financial crisis of 2008. ](/news/2011/05/26/the-us-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-reports-that-merrill-lynch-and-credit-suisse-have-agreed-to-pay-multi-million-fines-for-subpr.md) _Context: housing crisis_
7. [The Secretary of the Treasury of the U.S., Timothy Geithner, appears before a committee of the United States House of Representatives to discuss his actions in 2008, when he was the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in the rescue of troubled insurance industry giant AIG. ](/news/2010/01/27/the-secretary-of-the-treasury-of-the-u-s-timothy-geithner-appears-before-a-committee-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-to-dis.md) _Context: AIG_
8. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling releases details of a rescue package aimed at restoring confidence in British Banks. As part of the deal the British Government will provide 50bn of investment, provide a further 200bn in short term loans and guarantee up to 250bn of intra-bank loans ](/news/2008/10/8/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-releases-details-of-a-rescue-package-aimed-at-restoring-c.md) _Context: housing crisis_
9. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: Russia agrees to provide Iceland with emergency loans of 4 billion euros ($5.4 billion).](/news/2008/10/7/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-russia-agrees-to-provide-iceland-with-emergency-loans-of-4-billion-euros-5-4-billion.md) _Context: housing crisis_
10. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls by as much as 800.06 points, its biggest intraday drop on record; the Dow closed below the 10,000 mark for the first time since October 26, 2004. ](/news/2008/10/6/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-falls-by-as-much-as-800-06-points-its-biggest-intraday-drop-on-record-the-dow.md) _Context: housing crisis_
