### [2012-12-6](/news/2012/12/6/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. The chief of Afghanistan's intelligence service, Asadullah Khalid, is injured in an assassination attempt in the country's capital, Kabul. 

Head of intelligence Asadullah Khalid survives assassination attempt in the capital, in attack claimed by the Taliban.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia/2012/12/2012126135813500308.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan:. Two guards and an Afghan police officer are killed in coordinated suicide bombing attacks in Jalalabad and Logar Province in eastern Afghanistan, while a third such attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul is foiled. ](/news/2013/02/24/war-in-afghanistan-two-guards-and-an-afghan-police-officer-are-killed-in-coordinated-suicide-bombing-attacks-in-jalalabad-and-logar-provin.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, National Directorate of Security, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan:. A suicide bomber kills 5 in a targeted attack on a British embassy vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/11/27/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-5-in-a-targeted-attack-on-a-british-embassy-vehicle-in-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A suicide bomber attacks a foreign military convoy on the eastern outskirts of the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing at least three foreign soldiers, police and the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force. ](/news/2013/12/27/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-foreign-military-convoy-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-the-afghan-capital-kab.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A gunfight between Afghan and foreign soldiers on the outskirts of the capital Kabul, kills at least one Afghan serviceman and injures a number of other soldiers. ](/news/2013/10/26/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-gunfight-between-afghan-and-foreign-soldiers-on-the-outskirts-of-the-capital-kabul-kills-at-least-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A bomb explodes in the Afghan capital of Kabul killing three people and wounding six. ](/news/2013/06/18/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-bomb-explodes-in-the-afghan-capital-of-kabul-killing-three-people-and-wounding-six.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby. Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. ](/news/2013/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-seven-heavily-armed-taliban-militants-launch-a-coordinated-attack-near-the-main-international-airport.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Many people are killed in two suicide bombings in Afghanistan, at least fifteen of which are killed in the capital Kabul when a suicide bomber from Hizb-i-Islami, a Taliban affiliate, targeted a convoy carrying foreign troops, injuring another 40. ](/news/2013/05/16/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-many-people-are-killed-in-two-suicide-bombings-in-afghanistan-at-least-fifteen-of-which-are-killed-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan:. At least 19 people are killed by two suicide bombings in the Afghan capital, Kabul, and in Khost Province, as Chuck Hagel, the United States Secretary of Defense, visits the city. ](/news/2013/03/9/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-19-people-are-killed-by-two-suicide-bombings-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-and-in-khost-province-as-chuck-hag.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. The Afghan National Directorate of Security headquarters in Kabul are attacked by a team of suicide bombers, leaving a security guard dead and 17 others injured. ](/news/2013/01/16/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-afghan-national-directorate-of-security-headquarters-in-kabul-are-attacked-by-a-team-of-suicide-bo.md) _Context: Kabul, National Directorate of Security, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A NATO adviser is shot dead by a woman in police uniform in Kabul, and at least five Afghan policemen are killed by another officer in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/24/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-nato-adviser-is-shot-dead-by-a-woman-in-police-uniform-in-kabul-and-at-least-five-afghan-policemen.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
