### [2016-02-14](/news/2016/02/14/index.md)

# Saudi air defenses intercept a Scud missile fired from Yemen as it headed towards the city of Khamis Mushait, in the southwestern 'Asir Region. 

A United Arab Emirates soldier was killed and another was wounded while fighting in Yemen as part of a Saudi-led military coalition, state news agency WAM reported on Sunday, citing the army general command.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-idUSKCN0VN0EB)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/saudi-arabia-shoots-down-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen/2016/02/14/cc181a6a-d2ff-11e5-a65b-587e721fb231_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A Scud missile fired from Yemen is intercepted over Saudi Arabia. The missile's target is believed to have been the King Khalid Air Base, near the city of Khamis Mushait. ](/news/2016/02/8/a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-is-intercepted-over-saudi-arabia-the-missile-s-target-is-believed-to-have-been-the-king-khalid-air-base-ne.md) _Context: Khamis Mushait, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Scud, Yemen_
2. [Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-retaliation-to-saudi-war-crimes-a-spokesman-for-yemen-s-military.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Scud, Yemen_
3. [Houthi militants backed by Yemeni troops reportedly seize control of al-Rabu'ah, a town in Saudi Arabia's southwestern Asir region near the Yemeni border, forcing Saudi forces to pull out of the area. ](/news/2015/09/15/houthi-militants-backed-by-yemeni-troops-reportedly-seize-control-of-al-rabuaah-a-town-in-saudi-arabia-s-southwestern-asir-region-near-th.md) _Context: 'Asir Region, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-from-noon.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in-western-yemen-has-risen-to-26-people.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-the-airstrikes-come-just-da.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
