### [2016-02-14](/news/2016/02/14/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Saudi air defenses intercept a Scud missile fired from Yemen as it headed towards the city of Khamis Mushait, in the southwestern 'Asir Region. 

A United Arab Emirates soldier was killed and another was wounded while fighting in Yemen as part of a Saudi-led military coalition, state news agency WAM reported on Sunday, citing the army general command.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-idUSKCN0VN0EB)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/saudi-arabia-shoots-down-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen/2016/02/14/cc181a6a-d2ff-11e5-a65b-587e721fb231_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Scud missile fired from Yemen is intercepted over Saudi Arabia. The missile's target is believed to have been the King Khalid Air Base, near the city of Khamis Mushait. ](/news/2016/02/8/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-is-intercepted-over-saudi-arabia-the-missile-s-target-is-believed.md) _Context: Khamis Mushait, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Scud, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-re.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Scud, Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Houthi militants backed by Yemeni troops reportedly seize control of al-Rabu-ah, a town in Saudi Arabia's southwestern Asir region near the Yemeni border, forcing Saudi forces to pull out of the area. ](/news/2015/09/15/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-houthi-militants-backed-by-yemeni-troops-reportedly-seize-control-of-al-rabu-ah-a-town-in-saudi.md) _Context: 'Asir Region, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
