### [2016-02-14](/news/2016/02/14/index.md)

# The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/magnitude-58-quake-shakes-new-zealand-city-of-christchurch/2016/02/13/a4939fa4-d2ba-11e5-90d3-34c2c42653ac_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No  damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake, magnitude earthquake_
2. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake, magnitude earthquake_
3. [The New Zealand city of Christchurch is hit by a magnitude 5.0 earthquake, an aftershock to the 2010 Canterbury earthquake. ](/news/2010/10/13/the-new-zealand-city-of-christchurch-is-hit-by-a-magnitude-5-0-earthquake-an-aftershock-to-the-2010-canterbury-earthquake.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand, earthquake_
4. [ A 7.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off South Island, New Zealand, generating brief fears of a small tsunami. ](/news/2009/07/15/a-7-6-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-south-island-new-zealand-generating-brief-fears-of-a-small-tsunami.md) _Context: New Zealand, earthquake, magnitude earthquake_
5. [At least eight homes are destroyed as a wildfire rages out of control in the Port Hills, in the southern outskirts of Christchurch, New Zealand. A pilot died when his helicopter crashed while fighting the fire. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-least-eight-homes-are-destroyed-as-a-wildfire-rages-out-of-control-in-the-port-hills-in-the-southern-outskirts-of-christchurch-new-zeal.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand_
6. [Four earthquakes of magnitude 5.1 or higher strike near Amatrice, Italy, forcing evacuation of some schools and the Rome Metro. No deaths are reported from the quakes.  ](/news/2017/01/18/four-earthquakes-of-magnitude-5-1-or-higher-strike-near-amatrice-italy-forcing-evacuation-of-some-schools-and-the-rome-metro-no-deaths-ar.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude earthquake_
7. [A 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes north of Christchurch, New Zealand, in the early hours Monday, triggering tsunami warnings and causing widespread damage. At least two people are reported killed. ](/news/2016/11/14/a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-north-of-christchurch-new-zealand-in-the-early-hours-monday-triggering-tsunami-warnings-and-causing-wi.md) _Context: Christchurch, New Zealand_
8. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
9. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua  not far from the Honduran border.  ''La Prensa'' reports the walls of a church collapsed in the  city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude earthquake_
10. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
