### [2008-12-26](/news/2008/12/26/index.md)

#  China's J-10B, the newest member of the Chengdu J-10 family (also known as the '''FC-20'''), makes a successful maiden flight at Chengdu. About 36-100 of these J-10Bs will be delivered to the Pakistani Air Force this year under the designation "FC-20"[http://cnair.top81.cn/J-10_J-11_FC-1.htm][http://forum.pakistanidefence.com/index.php?showtopic=79705].




### Related:

1. [China announces plans to build a railway linking the Tibetan capital Lhasa with Chengdu. ](/news/2016/03/5/china-announces-plans-to-build-a-railway-linking-the-tibetan-capital-lhasa-with-chengdu.md) _Context: Chengdu, China_
2. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
3. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing a pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-a-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-bel.md) _Context: China_
4. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: China_
5. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: China_
6. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: China_
7. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: China_
8. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: China_
10. [China's state-run ''Global Times'' newspaper reports the launching of the first Type 055 destroyer, a 10,000-ton "new generation" warship, at the Jiangnan Shipyard in Shanghai. ](/news/2017/06/28/china-s-state-run-global-times-newspaper-reports-the-launching-of-the-first-type-055-destroyer-a-10-000-ton-new-generation-warship-a.md) _Context: China_
