### [2010-08-29](/news/2010/08/29/index.md)

# A Palestinian man is killed by the collapse of a smuggling tunnel under the border between Egypt and the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5h0NtH-LxOgtbNjssSc4lUEE7PJNg)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Palestinian_
2. [ About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-militants-attack-egyptian-policemen-stationed-at-rafah-borde.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Palestinian_
3. [ According to witnesses, the Egyptian border patrol police opened fire at crowds swarming the Egypt-Gaza border at Rafah, killing a Palestinian man and injuring another. An Egyptian spokesman later denied that Egyptian troops fired the shots that killed the man. ](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-witnesses-the-egyptian-border-patrol-police-opened-fire-at-crowds-swarming-the-egypt-gaza-border-at-rafah-killing-a-palestin.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Palestinian_
4. [ Two Israelis, one a soldier in the Combat Engineering Corps, and one a civilian, are wounded by a Palestinian sniper in an attack on Philadelphi Route of the southern Gaza Strip, close to the Egyptian border. The Popular Resistance Committees claims responsibility. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/566451.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/18/two-israelis-one-a-soldier-in-the-combat-engineering-corps-and-one-a-civilian-are-wounded-by-a-palestinian-sniper-in-an-attack-on-philad.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops pull back in Gaza. Israel will continue to demolish tunnels. The Israeli army states it discovers three tunnels in the camp, but no weapons have been found. A Palestinian teenager is shot dead and up to 10 homes were demolished and [ater and electricity facilities were hit. Palestinian militants were seeking to smuggle from Egypt shoulder-fired missiles that could be used against tanks, helicopters, and fighter jets.](/news/2003/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-pull-back-in-gaza-israel-will-continue-to-demolish-tunnels-the-israeli-army-states-it-discov.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Palestinian_
6. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
7. [An airstrike hits a tunnel in the Gaza Strip near the Egyptian border, killing at least two people and injuring five more. It is unclear who launched the airstrike. ](/news/2017/02/9/an-airstrike-hits-a-tunnel-in-the-gaza-strip-near-the-egyptian-border-killing-at-least-two-people-and-injuring-five-more-it-is-unclear-who.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
8. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
9. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
10. [Egypt opens its border with the Gaza Strip temporarily for the first time in months. Egypt blames Hamas for the Sinai insurgency. ](/news/2015/06/13/egypt-opens-its-border-with-the-gaza-strip-temporarily-for-the-first-time-in-months-egypt-blames-hamas-for-the-sinai-insurgency.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza_
