### [2010-08-29](/news/2010/08/29/index.md)

# The Palestinian Authority launches a United States-funded advertising campaign supporting peace talks with Israel. 

PA launches campaign to sell peace talks to Palestinians and Israelis.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=186394)

### Related:

1. [US Secretary of State, John Kerry, announces that Israeli and Palestinian officials have agreed to resume negotiations for a peace agreement. ](/news/2013/07/30/us-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-announces-that-israeli-and-palestinian-officials-have-agreed-to-resume-negotiations-for-a-peace-agreement.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority, resume negotiations_
2. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: American, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
3. [A second round of Middle East peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority concludes in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt. ](/news/2010/09/14/a-second-round-of-middle-east-peace-talks-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-concludes-in-sharm-el-sheikh-egypt.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority, resume negotiations_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: American, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
5. [Colonel Rashid Abu Shbak of the Palestinian Authority, said that information was still coming in and the investigating team had been upgraded, but he had no new leads on who was behind the bombing attack of an American diplomatic convoy on October 15, 2002. Three people died in the attack.  U.S. officials have been stopped from going to Gaza since the attack. No decision has been made yet on when they might be allowed to return. Col. Shbak blamed Israel for the lack of progress in the investigation.[http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=4169415]](/news/2004/01/20/colonel-rashid-abu-shbak-of-the-palestinian-authority-said-that-information-was-still-coming-in-and-the-investigating-team-had-been-upgrade.md) _Context: American, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warns the Palestinian Authority that Israel will take unilateral steps to separate from the Palestinians unless there is progress on the road map peace plan and sets a deadline of "a few months" for Palestinian compliance. The speech is strongly criticised by the United States, the Israeli left, the Jewish settler movement and the Palestinians. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3332361.stm]](/news/2003/12/18/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-warns-the-palestinian-authority-that-israel-will-take-unilateral-steps-to-separate-from-the-palestinian.md) _Context: American, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
7. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
8. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: American, Israel_
9. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: American, Israel_
10. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: American, Israel_
