### [2006-11-4](/news/2006/11/4/index.md)

#  Two women have been killed as Israeli troops opened fire on a crowd of women gathered to help besieged gunmen flee a mosque in Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/28281EF3-0276-4DED-B367-B74C0DAFDE89.htm)
2. [BBC NEWS](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6112386.stm)

### Related:

1. [An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadliest-day-since-israel-launched-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, mosque_
2. [Two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine are killed and another six wounded by Israeli shelling as they approached the Gaza Strip-Israel border near Beit Hanoun. A ten-year-old girl is also wounded. ](/news/2010/07/21/two-palestinian-militants-of-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-are-killed-and-another-six-wounded-by-israeli-shelling-as-they-approach.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel_
3. [ An Israeli airstrike on the mosque in the Gaza Strip village of Beit Lahia kills at least 13 people. ](/news/2009/01/3/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-mosque-in-the-gaza-strip-village-of-beit-lahia-kills-at-least-13-people.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, mosque_
4. [ The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-in-an-operation-in-northern-gaza-according-to-the-israel.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel_
7. [ Israeli troops, backed by tanks and other military vehicles, enter the northern Gaza Strip city of Jabaliya, and the nearby towns of Beit Hanoun and Beit Lahiya. At least five Palestinians are killed by Israeli rocket strikes on Jabaliya. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3706224.stm (BBC)] [http://www.guardian.co.uk/israel/Story/0,2763,1318164,00.html (The Guardian)] The Israeli military releases unmanned drone [http://www1.idf.il/SIP_STORAGE/DOVER/files/7/34147.wmv footage] of the Gaza Strip showing what Israel says are Palestinian militants loading rockets into a van marked "UN". The UN dismisses the claim, saying that the footage actually shows a stretcher being loaded into a van. [http://www.islam-online.net/English/News/2004-10/03/article02.shtml (Islam Online)] (Haaretz: [http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/483950.html 1], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/484003.html 2])](/news/2004/10/1/israeli-troops-backed-by-tanks-and-other-military-vehicles-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-city-of-jabaliya-and-the-nearby-towns-of-beit-h.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel_
8. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
9. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
10. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
