### [2014-07-22](/news/2014/07/22/index.md)

# Donbass war:. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), guardian of the Geneva Convention, makes a confidential legal assessment that Ukraine is officially in a war, Western diplomats and officials say, opening the door to possible war crimes prosecutions, including over the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. 

The Red Cross has made a confidential legal assessment that Ukraine is officially in a war, Western diplomats and officials say, opening the door to possible war crimes prosecutions, including over the downing of Malaysia Airlines MH-17.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/22/us-ukraine-crisis-warcrimes-idUSKBN0FR0V920140722)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Ukraine_
2. [Debris from a Buk surface-to-air missile is found at an unspecified location in eastern Ukraine. According to the Dutch Safety Board and the Dutch prosecutor overseeing the criminal investigation, it may have come from a Buk (possibly of Russian origin) fired by rebel fighters, accidentally or purposefully, in the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. The investigation remains classified. ](/news/2015/08/11/debris-from-a-buk-surface-to-air-missile-is-found-at-an-unspecified-location-in-eastern-ukraine-according-to-the-dutch-safety-board-and-the.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Ukraine_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. The bodies and ashes of twenty Malaysian victims who died when the flight was shot down over Ukraine in July have been returned to Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2014/08/22/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-the-bodies-and-ashes-of-twenty-malaysian-victims-who-died-when-the-flight-was-shot-down-over-ukraine-in-july-ha.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Ukraine_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17:. Forensic experts in Kharkiv, Ukraine begin identifying the victims of the crash, with only 200 bodies delivered out of the 282 pro-Russian separatists claim to have sent. ](/news/2014/07/22/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-forensic-experts-in-kharkiv-ukraine-begin-identifying-the-victims-of-the-crash-with-only-200-bodies-delivere.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, Ukraine_
5. [2014 insurgency in Donbass:. US President Barack Obama says the United States has "increasing confidence" that the missile that shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 came from Russian separatists in Ukraine - and that Russia bears responsibility for the crisis. ](/news/2014/07/18/2014-insurgency-in-donbass-us-president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-has-increasing-confidence-that-the-missile-that-shot-down-ma.md) _Context: Donbass war, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
6. [2014 insurgency in Donbass:. Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 carrying 298 people from multiple countries is shot down near Hrabove in Donetsk Oblast, on a flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2014/07/17/2014-insurgency-in-donbass-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-carrying-298-people-from-multiple-countries-is-shot-down-near-hrabove-in-donetsk-ob.md) _Context: Donbass war, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17_
7. [Libyan Civil War. The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/libyan-civil-war-the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-followin.md) _Context: war crime_
8. [2017 North Korea crisis. The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: Ukraine_
9. [War in Donbass. Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: Ukraine_
10. [War in Donbass. Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: Ukraine_
