### [2014-07-22](/news/2014/07/22/index.md)

# Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. (''Halbig v. Burwell'') Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. 

Millions of Americans are ineligible for law&rsquo;s tax subsidies, Appeals Court panel rules.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/federal-appeals-court-panel-deals-major-blow-to-health-law/2014/07/22/c86dd2ce-06a5-11e4-bbf1-cc51275e7f8f_story.html?tid=pm_pop)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: United States, appeals court_
2. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, United States_
3. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: United States, appeals court_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear certain major religious freedom cases that will decide whether a company that is for-profit (including family-run ones)- and other entities who are not themselves churches- can refuse to provide contraceptive coverage that would otherwise be required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; lower courts are split. ](/news/2013/11/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-certain-major-religious-freedom-cases-that-will-decide-whether-a-company-that-is-for-profit-including.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, appeals court_
5. [The United States Government announces that 106,185 people signed up for health insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act during its first month of release on October. ](/news/2013/11/13/the-united-states-government-announces-that-106-185-people-signed-up-for-health-insurance-through-the-health-insurance-marketplace-as-part-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States_
6. [The Governor of Alaska Sean Parnell says that he will not implement the United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act after a Florida judge ruled it was unconstitutional. ](/news/2011/02/17/the-governor-of-alaska-sean-parnell-says-that-he-will-not-implement-the-united-states-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-after-a-flo.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States_
7. [United States President Barack Obama signs the health care reform bill into law. ](/news/2010/03/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-signs-the-health-care-reform-bill-into-law.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States_
8. [ The Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rules that Hozaifa Parhat, a Chinese Uyghur militant currently detained at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, cannot be ruled an "enemy combatant" because he never took up arms against the United States. ](/news/2008/06/23/the-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-rules-that-hozaifa-parhat-a-chinese-uyghur-militant-currently-detained-at-the-guantanamo-bay-det.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, United States_
9. [In its third strike near the town of Al-Tanf in recent weeks, the United States bombs Syrian government and allied troops, striking two out of three technical vehicles about 24 miles from the U.S. Coalition's At-Tanf base in Southern Syria. ](/news/2017/06/8/in-its-third-strike-near-the-town-of-al-tanf-in-recent-weeks-the-united-states-bombs-syrian-government-and-allied-troops-striking-two-out.md) _Context: United States_
10. [An explosive device is hurled at the United States embassy in Kiev. ](/news/2017/06/8/an-explosive-device-is-hurled-at-the-united-states-embassy-in-kiev.md) _Context: United States_
