### [2009-08-27](/news/2009/08/27/index.md)

#  Judges at the Supreme Court of India agree to make their financial assets public. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/south_asia/8223745.stm)
2. [Press Trust of India](http://www.ptinews.com/news/250488_Decision-of-SC-judges-to-declare-assets-welcomed)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
2. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
3. [In a landmark ruling, the Supreme Court of India recognizes transgender as a "third gender". ](/news/2014/04/15/in-a-landmark-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-india-recognizes-transgender-as-a-third-gender.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
4. [India's Supreme Court clears the way for the execution of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, a Sikh militant, rejecting his appeal for his sentence to be commuted to life imprisonment. ](/news/2013/04/12/india-s-supreme-court-clears-the-way-for-the-execution-of-devinder-pal-singh-bhullar-a-sikh-militant-rejecting-his-appeal-for-his-sentence.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
5. [India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec (Imatinib), amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to cheap generic versions of drugs in poorer countries. ](/news/2013/04/1/india-s-supreme-court-rejects-a-plea-by-novartis-to-patent-an-updated-version-of-its-cancer-drug-glivec-imatinib-amid-concerns-that-a-pa.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
6. [India's Supreme Court sentences actor and politician Sanjay Dutt to 5 years in prison over illegal arms possession, related to the 1993 Mumbai bombings. The death sentence of Yakub Memon, convicted mastermind of the bombings, has been upheld. ](/news/2013/03/21/india-s-supreme-court-sentences-actor-and-politician-sanjay-dutt-to-5-years-in-prison-over-illegal-arms-possession-related-to-the-1993-mumb.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
7. [ India's Supreme Court judges disclose their assets online. ](/news/2009/11/3/india-s-supreme-court-judges-disclose-their-assets-online.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
