### [2009-08-27](/news/2009/08/27/index.md)

#  Mali's parliament is to review a law giving women greater rights after thousands of Muslims protested the proposed law. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gwGNmJom4AcQ-coI9CywEKWOebDw)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/8223736.stm)

### Related:

1. [The tomb of Muslim saint Sidi Mahmoud Ben Amar, part of the  World Heritage Site in Timbuktu, Mali, is attacked and burned by Islamist fighters. ](/news/2012/05/7/the-tomb-of-muslim-saint-sidi-mahmoud-ben-amar-part-of-the-world-heritage-site-in-timbuktu-mali-is-attacked-and-burned-by-islamist-fight.md) _Context: Mali, Muslim_
2. [At least thirty people are killed in a stampede at a Mali stadium following a sermon by a leading Muslim imam. ](/news/2011/02/21/at-least-thirty-people-are-killed-in-a-stampede-at-a-mali-stadium-following-a-sermon-by-a-leading-muslim-imam.md) _Context: Mali, Muslim_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
4. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: Muslim_
5. [Gunmen storm a popular tourist resort near the Malian capital, Bamako. At least two people are reportedly killed. Malian troops and France's Operation Barkhane counter-terrorist force are at the site. ](/news/2017/06/18/gunmen-storm-a-popular-tourist-resort-near-the-malian-capital-bamako-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-malian-troops-and-france-s.md) _Context: Mali_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
7. [A suicide bomber detonates a vehicle full of explosives at a military camp in Gao, Mali, killing at least 76 people and wounding scores more in Mali's deadliest terrorist attack in history. ](/news/2017/01/18/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-a-vehicle-full-of-explosives-at-a-military-camp-in-gao-mali-killing-at-least-76-people-and-wounding-scores-more.md) _Context: Mali_
8. [Aftermath of the President-elect Adama Barrow travels to the Malian capital of Bamako to meet with world leaders after yesterday's failed attempts at persuading incumbent president Yahya Jammeh to step down at the end of his term. ](/news/2017/01/14/aftermath-of-the-president-elect-adama-barrow-travels-to-the-malian-capital-of-bamako-to-meet-with-world-leaders-after-yesterday-s-failed-at.md) _Context: Mali_
9. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [Mali returns two people France deported on the same planes they arrived on. ](/news/2016/12/30/mali-returns-two-people-france-deported-on-the-same-planes-they-arrived-on.md) _Context: Mali_
