### [2009-08-27](/news/2009/08/27/index.md)

#  Russia deploys an S-400 anti-missile defence system close to its border with North Korea. 




### Source:

1. [Tehran Times](http://www.tehrantimes.com/index_View.asp?code=201911)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/aug/27/russia-north-korea-nuclear-missile-defence)

### Related:

1. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
2. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
3. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: Russia, missile defense shield_
4. [Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea.  China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile  delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-third-country-such-as-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
5. [More than 50 heads of state as well as representatives from international organizations attend the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., with the notable exception of Russia, which declined to attend. The main agenda of the two-day gathering is the discussion of North Korea and the threat it poses with its nuclear weapons and the possibility of ISIS extremists getting a nuclear weapon. ](/news/2016/03/31/more-than-50-heads-of-state-as-well-as-representatives-from-international-organizations-attend-the-annual-nuclear-security-summit-in-washing.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
6. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
7. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
8. [North Korean propaganda videos show that they have developed a cruise missile similar to the Russian Kh-35 model. ](/news/2014/06/17/north-korean-propaganda-videos-show-that-they-have-developed-a-cruise-missile-similar-to-the-russian-kh-35-model.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea deploys two warships with Aegis missile-defense systems as a precautionary measure, following reports that North Korea had repositioned intermediate-range ballistic missiles to its east coast a day earlier. ](/news/2013/04/5/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-deploys-two-warships-with-aegis-missile-defense-systems-as-a-precautionary-measure-following-reports-that-n.md) _Context: North Korea, missile defense shield_
10. [2013 Korean crisis: North Korea declares it is in a state of war with South Korea, and will conduct any further dealings under "wartime regulations". Russia urges calm on both sides. North Korea threatens to shut down the industrial plant in Kaesong, on the border with South Korea. ](/news/2013/03/30/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-declares-it-is-in-a-state-of-war-with-south-korea-and-will-conduct-any-further-dealings-under-wartime-regu.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
