### [2009-08-27](/news/2009/08/27/index.md)

#  The United Nations Special Rapporteur on indigenous rights, James Anaya, says the Australian government intervention in Aboriginal areas is "discriminatory". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/8223881.stm)
2. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,25989388-26103,00.html)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2009-08/27/content_11954154.htm)

### Related:

1. [The government of the Australian external territory of Norfolk Island announces it is going to take its governance issue to the United Nations. Former and final Chief Minister of the island Lisle Snell said he seeks to have Norfolk Island added on the UN's list of Non-Self-Governing Territories and be given the rights that are accorded under the terms and conditions of being on the list. In 2015, the Australian government terminated Norfolk Island's self-governing status in response to serious financial issues but without the islanders' or government's consent. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-government-of-the-australian-external-territory-of-norfolk-island-announces-it-is-going-to-take-its-governance-issue-to-the-united-natio.md) _Context: Australia, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations appoints a three-member panel led by Australian High Court judge Michael Kirby to investigate alleged human rights breaches in North Korea. ](/news/2013/05/8/the-united-nations-appoints-a-three-member-panel-led-by-australian-high-court-judge-michael-kirby-to-investigate-alleged-human-rights-breach.md) _Context: Australia, United Nations_
3. [The members of the United Nations are scheduled to decide on Australian diplomat Peter Woolcott's draft for the first ever treaty to regulate the conventional arms trade. ](/news/2013/03/28/the-members-of-the-united-nations-are-scheduled-to-decide-on-australian-diplomat-peter-woolcott-s-draft-for-the-first-ever-treaty-to-regulat.md) _Context: Australia, United Nations_
4. [A media advisor to Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard resigns after leaked information that led to a confrontation between Australian Aborigines and Gillard yesterday. ](/news/2012/01/27/a-media-advisor-to-australian-prime-minister-julia-gillard-resigns-after-leaked-information-that-led-to-a-confrontation-between-australian-a.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Aborigines_
5. [Australian police are condemned for their failure to treat the 2007 death of an Aboriginal boy found weighted with rocks in a waterhole as anything other than an accident in Borroloola, Northern Territory. ](/news/2011/04/9/australian-police-are-condemned-for-their-failure-to-treat-the-2007-death-of-an-aboriginal-boy-found-weighted-with-rocks-in-a-waterhole-as-a.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Aborigines_
6. [ Vitit Muntarbhorn, United Nations Special Rapporteur for North Korea, says the country should improve its "abysmal" rights record, adding it should provide food to over 8 million citizens. ](/news/2009/10/23/vitit-muntarbhorn-united-nations-special-rapporteur-for-north-korea-says-the-country-should-improve-its-abysmal-rights-record-adding-i.md) _Context: Special Rapporteur, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
