### [2003-02-7](/news/2003/02/7/index.md)

#  Israeli police said they had found a suicide bomber's explosives belt hidden in a mosque in Israel, and said it was the first such discovery since the al-Aqsa Intifada began more than two years ago.




### Related:

1. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis. A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-israe.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
2. [ The Israeli Shin Bet (SHABAK) states that one month ago it arrested an alleged eight-member Palestinian militant cell in Nablus that included four teenage would-be suicide bombers. It claimed that the cell was part of Fatah (the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority), and that the Lebanese group Hezbollah was behind it. ](/news/2005/06/15/the-israeli-shin-bet-shabak-states-that-one-month-ago-it-arrested-an-alleged-eight-member-palestinian-militant-cell-in-nablus-that-includ.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
3. [ Israel arrests a 15-year-old Palestinian at a Hawara checkpoint, near Nablus, wearing a suicide bomb belt. ](/news/2005/05/22/israel-arrests-a-15-year-old-palestinian-at-a-hawara-checkpoint-near-nablus-wearing-a-suicide-bomb-belt.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel launches a large offensive against the city of Rafah dubbed Operation Rainbow, cutting it off from the rest of Gaza. Amnesty International has called on Israel to stop and accused it of committing war crimes by its destruction of more than 3,000 Palestinian homes in Israel and the occupied territories since the intifada began three and a half years ago. ](/news/2004/05/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-large-offensive-against-the-city-of-rafah-dubbed-operation-rainbow-cutting-it-off-from-the.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Intifada, Israel_
5. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
6. [ Two suicide bombers kill 10 people in Ashdod, Israel. ](/news/2004/03/14/two-suicide-bombers-kill-10-people-in-ashdod-israel.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
7. [ Reem El-Reyashi, a Palestinian suicide bomber, kills four border guards at the Erez Crossing. She is the first female suicide bomber used by Hamas. Four months before, Israel targeted Hamas leadership, including Ahmed Yassin, as a result Hamas halted all suicide bombing for four months. Jack Kelley, USA TODAY foreign correspondent and a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize just two years ago, was forced to resign after the newspaper determined he repeatedly misled editors during an internal investigation into stories he wrote. Among the stories that are being investigated is one published September 4, 2001, contains an account of an attack on Palestinians by 13 Jewish settlers in the West Bank. Mark Memmott, the reporter asked to investigate Kelley, said he could not find anyone with first-hand knowledge of the attack.](/news/2004/01/14/reem-el-reyashi-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-four-border-guards-at-the-erez-crossing-she-is-the-first-female-suicide-bomber-used-b.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber blows herself up in a crowded beach restaurant in the northern Israeli port city of Haifa, killing at least 19 people and wounding about two dozen, at least six seriously. Hours later Israeli helicopter gunships retaliate by attacking targets in Gaza City and Central Gaza.](/news/2003/10/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-blows-herself-up-in-a-crowded-beach-restaurant-in-the-northern-israeli-port-city.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills at least 8 Israelis and seriously wounds 15 others at a bus stop near Rishon LeZion. Several hours later this is followed by a second suicide bombing at a Jerusalem caf, in which 7 more people are killed and dozens are wounded.](/news/2003/09/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-8-israelis-and-seriously-wounds-15-others-at-a-bus-stop-near-rish.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
10. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bomber_
