### [2003-02-7](/news/2003/02/7/index.md)

#  President George W. Bush ordered the government to draw up guidelines for cyber-attacks against enemy computer networks, according to a Washington Post report. The order is known as National Security Presidential Directive 16.




### Related:

1. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
2. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-uni.md) _Context: Washington Post_
3. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-prison.md) _Context: Washington Post_
4. [Iranian State television reports that court spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i clarified the Iranian-American reporter's verdict -- "Washington Post's" Jason Rezaian was convicted in a closed-door espionage trial that ended two months ago. Details remain unknown. Rezaian faced four charges; it's not clear whether he was convicted of all charges nor what sentence was imposed. Leila Ahsan, Rezaian's lawyer, also had not received the verdict as of Sunday. Post executive editor Martin Baron says they will appeal. ](/news/2015/10/12/iranian-state-television-reports-that-court-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje-i-clarified-the-iranian-american-reporter-s-verdict-was.md) _Context: Washington Post_
5. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Washington Post_
6. [Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the "Washington Post" claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. ](/news/2015/06/4/associated-press-reports-that-there-has-been-a-massive-hack-from-the-american-office-of-personnel-management-and-us-department-of-the-interi.md) _Context: Washington Post_
7. [Three American citizens have been detained in Iran this week including "Washington Post" correspondent Jason Rezaian. Rezaian's Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi has also been detained. ](/news/2014/07/24/three-american-citizens-have-been-detained-in-iran-this-week-including-washington-post-correspondent-jason-rezaian-rezaian-s-iranian-wife.md) _Context: Washington Post_
8. [The "Washington Post" and "The Guardian" newspapers win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their stories on the National Security Agency based on leaks from Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/04/14/the-washington-post-and-the-guardian-newspapers-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-their-stories-on-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
