### [2003-02-7](/news/2003/02/7/index.md)

#  The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ In an interview published today, former U.S. and U.N. weapons inspector David Kay says that President George W. Bush and his administration should admit the United States was wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. "It's about confronting and coming clean with the American people," he said. ](/news/2004/03/3/in-an-interview-published-today-former-u-s-and-u-n-weapons-inspector-david-kay-says-that-president-george-w-bush-and-his-administration.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ Iraq and weapons of mass destruction: The world continues to digest David Kay's report that finds very little evidence of Weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, although the regime did intend to develop more weapons with additional capabilities. Such plans and programs appear to have been dormant, the existence of these were also concealed from the United Nations during the inspections that began in 2002. Weapons inspectors in Iraq do find clandestine ""network of biological laboratories"" and a deadly strain of botulinum. The US-sponsored search for WMD has so far cost $300 million and is projected to cost around $600 million more.](/news/2003/10/3/iraq-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-world-continues-to-digest-david-kay-s-report-that-finds-very-little-evidence-of-weapons-of-mass-d.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations, weapons of mass destruction_
3. [ UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix and International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohammed El Baradei give a report to the United Nations Security Council. They say that progress on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is "inching forward" but that a more "pro-active" stance is required from the Iraqi government.](/news/2003/01/9/un-chief-weapons-inspector-hans-blix-and-international-atomic-energy-agency-head-mohammed-el-baradei-give-a-report-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Hans Blix, Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
4. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
5. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
