### [2009-08-14](/news/2009/08/14/index.md)

#  In Montevideo, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and President of Uruguay Tabare Vazquez sign a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations. 

Mexico president Felipe Calder&oacute;n and Uruguay&rsquo;s Tabare Vazquez signed on Friday in Montevideo a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations in the framework of the 2004 free trade agreement.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/15/mexicouruguay-sign-strategic-association-accord-and-advance-trade)

### Related:

1. [ Uruguayan President Tabare Vazquez calls for an integrated Mercosur with a greater number of countries to make it more competitive overseas, but also demands greater balance inside the group among members. ](/news/2009/09/18/uruguayan-president-tabara-c-va-zquez-calls-for-an-integrated-mercosur-with-a-greater-number-of-countries-to-make-it-more-competitive-overse.md) _Context: President, Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay_
2. [ President Tabare Vazquez of Uruguay shuffles his cabinet, with Gonzalo Fernandez, drafter of all major legislation, moving from Foreign Affairs to Defence. ](/news/2009/09/1/president-tabara-c-va-zquez-of-uruguay-shuffles-his-cabinet-with-gonzalo-ferna-ndez-drafter-of-all-major-legislation-moving-from-foreign.md) _Context: President, Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay_
3. [ On an official visit to Colombia, Mexican President Felipe Calderon offers his country-s mediation in the conflict between that country, Ecuador and Venezuela. ](/news/2009/08/13/on-an-official-visit-to-colombia-mexican-president-felipe-caldera3n-offers-his-country-s-mediation-in-the-conflict-between-that-country.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, Mexico, President_
4. [ Swine influenza outbreak:. President Felipe Calderon partially closes Mexico's economy for five days. ](/news/2009/04/30/swine-influenza-outbreak-president-felipe-caldera3n-partially-closes-mexico-s-economy-for-five-days.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, Mexico, President_
5. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
6. [Mexican Drug War. War on Drugs. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
7. [Mexican legislative election, 2015. Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
8. [Uruguayan general election. Voters in Uruguay go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election with former President Tabare Vazquez of the ruling Broad Front winning another term in government. ](/news/2014/11/30/uruguayan-general-election-voters-in-uruguay-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-with-former-presid.md) _Context: Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay_
9. [Felipe Calderon, the President of Mexico, asks Joe Biden, the vice-President of the United States for assistance in stopping the flow of money and weapons into Mexico. ](/news/2012/03/5/felipe-caldera3n-the-president-of-mexico-asks-joe-biden-the-vice-president-of-the-united-states-for-assistance-in-stopping-the-flow-of-mo.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, President_
10. [Two hospital nurses are arrested in the Uruguayan capital Montevideo in connection with the suspicious death of dozens of patients over several years at two hospitals. ](/news/2012/03/18/two-hospital-nurses-are-arrested-in-the-uruguayan-capital-montevideo-in-connection-with-the-suspicious-death-of-dozens-of-patients-over-seve.md) _Context: Montevideo, Uruguay_
