### [2004-05-16](/news/2004/05/16/index.md)

#  The Israeli army announces its intention to demolish hundreds of additional houses in the Rafah refugee camp in the Gaza Strip along the border with Egypt after the Supreme Court rejects a petition against the demolitions. In the past, the IDF has found dozens of tunnels hidden underneath homes allegedly used to smuggle guns, ammunition, explosives, fugitives, drugs and other illegal materials into Gaza. The court had previously issued a temporary injunction after 88 homes had been destroyed leaving more than 1000 people homeless (UNRWA figures disputed by the Israeli army). 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3719111.stm)
2. [Haaretz](https://web.archive.org/web/20040604132050/http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/427997.html)
3. [Maariv](https://web.archive.org/web/20040607211453/http://www.maarivintl.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=article&articleID=7387)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
2. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
3. [The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks-which-were-report.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
4. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
5. [Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egyptian-border-in.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
6. [ Thousands of Palestinians flee into Egypt, as the border wall with Gaza in Rafah is blown up by militants. ](/news/2008/01/23/thousands-of-palestinians-flee-into-egypt-as-the-border-wall-with-gaza-in-rafah-is-blown-up-by-militants.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
7. [ About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-militants-attack-egyptian-policemen-stationed-at-rafah-borde.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
8. [ Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)] Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer] The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)] An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)] Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)] The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc-former-philippine.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
9. [ According to witnesses, the Egyptian border patrol police opened fire at crowds swarming the Egypt-Gaza border at Rafah, killing a Palestinian man and injuring another. An Egyptian spokesman later denied that Egyptian troops fired the shots that killed the man. ](/news/2005/09/12/according-to-witnesses-the-egyptian-border-patrol-police-opened-fire-at-crowds-swarming-the-egypt-gaza-border-at-rafah-killing-a-palestin.md) _Context: Egypt's, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Egypt's, Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
