### [2010-05-19](/news/2010/05/19/index.md)

# An independent investigation concludes that a North Korean torpedo caused the sinking of the South Korean Cheonan warship Cheonan. 

The independent investigation into the sinking of the Cheonan has concluded that the vessel was sunk by an underwater explosion caused by a North Korean mid-sized torpedo containing 250 kg of high explosives. Yoon Deok Yong, the chief of the joint civilian-military joint investigation team reported the results this morning in a long-awaited Ministry of National Defense press conference, confirming, “Our investigation has arrived at the conclusion that the Cheonan was sunk by an underwater explosion caused by a North Korean torpedo.” Yoon concluded, “There is no other conclusion but to


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia_pacific/10124939.stm)
2. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/world/2010-05/19/content_9868705.htm)
3. [DailyNK](http://www.dailynk.com/english/read.php?cataId=nk00100&num=6392)
4. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2010/05/19/49/0301000000AEN20100519007300315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, announces that the United States will impose further sanctions against North Korea as a result of the sinking of the South Korean warship ROKS ''Cheonan''. ](/news/2010/07/21/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-the-united-states-will-impose-further-sanctions-against-north-korea-as.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
2. [North Korea asks the United Nations Security Council to investigate the sinking of the ''Cheonan''. Diplomats say South Korea wants the council to condemn North Korea. ](/news/2010/07/1/north-korea-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-investigate-the-sinking-of-the-cheonan-diplomats-say-south-korea-wants-the-coun.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
3. [North Korea threatens a military response if the United Nations Security Council questions or condemns it for the ROKS Cheonan sinking. North Korean UN Permanent Representative Sin Son Ho demands that a North Korean investigation team be allowed to travel to the site of the sinking. ](/news/2010/06/15/north-korea-threatens-a-military-response-if-the-united-nations-security-council-questions-or-condemns-it-for-the-roks-cheonan-sinking-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
4. [China encourages North Korea and South Korea  to avoid violent clashes in the aftermath of the sinking of a South Korean warship. ](/news/2010/05/30/china-encourages-north-korea-and-south-korea-to-avoid-violent-clashes-in-the-aftermath-of-the-sinking-of-a-south-korean-warship.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
5. [North Korea says it will scrap an accord aimed at preventing accidental naval clashes with South Korea after being blamed for a torpedo attack that sank a South Korean warship. ](/news/2010/05/27/north-korea-says-it-will-scrap-an-accord-aimed-at-preventing-accidental-naval-clashes-with-south-korea-after-being-blamed-for-a-torpedo-atta.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
6. [Sinking of the ROKS ''Cheonan'':South Korea cuts off trade with North Korea and announces that North Korean ships will no longer be allowed to use South Korean waters. The government demands an apology over the sinking. ](/news/2010/05/24/sinking-of-the-roks-cheonan-psouth-korea-cuts-off-trade-with-north-korea-and-announces-that-north-korean-ships-will-no-longer-be-allowed.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
7. [A South Korean Navy ship named the Cheonan, carrying more than 100 personnel sinks near the Northern Limit Line in waters off the country's west coast near North Korea. [http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2010/03/27/13/0301000000AEN20100327000100315F.HTML (Yonhap)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8589507.stm (BBC)] [http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0326/korea.html (RTE)] [http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/rest-of-world/South-Korea-navy-ship-sunk-near-North-Korea-border-Military/articleshow/5728798.cms (''The Times of India'')] An international team of investigators attributes the attack to a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/asia/article7131533.ece (The Times)].](/news/2010/03/26/a-south-korean-navy-ship-named-the-cheonan-carrying-more-than-100-personnel-sinks-near-the-northern-limit-line-in-waters-off-the-country-s.md) _Context: North Korea, sinking_
8. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
