### [2010-05-19](/news/2010/05/19/index.md)

# Ukraine and China are interested in cooperation in cargo transportation sphere. Konstyantyn Hryshchenko says this at the joint news conference with Foreign Minister of China Yang Jiechi. 




### Source:

1. [unian](http://www.unian.net/eng/news/news-377603.html)

### Related:

1. [ Yang Jiechi, the foreign minister of China, meets with Pranab Mukherjee, the Foreign Minister of India, to discuss India's aspirations to become a Permanent Member of the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2007/10/25/yang-jiechi-the-foreign-minister-of-china-meets-with-pranab-mukherjee-the-foreign-minister-of-india-to-discuss-india-s-aspirations-to-b.md) _Context: China, Yang_
2. [ The government of Ukraine admits that 18 Kh-55 Granat nuclear-capable cruise missiles (without warheads) were smuggled to Iran and China by arms dealers. ](/news/2005/03/18/the-government-of-ukraine-admits-that-18-kh-55-granat-nuclear-capable-cruise-missiles-without-warheads-were-smuggled-to-iran-and-china-by.md) _Context: China, Ukraine_
3. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
4. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
7. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: Ukraine_
8. [Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-arming-ukrainian-gove.md) _Context: Ukraine_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: China_
