### [2003-11-21](/news/2003/11/21/index.md)

#  In the pre-dawn hours RPGs are launched from donkey carts at two Baghdad hotels and the oil ministry building. Reports indicate slight damage and one casualty. Former senior U.S. intelligence official and UNSCOM inspector Scott Ritter urges the Parliament of the United Kingdom to investigate the questionable way in which units of British secret intelligence agencies massaged public opinion prior to war with Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: 36 U.S. soldiers have died in a single day in Iraq. A helicopter crash in western Iraq has claimed the lives of 30 U.S. marines and a sailor. It is the single worst loss of life for US forces since they invaded Iraq in March 2003. Elsewhere insurgents killed 4 US troops in Anbar, and another soldier was killed in Baghdad following an RPG attack. ](/news/2005/01/26/conflict-in-iraq-36-u-s-soldiers-have-died-in-a-single-day-in-iraq-a-helicopter-crash-in-western-iraq-has-claimed-the-lives-of-30-u-s-m.md) _Context: Baghdad, rocket-propelled grenades_
2. [ An explosion occurs at Baghdad's Sheraton Ishtar hotel, probably caused by a rocket-propelled grenade. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3347243.stm]](/news/2003/12/24/an-explosion-occurs-at-baghdad-s-sheraton-ishtar-hotel-probably-caused-by-a-rocket-propelled-grenade-http-news-bbc-co-uk-1-hi-world-mi.md) _Context: Baghdad, rocket-propelled grenades_
3. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Parliament_
4. [  A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-people-and-injures-24-isil-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Baghdad_
5. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
6. [A car bomb in Baghdad's southwestern Hayy Al-A'amel neighborhood kills at least 23 people, and wounds 45 others. ](/news/2017/03/20/a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-s-southwestern-hayy-al-a-amel-neighborhood-kills-at-least-23-people-and-wounds-45-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
7. [The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent-bombings-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad_
8. [A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-responsibility-for-the-bombing.md) _Context: Baghdad_
9. [A suicide bomber detonates a pick-up truck full of explosives at a busy street in northern Baghdad, killing at least nine people. ](/news/2017/02/15/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-a-pick-up-truck-full-of-explosives-at-a-busy-street-in-northern-baghdad-killing-at-least-nine-people.md) _Context: Baghdad_
10. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad_
