### [2016-02-8](/news/2016/02/8/index.md)

# At least 27 migrants die in a shipwreck in the Aegean Sea when a boat capsizes  in the Turkish bay of Edremit, near the Greek island of Lesbos. 

A migrant boat capsizes off Turkey, killing at least 27 people who were trying to reach the Greek island of Lesbos, Turkish media say.


### Source:

1. [ (news.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/world/breaking-news/migrant-boat-capsizes-near-turkey-23-dead/news-story/2131cdeb6fdf1d2fd601c815bae04096)
2. [ANSAmed](http://www.ansamed.info/ansamed/en/news/sections/generalnews/2016/02/08/migrants-at-least-33-dead-in-two-shipwrecks-in-aegean-sea_0673a290-c630-4e3d-a358-5526f73e154e.html?idPhoto=1)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35523235)
4. [Leadership](http://leadership.ng/news/499325/migrant-crisis-35-dead-off-turkey-two-boats-sink)

### Related:

1. [An extensive search is underway in the northeastern Aegean Sea off the Greek island of Lesbos for at least 34 people missing from a boat that sank yesterday. Some 242 people were rescued but eight died, five children, two men and a woman. ](/news/2015/10/29/an-extensive-search-is-underway-in-the-northeastern-aegean-sea-off-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-for-at-least-34-people-missing-from-a-boat-tha.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
2. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
3. [Clashes break out between migrants and riot police  at the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos after a policeman reportedly hit a minor. The violence occurred as  a Greek migration minister  was visiting the center. Several refugees/migrants are reported injured. ](/news/2016/04/26/clashes-break-out-between-migrants-and-riot-police-at-the-ma2ria-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-after-a-policeman-reportedly-hit-a-mino.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
4. [Pope Francis arrives on the Greek island of Lesbos. Francis is expected to visit the Moria detention facility, where he will have lunch with some of the 3,060 men, women, and children there. ](/news/2016/04/16/pope-francis-arrives-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-francis-is-expected-to-visit-the-moria-detention-facility-where-he-will-have-lunch-with.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
5. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Greek_
6. [A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos  in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-coast-killing-at-least-24.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Greek_
7. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Lesbos_
8. [Some 26 migrants are feared missing after a dinghy carrying them sinks off the coast of the Greek island of Lesbos. The Greek Coast Guard rescued 20 people who were spotted in the water by Frontex, EU's border agency. ](/news/2015/09/20/some-26-migrants-are-feared-missing-after-a-dinghy-carrying-them-sinks-off-the-coast-of-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-greek-coast-guard-re.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos_
10. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
