### [2016-02-8](/news/2016/02/8/index.md)

# Billy Kenoi, the mayor of Hawaii's Big Island, declares a state of emergency to deal with the growing outbreak of dengue fever, which is spread by infected mosquitoes. 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hawaii-dengue-emergency_us_56b92060e4b04f9b57dadece)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-hawaii-dengue-idUSKCN0VI0G2)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Ignacio, which has weakened to a Category 3 (115 mph) storm, is expected to side-step Hawaii this week though will still generate high surf, rain and powerful winds. The Big Island and Maui remain on a tropical storm watch. Ignacio may re-strengthen to a hurricane when he clears Oahu on Wednesday. ](/news/2015/08/30/hurricane-ignacio-which-has-weakened-to-a-category-3-115-mph-storm-is-expected-to-side-step-hawaii-this-week-though-will-still-generate.md) _Context: Hawaii, island of Hawaii_
2. [2014 Pacific hurricane season:Residents in the US state of Hawaii prepare for the impact of Hurricane Iselle expected to hit the island of Hawaii as a Category 1 hurricane before weakening to a tropical storm when it hits the islands of Maui and Oahu. ](/news/2014/08/7/2014-pacific-hurricane-season-presidents-in-the-us-state-of-hawaii-prepare-for-the-impact-of-hurricane-iselle-expected-to-hit-the-island-of.md) _Context: Hawaii, island of Hawaii_
3. [Honduras declares a state of emergency after an outbreak of dengue fever kills 16 people and sickens 12,000. ](/news/2013/07/30/honduras-declares-a-state-of-emergency-after-an-outbreak-of-dengue-fever-kills-16-people-and-sickens-12-000.md) _Context: dengue fever, state of emergency_
4. [ 2007 Pacific hurricane season: A state of emergency is declared on the island of Hawaii as Category 3 Hurricane Flossie approaches. ](/news/2007/08/13/2007-pacific-hurricane-season-a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-on-the-island-of-hawaii-as-category-3-hurricane-flossie-approaches.md) _Context: island of Hawaii, state of emergency_
5. [ Hawaii earthquake: A 6.7-magnitude earthquake and a series of aftershocks hit the U.S. state of Hawaii at 7:07am local time, with an epicentre 9 miles (14 km) NNW of Kalaoa. 95% of power was lost throughout the state. Widespread structural damage on the Big Island is being reported, but no major injuries and no fatalities as of yet. Airports are only accepting incoming flights. ](/news/2006/10/15/hawaii-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-and-a-series-of-aftershocks-hit-the-u-s-state-of-hawaii-at-7-07am-local-time-with-an-epicen.md) _Context: Hawaii, island of Hawaii_
6. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hawaii_
7. [The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige  says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-and-set-strategies-to-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: Hawaii_
8. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: state of emergency_
9. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: state of emergency_
10. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii_
