### [2016-02-8](/news/2016/02/8/index.md)

# New refugee camps go up near the Syria-Turkey border after Turkey blocks thousands of refugees from entering the country. 

Turkish aid workers set up tents and distribute supplies for thousands of new Syrian refugees kept from entering Turkey at the border.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35519393)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Turkish, refugee camp, refugees from Syria_
2. [A bombing kills at least five Turkish soldiers and one special forces police officer in the southeastern city of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. ](/news/2016/04/2/a-bombing-kills-at-least-five-turkish-soldiers-and-one-special-forces-police-officer-in-the-southeastern-city-of-nusaybin-near-the-syriaa.md) _Context: Syria–Turkey border, Turkish_
3. [A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/02/15/a-turkish-soldier-is-killed-following-a-clash-on-the-syriaaturkey-border-with-an-armed-group-trying-to-enter-turkey-illegally-the-turkish.md) _Context: Syria–Turkey border, Turkish_
4. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Syria–Turkey border, Turkish_
5. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Syria–Turkey border, Turkish_
6. [Turkey agrees with leaders of the European Union to help stem the flow of migrants to Europe in return for cash and visas, and renewal of talks on joining the EU. A key element is 3 billion euros ($3.2 billion) in EU aid for the 2.2 million Syrians now in Turkey. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkey-agrees-with-leaders-of-the-european-union-to-help-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-to-europe-in-return-for-cash-and-visas-and-renewal-of-ta.md) _Context: Turkish, refugees from Syria_
7. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Syria–Turkey border, Turkish_
8. [Syrian civil war:Syrian refugees in rented houses say the Turkish police in Hatay Province faces them with the choice to either join a refugee camp or go back to Syria. ](/news/2012/10/3/syrian-civil-war-psyrian-refugees-in-rented-houses-say-the-turkish-police-in-hatay-province-faces-them-with-the-choice-to-either-join-a-refu.md) _Context: refugee camp, refugees from Syria_
9. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising:Turkey claims that the Syrian Army has opened fire on a refugee camp on Turkish soil injuring three people. ](/news/2012/04/9/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pturkey-claims-that-the-syrian-army-has-opened-fire-on-a-refugee-camp-on-turkish-soil-injuring-thre.md) _Context: Turkish, refugee camp_
10. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also 5 Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-5-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a-tu.md) _Context: Turkish_
