### [2000-01-20](/news/2000/01/20/index.md)

# A digital cable and satellite network dedicated to the soap operas, SOAPnet, begins re-airing soaps that originally aired on ABC, NBC and CBS.




### Related:

1. [CBS and NBC refuse to air an advertisement by the United Church of Christ citing the advocacy of accepting homosexuals is "too controversial". The advertisement was accepted by numerous other networks including Fox, ABC and TBS. ](/news/2004/12/1/cbs-and-nbc-refuse-to-air-an-advertisement-by-the-united-church-of-christ-citing-the-advocacy-of-accepting-homosexuals-is-too-controversial.md) _Context: ABC, CBS, NBC_
2. [Two major US TV networks, CBS and NBC, censor the "Kill the Ground Zero Mosque" advertisement by conservative group National Republican Trust which calls plans to erect a mosque near New York City's Ground Zero a "monstrosity". ](/news/2010/07/15/two-major-us-tv-networks-cbs-and-nbc-censor-the-kill-the-ground-zero-mosque-advertisement-by-conservative-group-national-republican-trus.md) _Context: CBS, NBC_
3. [ For the second time in as many years, CBS cancels a United States-produced soap opera, this time "As the World Turns" after 54 years, in effect putting Procter & Gamble, the creators of said genre, out of that business. ](/news/2009/12/8/for-the-second-time-in-as-many-years-cbs-cancels-a-united-states-produced-soap-opera-this-time-as-the-world-turns-after-54-years-in-ef.md) _Context: CBS, soap opera_
4. [ U.S. television network NBC officially pulls out of the soap opera market by canceling "Passions", which is aired both domestically and internationally. NBC Universal Television president Jeff Zucker remarks that the network's other daytime drama, "Days of Our Lives", is "unlikely to continue" when its contract expires in 2009. ](/news/2007/01/17/u-s-television-network-nbc-officially-pulls-out-of-the-soap-opera-market-by-canceling-passions-which-is-aired-both-domestically-and-int.md) _Context: NBC, soap opera_
5. [Cinema of the United States: Adam West, the actor widely known for playing Batman in the ABC series of the same name during the 1960's, dies from leukemia. ](/news/2017/06/9/cinema-of-the-united-states-adam-west-the-actor-widely-known-for-playing-batman-in-the-abc-series-of-the-same-name-during-the-1960-s-dies.md) _Context: ABC_
6. [CBS terminates its contract with Scott Pelley as anchor, managing editor and reporter of "CBS Evening News". Pelley will remain with "CBS News" as a correspondent in "60 Minutes". ](/news/2017/05/31/cbs-terminates-its-contract-with-scott-pelley-as-anchor-managing-editor-and-reporter-of-cbs-evening-news-pelley-will-remain-with-cbs-ne.md) _Context: CBS_
7. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media -during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: satellite television network_
8. [Military intervention against ISIL: U.S. television network NBC has calculated that ISIS and its sympathizers killed 525 people in six attacks in six countries outside its alleged caliphate since October 10, 2015. ](/news/2015/12/8/military-intervention-against-isil-u-s-television-network-nbc-has-calculated-that-isis-and-its-sympathizers-killed-525-people-in-six-attac.md) _Context: NBC_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump hosts "Saturday Night Live". According to NBC the show attained a 6.6 household rating, giving "Saturday Night Live" its best overnight ratings since January 2012 when Charles Barkley was the host. ](/news/2015/11/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-gop-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-hosts-saturday-night-live-according-to-nbc-the-show-at.md) _Context: NBC_
10. [NBC drops support of 2016 United State Presidential candidate Donald Trump after Trump gives a campaign speech which includes accusedly racist remarks. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2015/06/29/donald-trump-says-hes-more-worthy-of-nbc-support-than-lying-brian-williams-fair/ ("The Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/06/29/nbc-drops-support-of-2016-united-state-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-after-trump-gives-a-campaign-speech-which-includes-accusedly-raci.md) _Context: NBC_
