### [2015-09-5](/news/2015/09/5/index.md)

# Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. 

Many quickly jumped on trains for Germany, which has agreed to take in tens of thousands.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34164645)
2. [Budapest Business Journal](http://bbj.hu/politics/buses-take-refugees-west-in-deal-with-austria-and-germany_103554)
3. [The Star - Malaysia](http://www.thestar.com.my/News/World/2015/09/05/UN-demands-Europe-mobilise-on-migrants-Hungary-warns-of-mass-inflow/)
4. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/09/05/migrants-austria-hungary/71763586/)
5. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/syrian-migrants-reach-austria-as-hungary-retreats-from-harsher-measures/2015/09/05/2a3a6e7e-5333-11e5-b225-90edbd49f362_story.html)
5. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan, European migrant crisis, Iraq, Syria_
2. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Afghanistan, European migrant crisis, Germany, Syria_
3. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria_
4. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria_
5. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Iraq, Syria_
6. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany, Iraq_
7. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, Germany_
8. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Iraq, Syria_
9. [Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-entering-the-central-europ.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis, Germany_
10. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Iraq, Syria_
