### [2015-09-5](/news/2015/09/5/index.md)

# Former vice president Annette Lu of Taiwan files charges of treason against former vice president Lien Chan, accusing him of breaching national security when he attended the 2015 China Victory Day Parade. 

Former vice president Annette Lu (呂秀蓮) and a lawmaker yesterday filed separate charges of treason against former vice president Lien Chan (連戰), accusing him of breaching national security by attending a Chinese military parade marking the end of World War II in Beijing on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Taipei Times](http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/front/archives/2015/09/05/2003626969)

### Related:

1. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
2. [China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. ](/news/2016/08/4/china-is-blocking-taiwan-s-efforts-to-join-the-international-civil-aviation-organization-despite-58-million-air-passengers-passing-over-taiw.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
3. [The People's Republic of China cuts communication mechanism with Taiwan after the new government refuses to acknowledge the One China policy. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-cuts-communication-mechanism-with-taiwan-after-the-new-government-refuses-to-acknowledge-the-one-china-policy.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
4. [China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast-just-days-before-the-i.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
5. [Under pressure from the Chinese delegation, Belgian Deputy Prime Minister Kris Peeters ejects the Taiwanese delegation from a symposium of the OECD Steel Committee; it was the first such incident since Taiwan joined the OECD Steel Committee in 2005. ](/news/2016/04/19/under-pressure-from-the-chinese-delegation-belgian-deputy-prime-minister-kris-peeters-ejects-the-taiwanese-delegation-from-a-symposium-of-t.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
6. [ Taiwan accuses China of "extrajudicial abduction" after 45 Taiwanese acquitted of fraud in Kenya were forcibly deported to China. ](/news/2016/04/12/taiwan-accuses-china-of-extrajudicial-abduction-after-45-taiwanese-acquitted-of-fraud-in-kenya-were-forcibly-deported-to-china.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
7. [The presidents of China and Taiwan are scheduled to meet in Singapore on November 7th, the first such meeting since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-presidents-of-china-and-taiwan-are-scheduled-to-meet-in-singapore-on-november-7th-the-first-such-meeting-since-the-chinese-communist-re.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
8. [The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds-exercises-simulating-chi.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
9. [China's top cross-strait negotiator for Taiwan, on a landmark visit, cancels three public appearances at the last minute after protests against his bridge-building trip turned violent; protesters earlier splashed white paint and threw ghost money at the negotiator's motorcade while shouting slogans such as "Taiwan, China, one country on each side". ](/news/2014/06/28/china-s-top-cross-strait-negotiator-for-taiwan-on-a-landmark-visit-cancels-three-public-appearances-at-the-last-minute-after-protests-agai.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
10. [The People's Republic of China sends its first minister-level official to Taiwan to build ties with the self-governing island amid trade suspicions. ](/news/2014/06/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-sends-its-first-minister-level-official-to-taiwan-to-build-ties-with-the-self-governing-island-amid-trade-sus.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan_
