### [2015-09-5](/news/2015/09/5/index.md)

#  Gunmen kill 13 minority Hazara men but spare the life of one woman among a traveling party in usually tranquil Balkh Province. No group claims responsibility. 

Gunmen on Saturday shot dead 13 people after dragging them out of their vehicles in northern Afghanistan, as President Ashraf Ghani implored international donors for renewed support for his &quot;wounded country&quot;


### Source:

1. [AFP via Times of Oman](http://timesofoman.com/article/67021/World/Asia/Gunmen-shot-dead-13-people-after-dragging-them-out-of-their-vehicles-in-northern-Afghanistan)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/war-in-afghanistan-ptaliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it.md) _Context: Balkh Province_
2. [An apparent sectarian attack by two motorcyclists who open fire on a bus traveling to Hazara Town, Quetta, Pakistan, kills four women from Pakistan's Shia Hazara and injures two other people. ](/news/2016/10/4/an-apparent-sectarian-attack-by-two-motorcyclists-who-open-fire-on-a-bus-traveling-to-hazara-town-quetta-pakistan-kills-four-women-from-p.md) _Context: Hazara_
3. [Afghan officials report at least 80 people are killed and more than 230 injured as twin suicide blasts hit a large  demonstration of the Shiite Hazara community over a power route line at Dehmazang Circle, Kabul, Afghanistan. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/23/afghan-officials-report-at-least-80-people-are-killed-and-more-than-230-injured-as-twin-suicide-blasts-hit-a-large-demonstration-of-the-shi.md) _Context: Hazara_
4. [The Afghan capital Kabul is locked down as members of the Hazara community protest the proposed route of a power line. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-afghan-capital-kabul-is-locked-down-as-members-of-the-hazara-community-protest-the-proposed-route-of-a-power-line.md) _Context: Hazara_
5. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres  (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital  where at least 30 were killed.  Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged  with the Taliban, requested the attacks. ''The Washington Post'' reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives.  According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had  been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doc.md) _Context: Afghanistan War_
6. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Hazara_
7. [Gunmen mount an attack on the office of the attorney-general of Afghanistan's Balkh Province in the city of Mazar-e-Sharif. ](/news/2015/04/9/gunmen-mount-an-attack-on-the-office-of-the-attorney-general-of-afghanistan-s-balkh-province-in-the-city-of-mazar-e-sharif.md) _Context: Balkh Province_
