### [2003-05-8](/news/2003/05/8/index.md)

#  An F4 tornado hits metro area of Oklahoma City, and became the 10th costliest tornado in United States history. No one was killed but many were injured. The tornado followed a path similar to that of the F5 tornado of May 3, 1999.




### Related:

1. [The death toll from the tornados that hit Oklahoma City on May 31 rises to nine. ](/news/2013/06/1/the-death-toll-from-the-tornados-that-hit-oklahoma-city-on-may-31-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: Oklahoma City, tornado_
2. [ The strongest tornado in Britain in 25 years, rating a 2 on the Fujita scale, hits Birmingham, damaging homes and injuring 20 people. ](/news/2005/07/28/the-strongest-tornado-in-britain-in-25-years-rating-a-2-on-the-fujita-scale-hits-birmingham-damaging-homes-and-injuring-20-people.md) _Context: Fujita scale, tornado_
3. [ An F5 tornado slams into Oklahoma City, Oklahoma killing 38 people. This was the second strongest tornado ever recorded in United States history. (See 1999 Oklahoma tornado outbreak). A possible tornado outbreak that has a similar force to it will take place sometime in the next 250-500 years.](/news/1999/05/3/an-f5-tornado-slams-into-oklahoma-city-oklahoma-killing-38-people-this-was-the-second-strongest-tornado-ever-recorded-in-united-states-hi.md) _Context: Fujita scale, tornado_
4. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: tornado_
5. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: tornado_
6. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: tornado_
7. [Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma City suspends all arrival and departure flights after at least one person is shot in the airport's parking lot. Local media report that victim has been transported in "emergency condition" to a nearby hospital. ](/news/2016/11/15/will-rogers-world-airport-in-oklahoma-city-suspends-all-arrival-and-departure-flights-after-at-least-one-person-is-shot-in-the-airport-s-par.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
8. [The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Oklahoma City reports that an unarmed black man, Terence Crutcher, shot dead on September 16, by a white police officer, Betty Jo Shelby, had acute PCP intoxication. Authorities charged her with first-degree manslaughter. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-office-of-the-chief-medical-examiner-in-oklahoma-city-reports-that-an-unarmed-black-man-terence-crutcher-shot-dead-on-september-16-by.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
9. [A tornado, accompanied by heavy rainfall and hailstones, kills at least 98 people and injures 800 in the eastern Chinese province of Jiangsu ](/news/2016/06/23/a-tornado-accompanied-by-heavy-rainfall-and-hailstones-kills-at-least-98-people-and-injures-800-in-the-eastern-chinese-province-of-jiangsu.md) _Context: tornado_
10. [A severe thunderstorm and tornado near Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, China, kills at least 98 people. See 2016 Jiangsu tornado. ](/news/2016/06/22/a-severe-thunderstorm-and-tornado-near-yancheng-jiangsu-province-china-kills-at-least-98-people-see-2016-jiangsu-tornado.md) _Context: tornado_
