### [2012-09-30](/news/2012/09/30/index.md)

# American and Afghan officials announce five people died on Saturday in a clash involving American and Afghan army troops at a checkpoint in Maidan Wardak Province, Afghanistan. The circumstances are unclear. 

Two Americans and three Afghans died just days after Pentagon officials confirmed that joint operations between American and Afghan forces were returning to normal.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/01/world/asia/suspected-insider-attack-in-afghanistan.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
2. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
3. [Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one-afghan-soldier-and-a-pakistani-maj.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
4. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network,  comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as  the  Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States Armed Forces_
5. [The U.S. military disciplines more than a dozen personnel for mistakes that led to the bombing of a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital that killed 42 people in Afghanistan last October. No criminal charges are pending. The partially redacted investigation report is  expected to be made public shortly. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-u-s-military-disciplines-more-than-a-dozen-personnel-for-mistakes-that-led-to-the-bombing-of-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-with.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States Armed Forces_
6. [The U.S.-led coalition dispatches American troops to Kunduz to help Afghan forces combat Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-u-s-led-coalition-dispatches-american-troops-to-kunduz-to-help-afghan-forces-combat-taliban-militants.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, United States Armed Forces_
7. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States Armed Forces_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):An Afghan soldier kills a Slovak soldier and wounds six others. ](/news/2013/07/9/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pan-afghan-soldier-kills-a-slovak-soldier-and-wounds-six-others.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
9. [A bomb kills eight people in Afghanistan's Wardak Province, including three United States Army soldiers, four Afghan National Army soldiers and an Afghan interpreter. ](/news/2013/07/23/a-bomb-kills-eight-people-in-afghanistan-s-wardak-province-including-three-united-states-army-soldiers-four-afghan-national-army-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghan National Army, Afghanistan_
10. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, United States Armed Forces_
