### [2012-09-30](/news/2012/09/30/index.md)

# In Kenya, a nine-year-old boy is killed and other children are wounded in a grenade attack on a church in Nairobi. Hours later, two policeman are shot dead in Garissa. Police suspect al Shabaab sympathizers for the attacks. 

Two police officers were shot dead in Kenya on Sunday in the northern town of Garissa close to the border with Somalia, police said, hours after a child was killed in a grenade attack on a church in Nairobi.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/09/30/us-kenya-church-attack-idUSBRE88T0G620120930)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. drone strike in Somalia near the town of Bardhere kills the mastermind al-Shabab terrorist Aden Garaar responsible for the September 2013 three-day siege Westgate shopping mall attack in Nairobi, Kenya, in which 67 people were killed by four gunmen. ](/news/2015/03/12/a-u-s-drone-strike-in-somalia-near-the-town-of-bardhere-kills-the-mastermind-al-shabab-terrorist-aden-garaar-responsible-for-the-september.md) _Context: Nairobi, al Shabaab militia_
2. [Al-Shabaab militants hijack a bus travelling between the town of Mandera and the Kenyan capital Nairobi and execute 28 non-Muslim passengers. ](/news/2014/11/22/al-shabaab-militants-hijack-a-bus-travelling-between-the-town-of-mandera-and-the-kenyan-capital-nairobi-and-execute-28-non-muslim-passengers.md) _Context: Nairobi, al Shabaab militia_
3. [A three-day national mourning period begins in Kenya for the victims of a four-day siege that began on September 21 when heavily armed Al-Shabaab militants stormed the Westgate shopping mall in the capital, Nairobi, killing 61 civilians and 6 soldiers. ](/news/2013/09/25/a-three-day-national-mourning-period-begins-in-kenya-for-the-victims-of-a-four-day-siege-that-began-on-september-21-when-heavily-armed-al-sh.md) _Context: Nairobi, al Shabaab militia_
4. [Explosions and gunfire are reported from the Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi where Al-Shabaab gunmen are still holed up. ](/news/2013/09/23/explosions-and-gunfire-are-reported-from-the-westgate-shopping-mall-in-nairobi-where-al-shabaab-gunmen-are-still-holed-up.md) _Context: Nairobi, al Shabaab militia_
5. [A gun battle breaks out in a shopping mall in the Kenyan capital Nairobi with "at least 39 dead and 150 wounded". A hostage situation is evolving. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2013/09/21/a-gun-battle-breaks-out-in-a-shopping-mall-in-the-kenyan-capital-nairobi-with-at-least-39-dead-and-150-wounded-a-hostage-situation-is-evo.md) _Context: Nairobi, al Shabaab militia_
6. [The presidents of Kenya, Somalia and Uganda meet in Nairobi to discuss coordinated military operations against the al-Qaeda-linked Somali terrorist group Al-Shabaab. ](/news/2011/11/17/the-presidents-of-kenya-somalia-and-uganda-meet-in-nairobi-to-discuss-coordinated-military-operations-against-the-al-qaeda-linked-somali-te.md) _Context: Nairobi, al Shabaab militia_
7. [United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in-lower-shebelle-s-bariire-village-near-mogadish.md) _Context: al Shabaab militia_
8. [Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-people-dead-somal.md) _Context: al Shabaab militia_
9. [A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing-least-20-people.md) _Context: al Shabaab militia_
10. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: al Shabaab militia_
