### [2012-09-30](/news/2012/09/30/index.md)

# Two opposition politicians and a supporter are shot dead at an opposition rally in Barinas state, Venezuela, a week before the country's presidential election. 

Opposition leader Henrique Capriles demands investigation into shooting that killed two politicians and one supporter.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2012/09/201293014942312228.html)

### Related:

1. [The opposition in Venezuela urges the government to be more transparent about the health of president Hugo Chavez as his inauguration approaches on January 10 amid rumours of his deteriorating health. ](/news/2013/01/2/the-opposition-in-venezuela-urges-the-government-to-be-more-transparent-about-the-health-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-as-his-inauguration-appro.md) _Context: Venezuela, inauguration approaches_
2. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a presidential election, with Hugo Chvez of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela and Henrique Capriles Radonski of the opposing Justice First party both competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/10/7/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-hugo-chavez-of-the-united-socialist-party-of-venezuela-and-henrique-ca.md) _Context: Venezuela, inauguration approaches_
3. [The Venezuelan opposition Mesa de la Unidad Democratica holds a primary election, selecting Henrique Capriles as its candidate for the presidential election in early October. ](/news/2012/02/12/the-venezuelan-opposition-mesa-de-la-unidad-democra-tica-holds-a-primary-election-selecting-henrique-capriles-as-its-candidate-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Venezuela, inauguration approaches_
4. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: Venezuela_
