### [2011-07-7](/news/2011/07/7/index.md)

# Seven people are shot dead in the US city of Grand Rapids, Michigan, with Rodrick Dantzler the suspect committing suicide and hostages being released. 

Rodrick Dantzler, 34, fatally shot himself after an hours-long standoff, manhunt, police chase and seven murders, including 2 children in Northeast Grand Rapids.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gVaXh1rRJ-RuRAbfOXqUVsA8izmw?docId=684462df6d9f45429e9a9d7571db00ae)
2. [Grand Rapids Press](http://www.mlive.com/news/grand-rapids/index.ssf/2011/07/live_coverage_police_report_mu.html)

### Related:

1. [Immigration to the United States. A judge in Michigan halts the possible deportation of over 100 Chaldean Iraqi Christians. ](/news/2017/06/22/immigration-to-the-united-states-a-judge-in-michigan-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-over-100-chaldean-iraqi-christians.md) _Context: Michigan_
2. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Michigan_
3. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Michigan_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eas.md) _Context: Michigan_
5. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. A federal judge in Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, rules that a recount in the Presidential Election vote in that state must begin on Monday, December 5. ](/news/2016/12/5/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-a-federal-judge-in-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-rules-that-a-recount-in-the-presidential.md) _Context: Michigan_
6. [Flint water crisis. A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/flint-water-crisis-a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in.md) _Context: Michigan_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college.md) _Context: Michigan_
8. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-s.md) _Context: Michigan_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Michigan_
10. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Michigan_
