### [2009-09-13](/news/2009/09/13/index.md)

#  German Chancellor Angela Merkel appears with her main rival, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, in a TV debate, two weeks ahead of an election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8253115.stm)
2. [Bankok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/world/154270/german-rivals-spar-but-no-killer-punch-in-tv-debate)
3. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,4682781,00.html?maca=en-rss-en-ger-1023-rdf)
4. [Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/world/AP/story/1231251.html)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/sep/13/angela-merkel-steinmeier-germany-election)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass: German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel's office confirms German Federal Intelligence Service President Gerhard Schindler will be replaced by Bruno Kahl. Schindler has been widely criticized following the disclosure his agency spied for the U.S. National Security Agency. ](/news/2016/04/27/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-office-confirms-german-federal-intelligence-service-president-gerhard-schindler-will-be-replaced-by-bruno.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
4. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
5. [European migration crisis: On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone." She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will vote on. ](/news/2015/12/13/european-migration-crisis-on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
6. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
7. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel asserts she still isn't prepared to name an upper limit to the number of refugees who can come to Germany, despite mounting domestic political pressure. ](/news/2015/11/13/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-asserts-she-still-isn-t-prepared-to-name-an-upper-limit-to-the-number-of-refugees-w.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
9. [War in Donbass: The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/war-in-donbass-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladi.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
10. [The Government of Germany advises that Chancellor Angela Merkel will not attend a May 9 World War II Victory Day Parade in Moscow but will visit shortly thereafter. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-government-of-germany-advises-that-chancellor-angela-merkel-will-not-attend-a-may-9-world-war-ii-victory-day-parade-in-moscow-but-will-v.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
