### [2009-09-13](/news/2009/09/13/index.md)

#  Saudi Arabia's veteran foreign minister Prince Saud al-Faisal undergoes successful spine surgery in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSTRE58C0NO20090913)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
2. [Yemeni Crisis: The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
3. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit: United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
4. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
5. [Saudi Arabia arrests Samar Badawi, a human rights activist who received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States in 2012. Badawi is to appear in court on Wednesday, according to Amnesty International. Both her brother, Raif Badawi, publisher of the "Free Saudi Liberals" blog, and former husband, Waleed Sami Abulkhair, are currently imprisoned. ](/news/2016/01/12/saudi-arabia-arrests-samar-badawi-a-human-rights-activist-who-received-the-international-women-of-courage-award-from-the-united-states-in-2.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
6. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
7. [Yemeni Civil War: Houthi rebels release six foreign hostages; three Americans, two Saudis, and a Briton. ](/news/2015/09/20/yemeni-civil-war-houthi-rebels-release-six-foreign-hostages-three-americans-two-saudis-and-a-briton.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
8. [The United States embassy and consulates in Saudi Arabia close for Sunday and Monday due to heightened security concerns.](/news/2015/03/15/the-united-states-embassy-and-consulates-in-saudi-arabia-close-for-sunday-and-monday-due-to-heightened-security-concerns.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
9. [Manssor Arbabsiar will face a trial on October 22 in the United States for his role in the 2011 alleged Iran assassination plot against the Saudi Arabian ambassador. ](/news/2012/02/7/manssor-arbabsiar-will-face-a-trial-on-october-22-in-the-united-states-for-his-role-in-the-2011-alleged-iran-assassination-plot-against-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
10. [The United States sells 84 F-15 fighter jets to Saudi Arabia.](/news/2011/12/29/the-united-states-sells-84-f-15-fighter-jets-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States_
