### [2010-01-26](/news/2010/01/26/index.md)

# A French parliamentary report backs a partial ban on the wearing of burkhas by Muslim women. 

Panel recommends niqab be outlawed in schools, hospitals and on public transport.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/01/20101269170257444.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/europe/01/26/france.burqa.ban/)
3. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100126-parliamentary-report-backs-burqa-ban-0?autoplay=)

### Related:

1. [Police issue a French Muslim woman with a fine of EUR22 for wearing a burqa while driving in Nantes, causing controversy and threatening her husband's status. ](/news/2010/04/23/police-issue-a-french-muslim-woman-with-a-fine-of-a-22-for-wearing-a-burqa-while-driving-in-nantes-causing-controversy-and-threatening-her.md) _Context: France, Muslim_
2. [ Vandals desecrate 148 Muslim graves in France's biggest World War I cemetery at Notre Dame de Lorette outside Arras in northern France. ](/news/2008/04/6/vandals-desecrate-148-muslim-graves-in-france-s-biggest-world-war-i-cemetery-at-notre-dame-de-lorette-outside-arras-in-northern-france.md) _Context: France, Muslim_
3. [ 2005 Paris riots continue for the fifth consecutive night, sparked by the death of two Muslim youths from electric shock. The controversy caused by police firing tear gas into a mosque on Sunday night led to families of the dead youths pulling out of a meeting with the French Minister of the Interior Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2005/11/1/2005-paris-riots-continue-for-the-fifth-consecutive-night-sparked-by-the-death-of-two-muslim-youths-from-electric-shock-the-controversy-c.md) _Context: France, Muslim_
4. [ Further rioting occurs overnight in the Parisian suburb of Clichy-sous-Bois following the electrocutions of two teenagers, aged 15 and 17, and a third teenager suffering severe burns when they entered a substation whilst fleeing police. Rioters attacked police and journalists. Critics allege that the teenagers were targeted because they were Muslim, though this claim has been denied by French Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2005/10/30/further-rioting-occurs-overnight-in-the-parisian-suburb-of-clichy-sous-bois-following-the-electrocutions-of-two-teenagers-aged-15-and-17.md) _Context: France, Muslim_
5. [ In Abidjan, Cte d'Ivoire, police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters who want France to withdraw its 3,800 peacekeepers so that the Christian and animist government of President Laurent Gbagbo in the south can march against Muslim rebel-held areas in the north. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/3257264.stm][http://www.iht.com/articles/119994.html]](/news/2003/12/3/in-abidjan-cote-d-ivoire-police-fire-tear-gas-at-hundreds-of-protesters-who-want-france-to-withdraw-its-3-800-peacekeepers-so-that-the-ch.md) _Context: France, Muslim_
6. [French ecology minister Nicolas Hulot announces France is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel vehicles by 2040. ](/news/2017/07/6/french-ecology-minister-nicolas-hulot-announces-france-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-vehicles-by-2040.md) _Context: France_
7. [France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: France_
8. [Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-order-to-reduce-air-pollution.md) _Context: France_
9. [2017 heat wave in EuropeFirefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/2017-heat-wave-in-europepfirefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: France_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
