### [2000-05-5](/news/2000/05/5/index.md)

#  A rare conjunction occurs on the New Moon including all seven of the traditional celestial bodies known from ancient times up until 1781 with the discovery of Uranus. The conjunction consists of the Sun and Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn.([http://nssdc.gsfc.nasa.gov/planetary/alignment.html NASA])




### Related:

1. [A rare astronomical conjunction occurs on the New Moon including all seven of the traditional celestial bodies known from ancient times until the discovery of Uranus in 1781; this conjunction consists of the Sun and Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn.](/news/2000/05/4/a-rare-astronomical-conjunction-occurs-on-the-new-moon-including-all-seven-of-the-traditional-celestial-bodies-known-from-ancient-times-unti.md) _Context: Jupiter, Mars, Mercury's, Moon, New Moon, Saturn, Sun, Uranus, Venus, celestial bodies_
2. [NASA releases new pictures from the Dawn spacecraft as it approaches from a distance of 238,000 miles of Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Dawn will go into orbit around the dwarf planet on March 6. ](/news/2015/01/19/nasa-releases-new-pictures-from-the-dawn-spacecraft-as-it-approaches-from-a-distance-of-238-000-miles-of-ceres-the-largest-object-in-the-as.md) _Context: Jupiter, Mars_
3. [Image taken by the Cassini spacecraft from Saturn orbit shows Venus shining like a bright beacon through Saturn's rings. ](/news/2013/03/2/image-taken-by-the-cassini-spacecraft-from-saturn-orbit-shows-venus-shining-like-a-bright-beacon-through-saturnas-rings.md) _Context: Saturn, Venus_
4. [New data from the NASA space probe MESSENGER indicate that Mercury, the closest planet to the Sun, almost surely has water ice buried beneath the surface at its north pole. ](/news/2012/11/29/new-data-from-the-nasa-space-probe-messenger-indicate-that-mercury-the-closest-planet-to-the-sun-almost-surely-has-water-ice-buried-beneat.md) _Context: Mercury's, Sun_
5. [Jupiter becomes the brightest object in the night sky after the Moon as it makes its closest approach to Earth since 1963. ](/news/2010/09/20/jupiter-becomes-the-brightest-object-in-the-night-sky-after-the-moon-as-it-makes-its-closest-approach-to-earth-since-1963.md) _Context: Jupiter, Moon_
6. [ The United States and Russia sign a pact to use Russian technology on NASA missions to hunt for water on the moon and Mars. ](/news/2007/10/3/the-united-states-and-russia-sign-a-pact-to-use-russian-technology-on-nasa-missions-to-hunt-for-water-on-the-moon-and-mars.md) _Context: Mars, Moon_
7. [ Astronomers have discovered new moons and rings around Uranus using the Hubble Space Telescope. ](/news/2005/12/23/astronomers-have-discovered-new-moons-and-rings-around-uranus-using-the-hubble-space-telescope.md) _Context: Moon, Uranus_
8. [After 20 years floating the Solar System, the "Cassini" space probe to the Saturn system ends the mission with a controlled fall into the atmosphere of the planet. ](/news/2017/09/15/after-20-years-floating-the-solar-system-the-cassini-space-probe-to-the-saturn-system-ends-the-mission-with-a-controlled-fall-into-the-at.md) _Context: Saturn_
9. [Brown University researchers discover that a substantial amount of water may be present beneath the surface of the Moon. ](/news/2017/07/24/brown-university-researchers-discover-that-a-substantial-amount-of-water-may-be-present-beneath-the-surface-of-the-moon.md) _Context: Moon_
10. [Results of the Juno mission are announced by NASA researchers, revealing new and unexpected information concerning Jupiter's poles, meteorology, and magnetic and gravitational fields. ](/news/2017/05/25/results-of-the-juno-mission-are-announced-by-nasa-researchers-revealing-new-and-unexpected-information-concerning-jupiter-s-poles-meteorol.md) _Context: Jupiter_
