### [2013-09-20](/news/2013/09/20/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani says Iran is "ready to facilitate talks between the Syrian government and opposition". 

Outline of nuclear deal begins to emerge before UN debut as president says people should &#x27;be completely free in private life&#x27;


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/19/hassan-rouhani-vision-iran-free)

### Related:

1. [Hassan Rouhani, President-elect of Iran, criticizes the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) over its news censorship of the Syrian civil war and the 2009-10 election protests. He also says Iran needs a cautious approach in its foreign policy. ](/news/2013/06/30/hassan-rouhani-president-elect-of-iran-criticizes-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-broadcasting-irib-over-its-news-censorship-of-the-syrian.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike: Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Iranian presidential election, 2017: Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/iranian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
6. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
8. [Non-aligned Movement: Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
9. [Iran-Russia relations: Iran confirms that Russia will stop using its Hamadan Airbase to launch attacks in Syria, saying Russia's use of Hamadan Airbase was "temporary, based on a Russian request," and that Russian operations are "finished for now". Iranian Defence Minister Hossein Dehghan earlier criticized Russia's announcement of its use of the base in Iran, saying "There has been a kind of showing-off and inconsiderate attitude behind the announcement of this news." ](/news/2016/08/22/iran-russia-relations-iran-confirms-that-russia-will-stop-using-its-hamadan-airbase-to-launch-attacks-in-syria-saying-russia-s-use-of-ha.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
10. [ Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (May 2016): At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-nea.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
