### [2013-09-20](/news/2013/09/20/index.md)

# The Greenpeace ship "Arctic Sunrise", which was protesting against Gazprom drilling in the Arctic area 60km north of the Russian coast, is boarded by the Russian military. The activists claim that oil exploitation would risk three nature reserves protected by Russian law. 

Russians drop armed guards on to the deck and round up the crew of the Arctic Sunrise, which is protesting against Gazprom drilling


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/sep/19/greenpeace-protesters-arrested-arctic)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2013/9/20/1379649289621/The-Russian-coast-guard-b-009.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=c658302871ca047807210dc2648c8eba)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people gather in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi to protest against their government's negotiations with Russian state-owned oil company Gazprom. ](/news/2016/03/6/thousands-of-people-gather-in-the-georgian-capital-of-tbilisi-to-protest-against-their-government-s-negotiations-with-russian-state-owned-oi.md) _Context: Gazprom_
2. [India has cancelled Greenpeace India's license to operate and gave the group 30 days to close down, citing financial fraud and falsification of data, the environment watchdog said on Friday. ](/news/2015/11/6/india-has-cancelled-greenpeace-india-s-license-to-operate-and-gave-the-group-30-days-to-close-down-citing-financial-fraud-and-falsification.md) _Context: Greenpeace India's_
3. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Gazprom_
4. [The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-russian-gas-company-gazprom-suspends-shipments-of-gas-to-ukraine-following-a-payment-dispute.md) _Context: Gazprom_
5. [ State-owned gas company, Gazprom, loses 86 percent in net income due to ruble devaluation, plunge on oil prices, and Ukraine crisis. ](/news/2015/04/29/state-owned-gas-company-gazprom-loses-86-percent-in-net-income-due-to-ruble-devaluation-plunge-on-oil-prices-and-ukraine-crisis.md) _Context: Gazprom_
6. [The European Union opens an antitrust case against Russian gas giant Gazprom which supplies most of Central and eastern Europe with supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-european-union-opens-an-antitrust-case-against-russian-gas-giant-gazprom-which-supplies-most-of-central-and-eastern-europe-with-supplies.md) _Context: Gazprom_
7. [Russian state-owned gas company Gazprom announces a plan to shift its European natural gas pipeline from Ukraine to Turkey, through a proposed link under the Black Sea to Turkey. ](/news/2015/01/21/russian-state-owned-gas-company-gazprom-announces-a-plan-to-shift-its-european-natural-gas-pipeline-from-ukraine-to-turkey-through-a-propos.md) _Context: Gazprom_
8. [The Hague's Permanent Court of Arbitration says Russian officials have manipulated the legal system to bankrupt Russia's largest Yukos oil company, and jail its boss (Mikhail Khodorkovsky and others). Yukos was the object of a series of politically motivated attacks by the Russian authorities that eventually led to its destruction. The company's assets were illegally expropriated for the benefit of State companies Rosneft and Gazprom. The Yuganskneftegaz auction was illegal. The $50 billion awarded by the Hague's arbitration court against Russia is the largest arbitration award ever. ](/news/2014/07/28/the-hague-s-permanent-court-of-arbitration-says-russian-officials-have-manipulated-the-legal-system-to-bankrupt-russia-s-largest-yukos-oil-c.md) _Context: Gazprom_
9. [The Government of Bulgaria orders a halt to construction work on the Gazprom-led South Stream pipeline project planned to bypass Ukraine as a transit country into Europe. ](/news/2014/06/8/the-government-of-bulgaria-orders-a-halt-to-construction-work-on-the-gazprom-led-south-stream-pipeline-project-planned-to-bypass-ukraine-as.md) _Context: Gazprom_
10. [Russia's state-owned gas giant Gazprom says that Ukraine must pay up front for its gas after the country failed to settle its debt. ](/news/2014/06/16/russia-s-state-owned-gas-giant-gazprom-says-that-ukraine-must-pay-up-front-for-its-gas-after-the-country-failed-to-settle-its-debt.md) _Context: Gazprom_
