### [2013-09-20](/news/2013/09/20/index.md)

# The US Obama administration and the EPA propose that new coal plants be at least about 40% cleaner than current coal plants. 

Proposal to tackle emissions from the power sector will require new plants to be about 40% cleaner than current coal plants


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/sep/20/epa-limit-us-coal-plant-pollution)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2012/12/17/1355747654790/Smoke-stacks-at-American--008.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=7f8a3ea01b29a249ef9290dfad87fbdb)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: coal_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
3. [Peabody Energy says it plans to file a reorganization plan in the middle of December because recent increases in the price of coal have eased conflicts among its creditors. ](/news/2016/11/23/peabody-energy-says-it-plans-to-file-a-reorganization-plan-in-the-middle-of-december-because-recent-increases-in-the-price-of-coal-have-ease.md) _Context: coal_
4. [The Obama administration lifts U.S. sanctions on Myanmar by terminating an emergency order that deemed the policies of the former military government a threat to U.S. national security. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-lifts-u-s-sanctions-on-myanmar-by-terminating-an-emergency-order-that-deemed-the-policies-of-the-former-military-g.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
5. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
6. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
7. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Department of Justice announces that they will file criminal contempt of court charges against Maricopa County, Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio for violating a judge's order to stop immigration patrols that led to a court finding of racial profiling. The charges carry a maximum penalty of six months in jail. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-justice-announces-that-they-will-file-criminal-contempt-of-court-charges-against-mar.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
8. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-for-october-9-un.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
9. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Commerce transfers oversight of the technical management of the Internet by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to an international consortium of stakeholders. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-commerce-transfers-oversight-of-the-technical-management-of-the-internet-by.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
10. [The Obama administration chooses retired United States Air Force Brigadier General Gregory Touhill the first federal CISO chief, who reports to the CIO of the U.S. Tony Scott. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-obama-administration-chooses-retired-united-states-air-force-brigadier-general-gregory-touhill-the-first-federal-ciso-chief-who-reports.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
