### [2012-11-16](/news/2012/11/16/index.md)

# A photo of New York City Counterterrorism Officer Lawrence DePrimo, 25, taken today by an Arizona woman and posted on the New York City Police Department's Facebook page, which shows him buying a (normally $100) pair of waterproof winter boots from Skechers for a homeless Times Square man on 42nd Street without any shoes, goes viral, with 1.6 million views and 275,000 likes. 

On a cold November night, Officer Lawrence DePrimo gave boots to a barefoot man. The act of kindness might have gone unnoticed, had it not been for a tourist from Arizona. 


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/50007300)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/MSNBC/Components/Photo/_new/121129-cop-shoes-gift-jsw-430a.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
2. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: New York City, New York City Police Department_
3. [New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-arrested-yesterday-over-allegations-that-he-sexually.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
4. [Part of New York City's Times Square is evacuated and sealed off as a car bomb is discovered and deactivated before it could be detonated. ](/news/2010/05/1/part-of-new-york-city-s-times-square-is-evacuated-and-sealed-off-as-a-car-bomb-is-discovered-and-deactivated-before-it-could-be-detonated.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
5. [ A bomb causes minor damage to the door of a U.S. military recruiting center in Times Square, New York City. ](/news/2008/03/6/a-bomb-causes-minor-damage-to-the-door-of-a-u-s-military-recruiting-center-in-times-square-new-york-city.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
6. [ Two people were injured in an accident at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City when the M&M's balloon was tangled in a light pole and fell near Times Square. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051124/ap_on_re_us/thanksgiving_parade_16 (AP via Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:46, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/11/24/two-people-were-injured-in-an-accident-at-the-macy-s-thanksgiving-day-parade-in-new-york-city-when-the-m-m-s-balloon-was-tangled-in-a-light.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
7. [ New York City increases police presence in the New York City Subway system after receiving a credible terror threat. ](/news/2005/10/6/new-york-city-increases-police-presence-in-the-new-york-city-subway-system-after-receiving-a-credible-terror-threat.md) _Context: New York City, New York City Police Department_
8. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Facebook_
9. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook_
10. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: New York City_
