
Formats: [HTML](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.html)  [JSON](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.json)  [XML](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.xml)  

### [2012-11-16](/news/2012/11/16/index.md)

##### U.S. House of Representatives
# The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to end a Jackson-Vanik amendment, long-standing trade restriction with Russia. Also Magnitsky Law was adopted instead, it requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death, three years ago, of Sergei Magnitsky. ([https:--www.washingtonpost.com-world-europe-russia-chafes-as-house-passes-magnitsky-bill-2012-11-16-b589e544-300f-11e2-a30e-5ca76eeec857_story.html Washington Post])




### Changes:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to end a Jackson-Vanik amendment, long-standing trade restriction with Russia. Also Magnitsky Law was adopted instead, it requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death, three years ago, of Sergei Magnitsky. ([http:--www.washingtonpost.com-world-europe-russia-chafes-as-house-passes-magnitsky-bill-2012-11-16-b589e544-300f-11e2-a30e-5ca76eeec857_story.html Washington Post])](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jackson-vanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.md) _2017-08-27 03:36:59 (First version)_
1. [The U.S. House of Representatives voted overwhelmingly to end a Jackson-Vanik amendment, long-standing trade restriction with Russia. Also Magnitsky Law was adopted instead, it requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death, three years ago, of Sergei Magnitsky. ([https:--www.washingtonpost.com-world-europe-russia-chafes-as-house-passes-magnitsky-bill-2012-11-16-b589e544-300f-11e2-a30e-5ca76eeec857_story.html Washington Post])](/news/2012/11/16/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-voted-overwhelmingly-to-end-a-jacksonavanik-amendment-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-also.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Senate votes to repeal the Jackson-Vanik amendment, a long-standing trade restriction with Russia. In its place, the Magnitsky bill is adopted instead. The law requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death of Sergei Magnitsky three years ago. ](/news/2012/12/6/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-repeal-the-jacksonavanik-amendment-a-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-in-its-place-the-magnitsky-bi.md) _Context: Jackson-Vanik amendment, Russia, Sergei Magnitsky, United States_
2. [Reports surface about the publication on January 29 by the United States of a list of Russian politicians and oligarchs that the U.S. government was required by CAATSA to draw up. Russian President Vladimir Putin says that the list, on which he is not included, is an "unfriendly act" that complicates ties between the two countries. ](/news/2018/01/30/reports-surface-about-the-publication-on-january-29-by-the-united-states-of-a-list-of-russian-politicians-and-oligarchs-that-the-u-s-govern.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
3. [Turkey threatens to "strangle" the United States-backed Syrian Border Security Force "before it's even born", while Syria vows to crush it and expel American military personnel from the country. Russia called the plans "a plot to dismember Syria". ](/news/2018/01/15/turkey-threatens-to-strangle-the-united-states-backed-syrian-border-security-force-before-it-s-even-born-while-syria-vows-to-crush-it-a.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
4. [The United States and Russia begin fighting over the extradition of Yevgeniy Nikulin, who was detained in October 2016 in the Czech Republic, after the U.S. Justice Department issued an international arrest warrant for him. However, soon after the U.S. issued its arrest warrant, Russian authorities also sought his extradition. The Russian charge accuses Nikulin of stealing from an online money transfer company back in 2009. ](/news/2017/11/25/the-united-states-and-russia-begin-fighting-over-the-extradition-of-yevgeniy-nikulin-who-was-detained-in-october-2016-in-the-czech-republic.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [The United States releases a list of 39 Russian military companies and intelligence agencies targeted by economic sanctions under the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. ](/news/2017/10/27/the-united-states-releases-a-list-of-39-russian-military-companies-and-intelligence-agencies-targeted-by-economic-sanctions-under-the-counte.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
