### [2012-11-16](/news/2012/11/16/index.md)

# The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20352187)

### Related:

1. [ Croatian general Ante Gotovina, rated the third-most-wanted war criminal from the Yugoslav wars by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested by Spanish police in Tenerife and extradited to face the tribunal in The Hague. ](/news/2005/12/8/croatian-general-ante-gotovina-rated-the-third-most-wanted-war-criminal-from-the-yugoslav-wars-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: Ante Gotovina, Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague, Yugoslav Wars_
2. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Serb, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
3. [Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-committing-atrocit.md) _Context: Croatia, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
4. [Croatian military leaders Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac were convicted of war crimes ](/news/2011/04/15/croatian-military-leaders-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-were-convicted-of-war-crimes.md) _Context: Ante Gotovina, Croatia, Mladen Markac_
5. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Croatia, The Hague, Yugoslav Wars_
6. [Former Bosnian official Jadranko Prlic is sentenced to 25 years in prison by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for war crimes during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2013/05/29/former-bosnian-official-jadranko-prlia-is-sentenced-to-25-years-in-prison-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
7. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
8. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in  The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
9. [Serbia arrests Goran Hadzic, a Croatian Serb wartime leader, indicted for alleged crimes against humanity during the Croatian War of Independence. ](/news/2011/07/20/serbia-arrests-goran-hada3-4ia-a-croatian-serb-wartime-leader-indicted-for-alleged-crimes-against-humanity-during-the-croatian-war-of-indep.md) _Context: Croatia, Croatian Serb_
10. [Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic makes his first appearance at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands, and dismisses charges against him as "obnoxious." ](/news/2011/06/3/bosnian-serb-genocide-suspect-ratko-mladia-makes-his-first-appearance-at-the-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-netherlands-and-dismisses-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
