### [2012-11-16](/news/2012/11/16/index.md)

# Two people are missing and at least 4 are injured after an oil rig exploded in the Gulf of Mexico, near Louisiana. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/11/16/fire-on-oil-rig-in-gulf-mexico-coast-guard-officials-say/)

### Related:

1. [Transocean oil platform "Deepwater Horizon" sinks into the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana after an explosion two days earlier that injured 7, with 11 still missing. ](/news/2010/04/22/transocean-oil-platform-deepwater-horizon-sinks-into-the-gulf-of-mexico-off-the-coast-of-louisiana-after-an-explosion-two-days-earlier-tha.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana, offshore oil platform_
2. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
3. [Hercules 264, a Gulf of Mexico natural gas drilling rig, partially collapses off the coast of Louisiana after catching fire. ](/news/2013/07/23/hercules-264-a-gulf-of-mexico-natural-gas-drilling-rig-partially-collapses-off-the-coast-of-louisiana-after-catching-fire.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
4. [2012 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Debby forms in the Gulf of Mexico with a warning issued for the US state of Louisiana. This is the first time since 1851 that four storms have formed before July. ](/news/2012/06/23/2012-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-debby-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-with-a-warning-issued-for-the-us-state-of-louisiana-this-i.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
5. [The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the "Deepwater Horizon" drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/the-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-reaches-the-louisiana-coast.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Louisiana_
6. [ A storm in the Gulf of Mexico kills 18 Mexican oil workers fleeing an oil rig, with Navy rescue teams trying to reach survivors. ](/news/2007/10/24/a-storm-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-kills-18-mexican-oil-workers-fleeing-an-oil-rig-with-navy-rescue-teams-trying-to-reach-survivors.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, offshore oil platform_
7. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The death toll since last Friday is now 38, according to local officials in Texas. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-death-toll-sin.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
