### [2016-06-16](/news/2016/06/16/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bombing kills at least 10 security force members in the village of Abu Qurayn, west of Sirte. 

Suicide car bomb kills 10 members of forces allied to UN-backed government and wounds seven others west of Sirte.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/libyan-forces-killed-suicide-attack-sirte-160616130054316.html)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Warplanes of unidentified origin carry out airstrikes on ISIS camps in the Libyan city of Sirte. ](/news/2015/10/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-warplanes-of-unidentified-origin-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isis-camps-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State releases a video purportedly showing the beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians who had been previously kidnapped in Sirte. ](/news/2015/02/15/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-releases-a-video-purportedly-showing-the-beheading-of-21-egyptian-coptic-christians-who.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Ansar al-Sharia announces it is formally dissolving amid heavy losses that have wiped out its leadership and decimated its fighters. The group was responsible for the 2012 Benghazi attack. ](/news/2017/05/27/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-ansar-al-sharia-announces-it-is-formally-dissolving-amid-heavy-losses-that-have-wiped-out-its-leadership.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
