### [2016-06-16](/news/2016/06/16/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The United States accuses Russia of bombing U.S.-backed forces in southern Syria near al-Tanf close to the Iraq and Jordan borders. 

Airstrikes were conducted in southern Syria, where Russian aircraft have &quot;not been active for some time.&quot;


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/17/world/middleeast/syria-assad-obama-airstrikes-diplomats-memo.html?emc=edit_na_20160616&nlid=66213151&ref=cta&_r=0)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-usa-cable-idUSKCN0Z3087)
3. [Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/pentagon-russia-bombed-u.s.-backed-rebels-in-syria/article/2594178)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syrian-civil-war-syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governora.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
2. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/syrian-civil-war-after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-air.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, United States_
