### [2011-10-20](/news/2011/10/20/index.md)

# Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. 

Members of the three largest UK parties are being told to vote against a motion calling for a referendum to be held on UK membership of the European Union.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-15382019)

### Related:

1. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, referendum_
2. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
3. [Brexit negotiations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
4. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
5. [Brexit: The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/brexit-the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atom.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
6. [Georgia-European Union relations: Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
7. [Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
8. [Georgia-European Union relations: The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
9. [United Kingdom-United States relations: A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
10. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces.md) _Context: Britain, European Union_
