### [2013-10-4](/news/2013/10/4/index.md)

# Voters in the Republic of Ireland take part in a referendum to decide whether the Seanad Eireann (Irish Senate) - the upper house of their parliament - should be abolished, and reforms made to the Court of Appeal. 

Voting has closed in a referendum on whether to retain the Senate in the Republic of Ireland.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24395339)

### Related:

1. [In two referendums, voters in the Republic of Ireland reject government proposals to abolish Seanad ireann, the upper house of the country's parliament, but support plans to create a Court of Appeal. ](/news/2013/10/5/in-two-referendums-voters-in-the-republic-of-ireland-reject-government-proposals-to-abolish-seanad-eireann-the-upper-house-of-the-country.md) _Context: Court of Appeal, Ireland, two referendums_
2. [The secretive Opus Dei sect is mobilising within the Irish professions to interfere with abortion law reform, according to Senator John Crown. ](/news/2013/03/12/the-secretive-opus-dei-sect-is-mobilising-within-the-irish-professions-to-interfere-with-abortion-law-reform-according-to-senator-john-crow.md) _Context: Ireland, Seanad Eireann_
3. [ The ruling party Fianna Fail endures significant losses in Ireland's local elections and parliamentary by-elections in Dublin Central and Dublin South. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-ruling-party-fianna-fa-il-endures-significant-losses-in-ireland-s-local-elections-and-parliamentary-by-elections-in-dublin-central-and.md) _Context: Ireland, parliament_
4. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
