### [2002-11-24](/news/2002/11/24/index.md)

#  2002 Austrian legislative elections: The conservative Austrian People's Party (OVP), led by Federal Chancellor Wolfgang Schssel wins a landslide victory (42.27% of the vote), picking up 27 seats and becoming the largest party in the National Council for the first time since 1966. The Freedom Party of Austria (FP) is reduced to 10.16% of the vote and loses 34 seats.




### Related:

1. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces, part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government. ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democra.md) _Context: Austrian People's Party_
2. [Voters in Austria go to the polls to elect a new President in a second round run-off between Green candidate Alexander Van der Bellen and Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. Projections show that Van der Bellen has won with Hofer conceding defeat. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-austria-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-in-a-second-round-run-off-between-green-candidate-alexander-van-der-bellen-and-fr.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
3. [Freedom Party of Austria presidential candidate Norbert Hofer intends to hold a referendum on European Union membership if elected. ](/news/2016/11/24/freedom-party-of-austria-presidential-candidate-norbert-hofer-intends-to-hold-a-referendum-on-european-union-membership-if-elected.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
4. [Austria's highest court orders a repeat of the presidential elections narrowly lost in May by right-wing populist Freedom Party of Austria candidate Norbert Hofer. The margin of votes was less than 1%. ](/news/2016/07/1/austriaas-highest-court-orders-a-repeat-of-the-presidential-elections-narrowly-lost-in-may-by-right-wing-populist-freedom-party-of-austria.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
5. [Austrians vote in the first round of electing the next president. Preliminary estimates indicate FPO's Norbert Hofer won the first round with 36 percent of the vote. Greens' Alexander Van der Bellen, who is supported by the Green Party, garnered 20%, and another independent, Irmgard Griss, took 18.5 percent. President Heinz Fischer was not eligible to be re-elected. Candidates representing the two leading parties, that have ruled for the past 70 years, were eliminated. Hofer and Van der Bellen will compete in the runoff election on May 22, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/24/austrians-vote-in-the-first-round-of-electing-the-next-president-preliminary-estimates-indicate-fpa-s-norbert-hofer-won-the-first-round-wi.md) _Context: Freedom Party of Austria_
6. [Michael Spindelegger resigns as vice-chancellor and finance minister of Austria; as leader of the Austrian People's Party, he is replaced by Reinhold Mitterlehner. ](/news/2014/08/26/michael-spindelegger-resigns-as-vice-chancellor-and-finance-minister-of-austria-as-leader-of-the-austrian-people-s-party-he-is-replaced-by.md) _Context: Austrian People's Party_
7. [Official partial returns from the Armenian presidential election indicate that incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan will be reelected in a landslide with the leading Opposition candidate Raffi Hovannisian raising concerns about irregularities. ](/news/2013/02/19/official-partial-returns-from-the-armenian-presidential-election-indicate-that-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-will-be-reelected-in-a-lan.md) _Context: landslide_
8. [Voters in Ecuador go to the polls for a general election with incumbent President Rafael Correa claiming a landslide victory. ](/news/2013/02/17/voters-in-ecuador-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-incumbent-president-rafael-correa-claiming-a-landslide-victory.md) _Context: landslide_
9. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: landslide_
10. [In a landslide victory, Prime Minister Victor Ponta's ruling Social Liberal Union wins nearly 60% of votes in Romania's parliamentary election, with a projected 66-67% of MP mandates. ](/news/2012/12/10/in-a-landslide-victory-prime-minister-victor-ponta-s-ruling-social-liberal-union-wins-nearly-60-of-votes-in-romania-s-parliamentary-electi.md) _Context: landslide_
