### [2006-03-18](/news/2006/03/18/index.md)

#  Hamas announces the formation of its new cabinet to govern the territory under the control of the Palestinian Authority. Hamas, however, in a last-ditch effort to include the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine in the government, postponed by one day the submission of the new cabinet to the approval of PNA President Mahmoud Abbas. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/50FDBDCB-BEB1-4B66-BA8A-2388E2D8FF7F.htm)
2. [IOL](http://breakingnews.iol.ie/news/story.asp?j=176423046&p=y764z375z)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Palestinian Authority President_
2. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas- violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamas-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
4. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were -hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians-; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-hijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iranians-possibly-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
5. [Hamas' interior ministry executes three Palestinians in Gaza, without the approval of the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/05/18/hamas-interior-ministry-executes-three-palestinians-in-gaza-without-the-approval-of-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-m.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
6. [ President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas states in a speech that "we have to bring down" Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/15/president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-states-in-a-speech-that-we-have-to-bring-down-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
7. [ Mahmoud Abbas, president of the Palestinian National Authority, outlaws armed factions of Hamas. ](/news/2007/06/17/mahmoud-abbas-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-outlaws-armed-factions-of-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
8. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:. Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer.. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
9. [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Mashal meet together in Syria to try to end violence between the two factions. However, differences remain and talks will resume possibly next week. ](/news/2007/01/21/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-meet-together-in-syria-to-try-to-end-violence-between-the-two.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
10. [ A planned meeting between Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal is postponed. ](/news/2007/01/20/a-planned-meeting-between-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-meshaal-is-postponed.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
