### [2013-02-8](/news/2013/02/8/index.md)

# Authorities are investigating how a hacker obtained access to the e-mail accounts of George H. W. Bush as well as several of the former U.S. President's relatives and close friends. 




### Source:

1. [MSN Today News](http://todaynews.today.com/_news/2013/02/08/16897728-hacker-accesses-email-account-of-george-hw-bush)

### Related:

1. [Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is released from The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, after more than seven weeks of treatment for bronchitis. ](/news/2013/01/14/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-released-from-the-methodist-hospital-in-houston-texas-after-more-than-seven-weeks-of-treatment.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, U.S. President_
2. [Former U.S. President, 88-year-old George H. W. Bush, still receiving visitors, remains hospitalized (since 23 November) at The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas, where he resides during the winter, with a receding bronchitis-like cough but with a now-rising and long-lasting fever, and has been put in intensive care on a liquids-only diet for unspecified reasons. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-u-s-president-88-year-old-george-h-w-bush-still-receiving-visitors-remains-hospitalized-since-23-november-at-the-methodist-ho.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, U.S. President_
3. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: U.S. President_
4. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump announces Homeland Security Secretary John F. Kelly will be White House Chief of Staff, replacing Reince Priebus. ](/news/2017/07/28/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-homeland-security-secretary-john-f-kelly-will-be-white-house.md) _Context: U.S. President_
5. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: U.S. President_
6. [ North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-United States relations: North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to -maximum pace- and test a nuclear device -at any time- in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: U.S. President_
7. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancels the meeting scheduled for next week with U.S. President Donald Trump, citing his plan to build a border wall between the two countries. ](/news/2017/01/26/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-cancels-the-meeting-scheduled-for-next-week-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: U.S. President_
8. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: hackers_
10. [Bangladesh Bank money laundering case: Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers installed malware in the bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladesh-bank-money-laundering-case-bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-la.md) _Context: hackers_
