### [2013-02-8](/news/2013/02/8/index.md)

# Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):The country's first reported suicide bomber blows himself up in Gao, injuring one Malian soldier. In the north, French and Chadian forces retake the city of Tessalit. 

GAO, Mali (AP) — A suspected al-Qaida-linked militant blew himself up near a military checkpoint Friday on the outskirts of Gao in the first suicide bombing attack since the French-led mission began, fueling fears of a looming insurgency by the jihadists who fled into the nearby desert just two weeks


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21381379)
2. [AP via Yahoo News!](http://news.yahoo.com/french-back-mali-town-bomber-attacks-gao-171624775.html)

### Related:

1. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):Insurgents launch an attack on the strategic city of Gao, capturing a police station and sparking a day-long firefight that included Malian troops, as well as French attack helicopters. ](/news/2013/02/11/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pinsurgents-launch-an-attack-on-the-strategic-city-of-gao-capturing-a-police-station-and-sparking-a.md) _Context: France, Gao, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
2. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):French-led troops in Mali take control of Gao International Airport in the northern town and Islamist stronghold of Gao. ](/news/2013/01/26/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pfrench-led-troops-in-mali-take-control-of-gao-international-airport-in-the-northern-town-and-islami.md) _Context: France, Gao, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
3. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present): Islamists rebels capture the Malian town of Diabaly after fierce fighting with government troops, as French airplanes strike targets in Gao. ](/news/2013/01/14/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pislamists-rebels-capture-the-malian-town-of-diabaly-after-fierce-fighting-with-government-troops.md) _Context: France, Gao, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
4. [A suicide bomber kills two Chadian troops and injures six other MINUSMA peacekeepers in an attack on a checkpoint at the entry to the northern town of Tessalit, Mali. ](/news/2013/10/23/a-suicide-bomber-kills-two-chadian-troops-and-injures-six-other-minusma-peacekeepers-in-an-attack-on-a-checkpoint-at-the-entry-to-the-northe.md) _Context: Chad, Mali, Tessalit_
5. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):2013 Kidal suicide attack: Two suicide bombers kill three Chadian soldiers and injure dozens of civilians at a market in Kidal, Mali. ](/news/2013/04/12/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-p2013-kidal-suicide-attack-two-suicide-bombers-kill-three-chadian-soldiers-and-injure-dozens-of-civ.md) _Context: Chad, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
6. [Northern Mali conflict:The Government of Mali announces that 63 of their soldiers have been killed fighting jihadists since the French led intervention Operation Serval in January 2013. ](/news/2013/03/27/northern-mali-conflict-pthe-government-of-mali-announces-that-63-of-their-soldiers-have-been-killed-fighting-jihadists-since-the-french-led.md) _Context: France, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
7. [Northern Mali conflict:10 Chadian soldiers and 28 Islamist insurgents are killed in heavy fighting in the Adrar des Ifoghas mountains of northern Mali. ](/news/2013/02/24/northern-mali-conflict-p10-chadian-soldiers-and-28-islamist-insurgents-are-killed-in-heavy-fighting-in-the-adrar-des-ifoghas-mountains-of-no.md) _Context: Chad, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
8. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):Firefights between Islamists and the Malian Army break out in Gao, Mali. ](/news/2013/02/10/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pfirefights-between-islamists-and-the-malian-army-break-out-in-gao-mali.md) _Context: Gao, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
9. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):The number of French forces in the country rises to 1,400, more than half of the planned 2,500 strong force, as its troops continue to fight insurgents in Konna and Diabaly. Chad prepares to send the first 200 troops of a 2000-strong force to assist in the military operations as part of a regional mission. The European Union votes to send 450 to 500 "non-combat" troops to Mali, half of them are trainers. ](/news/2013/01/17/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pthe-number-of-french-forces-in-the-country-rises-to-1-400-more-than-half-of-the-planned-2-500-stro.md) _Context: Chad, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
10. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):African troops are to be deployed in Mali to fight alongside French and Malian soldiers within a week. ](/news/2013/01/15/northern-mali-conflict-2012apresent-pafrican-troops-are-to-be-deployed-in-mali-to-fight-alongside-french-and-malian-soldiers-within-a-we.md) _Context: France, Mali, Northern Mali conflict (2012–present)_
