### [2013-02-8](/news/2013/02/8/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Over 110 people are killed nationwide by the Syrian army in Syria. 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2013/02/08/265196.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army takes control of the strategic Turkmen town of Rabia in Syria's Latakia Governorate. The town had been under rebel control since 2012. ](/news/2016/01/24/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-takes-control-of-the-strategic-turkmen-town-of-rabia-in-syria-s-latakia-governorate-the-town-had-been-und.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre: At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syrian-civil-war-syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governora.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-dur.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War: Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-i.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:: At least 57 people are killed by the Syrian Army in the towns of Sanamayn and Ghabaghib, Daraa Governorate, Syria. ](/news/2013/04/11/syrian-civil-war-at-least-57-people-are-killed-by-the-syrian-army-in-the-towns-of-sanamayn-and-ghabaghib-daraa-governorate-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war:: The LCC report that up to 400 people have been killed across Syria on Saturday, including about 200 reported executed by the Syrian Army in the Deir Ballba neighborhood of Homs. ](/news/2012/12/29/syrian-civil-war-the-lcc-report-that-up-to-400-people-have-been-killed-across-syria-on-saturday-including-about-200-reported-executed-by.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war:: A second mortar shell from Syria has been fired at an Israeli military outpost in the Golan Heights, after a similar incident the day before. The Israel Defence Forces have responded with tank fire at the source of the bombardment, scoring several direct hits on artillery units belonging to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2012/11/12/syrian-civil-war-a-second-mortar-shell-from-syria-has-been-fired-at-an-israeli-military-outpost-in-the-golan-heights-after-a-similar-inci.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
