### [2016-04-16](/news/2016/04/16/index.md)

# Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016. As protesters continue to take to the streets of Skopje, Macedonia, lawmakers confirmed that a snap election will take place on June 5 despite the protesters being angry at President Gjorge Ivanov-s decision to halt investigations into more than 50 public figures, including top politicians embroiled in a wire-tapping scandal. Zoran Zaev, the main opposition leader, vowed to boycott the election. 

Protests on streets of Skopje for fourth night after Macedonia confirmed 5 June elections as country grapples with crisis


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/16/protests-amid-crisis-after-macedonia-calls-snap-elections-for-june)

### Related:

1. [2016 Macedonian protests. Protests against President Gjorge Ivanov continue in Skopje, the capital of Macedonia, after his decision to pardon politicians involved in a scandal. ](/news/2016/04/18/2016-macedonian-protests-protests-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-continue-in-skopje-the-capital-of-macedonia-after-his-decision-to-pardo.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Macedonian, President, Skopje_
2. [ A number of people were injured in clashes between police and several thousand protestors in Skopje, Macedonia, with demonstrators breaking into President Gjorge Ivanov's offices. ](/news/2016/04/13/a-number-of-people-were-injured-in-clashes-between-police-and-several-thousand-protestors-in-skopje-macedonia-with-demonstrators-breaking.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Macedonian, President, Skopje_
3. [Protests continue in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, against President Gjorge Ivanov's decision to suspend an investigation into the alleged corruption of a number of politicians. ](/news/2016/04/17/protests-continue-in-skopje-republic-of-macedonia-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-s-decision-to-suspend-an-investigation-into-the-alleged.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Macedonian, Skopje_
4. [Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016. Macedonian voters elect a new parliament. ](/news/2016/12/11/macedonian-parliamentary-election-2016-macedonian-voters-elect-a-new-parliament.md) _Context: Macedonian, Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016_
5. [2016 Macedonian floods. Floods in Macedonia's capital, Skopje, kill at least 21 people with six others missing and dozens injured following torrential rain and strong winds late Saturday. ](/news/2016/08/7/2016-macedonian-floods-floods-in-macedonia-s-capital-skopje-kill-at-least-21-people-with-six-others-missing-and-dozens-injured-following.md) _Context: Macedonian, Skopje_
6. [Macedonian opposition leader Zoran Zaev pledges to boycott the early Macedonian parliamentary elections, saying it is due to a lack of government reforms. ](/news/2016/04/8/macedonian-opposition-leader-zoran-zaev-pledges-to-boycott-the-early-macedonian-parliamentary-elections-saying-it-is-due-to-a-lack-of-gover.md) _Context: Macedonian, Zoran Zaev_
7. [2016 Macedonian protests. The European Union cancels mediation talks on resolving the political crisis in Macedonia after that country's main political opposition, led by Zoran Zaev, declined to take part. ](/news/2016/04/21/2016-macedonian-protests-the-european-union-cancels-mediation-talks-on-resolving-the-political-crisis-in-macedonia-after-that-country-s-mai.md) _Context: Macedonian, Zoran Zaev_
8. [2016 Macedonian protests. Protests continue against President Gjorge Ivanov in Skopje, Macedonia. Opposition leader Zoran Zaev said he will only take part in EU-brokered negotiations with the government if certain conditions are met. ](/news/2016/04/20/2016-macedonian-protests-protests-continue-against-president-gjorge-ivanov-in-skopje-macedonia-opposition-leader-zoran-zaev-said-he-will.md) _Context: Gjorge Ivanov, Zoran Zaev_
9. [Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016. The European Union and the United States advise interim Macedonian Prime Minister Emil Dimitriev to postpone elections scheduled for April 24, 2016. ](/news/2016/02/21/macedonian-parliamentary-election-2016-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-advise-interim-macedonian-prime-minister-emil-dimitriev-to.md) _Context: Macedonian, Macedonian parliamentary election, 2016_
10. [Macedonia declares a state of emergency and deploys police units on its borders as immigrants from the Middle East, mainly from Syria and Iraq, block the railway line between Thessaloniki and Skopje. ](/news/2015/08/20/macedonia-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-deploys-police-units-on-its-borders-as-immigrants-from-the-middle-east-mainly-from-syria-and-ir.md) _Context: Macedonian, Skopje_
