### [2016-04-16](/news/2016/04/16/index.md)

# Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats.  Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. 

Islamist militants seized four Indonesian crew of a tugboat in the southern Philippines on Friday night, the third attack on slow moving vessels in about a month, a military spokesman said on Saturday, as troops battled Muslim rebels on a nearby island.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/philippines-militants-indonesians-idINKCN0XD0E5)

### Related:

1. [Four Sarawakian Malaysians are kidnapped off the coast of Sabah by suspected members of the Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/04/3/four-sarawakian-malaysians-are-kidnapped-off-the-coast-of-sabah-by-suspected-members-of-the-abu-sayyaf-a-group-linked-to-the-islamic-state.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, ISIL, Moro conflict, Sabah_
2. [Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines agree on joint naval patrols after an increase of kidnappings by the Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/28/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-agree-on-joint-naval-patrols-after-an-increase-of-kidnappings-by-the-abu-sayyaf-militants.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Indonesia, Malaysia, Moro conflict_
3. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Malaysia, Moro conflict, Sabah_
4. [Abu Sayyaf frees a Norwegian hostage for a ransom of [?]30 million (US$638,000) and releases three kidnapped Indonesians from Sabah. ](/news/2016/09/17/abu-sayyaf-frees-a-norwegian-hostage-for-a-ransom-of-a-30-million-us-638-000-and-releases-three-kidnapped-indonesians-from-sabah.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Indonesia, Moro conflict_
5. [Abu Sayyaf of the Philippines allegedly kidnap three Filipino fishermen from their trawler off the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo island. ](/news/2016/09/12/abu-sayyaf-of-the-philippines-allegedly-kidnap-three-filipino-fishermen-from-their-trawler-off-the-malaysian-state-of-sabah-on-borneo-island.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict, Sabah_
6. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant urges its supporters in Indonesia and Malaysia to go to the Philippines and fight against newly-elected president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-urges-its-supporters-in-indonesia-and-malaysia-to-go-to-the-philippines-and-fight-against-newly-ele.md) _Context: ISIL, Malaysia, Moro conflict_
7. [Abu Sayyaf militants release 10 Indonesians the group had kidnapped from their tugboat and barge on March 28. ](/news/2016/05/1/abu-sayyaf-militants-release-10-indonesians-the-group-had-kidnapped-from-their-tugboat-and-barge-on-march-28.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Indonesia, Moro conflict_
8. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015,  from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III  had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped  by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, ISIL, Moro conflict_
9. [Ten people are killed in Inabanga, Bohol, in the Philippines' Central Visayas, after the country's National Police and Armed Forces clash with suspected members of Abu Sayyaf. ](/news/2017/04/12/ten-people-are-killed-in-inabanga-bohol-in-the-philippines-central-visayas-after-the-country-s-national-police-and-armed-forces-clash-wi.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Philippine National Police_
10. [The Abu Sayyaf militant group beheads their German hostage Jurgen Kantner in Indanan, Philippines. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-abu-sayyaf-militant-group-beheads-their-german-hostage-jurgen-kantner-in-indanan-philippines.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict_
