### [2016-04-16](/news/2016/04/16/index.md)

# Pope Francis arrives on the Greek island of Lesbos. Francis is expected to visit the Moria detention facility, where he will have lunch with some of the 3,060 men, women, and children there. 

Pontiff visits Greek island to highlight refugee crisis, telling crowds: ‘We hope the world will heed these scenes of tragic need’


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/16/pope-francis-flies-to-lesbos-to-highlight-humanitarian-crisis-in-europe)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/pope-francis-arrives-on-lesbos-in-visit-intended-to-prick-europes-conscience/2016/04/16/b0a66c08-fd09-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/32627a24c7f36224d55d48050f4f51f2fc37a515/0_0_4928_2957/4928.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=d10113d47fbf90a463307c90fa2b10fa)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greek, Lesbos, Pope Francis_
2. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
3. [Clashes break out between migrants and riot police at the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos after a policeman reportedly hit a minor. The violence occurred as a Greek migration minister was visiting the center. Several refugees/migrants are reported injured. ](/news/2016/04/26/clashes-break-out-between-migrants-and-riot-police-at-the-ma2ria-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-after-a-policeman-reportedly-hit-a-minor.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
4. [At least 27 migrants die in a shipwreck in the Aegean Sea when a boat capsizes in the Turkish bay of Edremit, near the Greek island of Lesbos. ](/news/2016/02/8/at-least-27-migrants-die-in-a-shipwreck-in-the-aegean-sea-when-a-boat-capsizes-in-the-turkish-bay-of-edremit-near-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
5. [An extensive search is underway in the northeastern Aegean Sea off the Greek island of Lesbos for at least 34 people missing from a boat that sank yesterday. Some 242 people were rescued but eight died, five children, two men and a woman. ](/news/2015/10/29/an-extensive-search-is-underway-in-the-northeastern-aegean-sea-off-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-for-at-least-34-people-missing-from-a-boat-tha.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
6. [Some 26 migrants are feared missing after a dinghy carrying them sinks off the coast of the Greek island of Lesbos. The Greek Coast Guard rescued 20 people who were spotted in the water by Frontex, EU's border agency. ](/news/2015/09/20/some-26-migrants-are-feared-missing-after-a-dinghy-carrying-them-sinks-off-the-coast-of-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-greek-coast-guard-re.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Lesbos_
7. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
8. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
9. [Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
10. [Macedonian police fire tear gas at refugees as they attempted to break through a fence at the Greece-Macedonia border near Idomeni, sparking clashes that injured 200 people. ](/news/2016/04/10/macedonian-police-fire-tear-gas-at-refugees-as-they-attempted-to-break-through-a-fence-at-the-greece-macedonia-border-near-idomeni-sparking.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
