### [2016-04-16](/news/2016/04/16/index.md)

# The United States Army approves 22 soldiers requests to become the service's first female infantry and armor unit officers.  Thirteen women will enter the armor branch, and nine others will enter infantry as second lieutenants. 

The Army approved the requests of 22 women to commission to become officers in the infantry and armor branches.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/04/16/Army-approves-22-women-as-infantry-armor-officers/3741460808615/?spt=rln&or=4)

### Related:

1. [Former United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years of her 35-year sentence. ](/news/2017/05/17/former-united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-of-her-35-year-sentence.md) _Context: United States Army_
2. [A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland. At least one crew member is injured and taken to hospital. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-united-states-army-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-on-a-golf-course-in-leonardtown-maryland-at-least-one-crew-member-is-injured-and.md) _Context: United States Army_
3. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: United States Army_
4. [Michael T. Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor following controversy over his alleged contacts with Russian officials. Retired United States Army general Keith Kellogg subsequently becomes acting  National Security Advisor until a permanent replacement is appointed. ](/news/2017/02/13/michael-t-flynn-resigns-as-national-security-advisor-following-controversy-over-his-alleged-contacts-with-russian-officials-retired-united.md) _Context: United States Army_
5. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: United States Army_
6. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: United States Army_
7. [At least five United States Army soldiers are killed and four are missing after their Light Medium Tactical Vehicle overturns near Fort Hood in Texas. ](/news/2016/06/2/at-least-five-united-states-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-four-are-missing-after-their-light-medium-tactical-vehicle-overturns-near-fort-hood.md) _Context: United States Army_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-the-country-s-probl.md) _Context: United States Army_
9. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: United States Army_
10. [A United States Army soldier is killed and two others wounded in a joint operation with Afghan National Security Forces in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. ](/news/2016/01/5/a-united-states-army-soldier-is-killed-and-two-others-wounded-in-a-joint-operation-with-afghan-national-security-forces-in-afghanistan-s-sou.md) _Context: United States Army_
