### [2016-04-16](/news/2016/04/16/index.md)

# The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. 

MIAMI (AP) — The U.S. has released nine more prisoners from its base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and sent them to Saudi Arabia for resettlement, officials said Saturday. The move announced in a Pentagon statement is part…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f05bfc64420e4d68bfbd318ed55e69bb/us-frees-9-guantanamo-prisoners-sends-them-saudi-arabia)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/16/politics/guantanamo-detainees-transfer/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Crisis: The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States, Yemen_
3. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni War: Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yakla raid: A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yakla-raid-a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medic.md) _Context: United States, Yemen_
6. [Oman receives 10 former detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following a request by the United States to take them. ](/news/2017/01/16/oman-receives-10-former-detainees-of-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-following-a-request-by-the-united-states-to-take-them.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp, United States_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
