### [2015-07-26](/news/2015/07/26/index.md)

# A bomb detonates on a bus carrying Egyptian military conscripts in Arish, injuring 18. 




### Source:

1. [Daily News Egypt](http://www.dailynewsegypt.com/2015/07/26/18-soldiers-injured-in-al-arish-bomb-explosion/)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: November 2015 Sinai attack: A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/sinai-insurgency-november-2015-sinai-attack-a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housi.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt_
2. [Sinai insurgency: Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-succ.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt_
3. [Militants open fire on a bus carrying workers from a cement factory in Arish, Northern Sinai, Egypt, killing three and injuring 17. The gunfire is believed to have been intended for a police vehicle.](/news/2013/07/15/militants-open-fire-on-a-bus-carrying-workers-from-a-cement-factory-in-arish-northern-sinai-egypt-killing-three-and-injuring-17-the-gunf.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt_
4. [Armed men open fire at a checkpoint in the Egyptian city of Arish on the Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2012/08/8/armed-men-open-fire-at-a-checkpoint-in-the-egyptian-city-of-arish-on-the-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt_
5. [An explosion hits the gas pipeline between Egypt, Israel and Jordan in the North Sinai Governorate west of Arish. ](/news/2012/02/5/an-explosion-hits-the-gas-pipeline-between-egypt-israel-and-jordan-in-the-north-sinai-governorate-west-of-arish.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt_
6. [Natural gas supplies to Jordan and Israel are hit by an explosion in the Arab Gas Pipeline in the town of Arish in North Sinai near Egypt's border with Israel with an armed group believed responsible. ](/news/2011/04/27/natural-gas-supplies-to-jordan-and-israel-are-hit-by-an-explosion-in-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-the-town-of-arish-in-north-sinai-near-egypt-s.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt_
7. [Alexandria train collision: Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
