### [2015-07-26](/news/2015/07/26/index.md)

# John Sewel, Baron Sewel steps down from his position as Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords following a drug scandal. 

Lord Sewel is facing a police inquiry after quitting as House of Lords deputy speaker over a video allegedly showing him taking drugs with prostitutes.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-33667676)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/1F03/production/_84493970_84493969.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: House of Lords_
3. [The British Parliament's House of Lords gives final approval to a bill that earlier in February had been approved in the House of Commons, refusing to block the plan by a majority of 232, that would allow, through a modified form of in vitro fertilization (IVF), the creation of three-person babies, to treat certain mitochondrial disorders (mitochondria are parts of cells that convert nutrients into useful cellular energy to fuel vital processes), by using a very small segment of mitochondrial DNA from another woman to replace the mother's defective DNA; the U.K. is the first to authorize the still ethically controversial procedure. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-british-parliament-s-house-of-lords-gives-final-approval-to-a-bill-that-earlier-in-february-had-been-approved-in-the-house-of-commons-r.md) _Context: House of Lords_
4. [Britain's Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg announces that plans to reform the House of Lords will be abandoned after his party's coalition partners, the Conservatives, failed to support the proposals. The Lib Dems will also not support Conservative plans to reduce the number of MPs in the House of Commons. ](/news/2012/08/6/britain-s-deputy-prime-minister-and-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-nick-clegg-announces-that-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-will-be-ab.md) _Context: House of Lords_
5. [ In an appearance before the House of Lords Communications Select Committee, BBC Director-General Mark Thompson denies that the appearance of British National Party leader Nick Griffin on "Question Time" was a bid for ratings. ](/news/2009/10/28/in-an-appearance-before-the-house-of-lords-communications-select-committee-bbc-director-general-mark-thompson-denies-that-the-appearance-o.md) _Context: House of Lords_
6. [ Multiple sclerosis sufferer Debbie Purdy wins a "landmark victory" in the House of Lords in her fight to allow her husband to help her commit suicide abroad. ](/news/2009/07/30/multiple-sclerosis-sufferer-debbie-purdy-wins-a-landmark-victory-in-the-house-of-lords-in-her-fight-to-allow-her-husband-to-help-her-comm.md) _Context: House of Lords_
7. [ Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html ("Daily Telegraph")] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece ("Times")] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile ("Guardian")] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html ("Daily Telegraph")] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/secretary-of-state-for-transport-geoff-hoon-announces-his-resignation-http-www-telegraph-co-uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-54.md) _Context: House of Lords_
8. [ The U.S. Supreme Court denies a bail request by Conrad Black, a member of the British House of Lords who remains in a federal prison in Florida.](/news/2009/06/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-denies-a-bail-request-by-conrad-black-a-member-of-the-british-house-of-lords-who-remains-in-a-federal-prison-in-flo.md) _Context: House of Lords_
9. [ The United Kingdom's House of Lords suspends Thomas Taylor and Peter Truscott until November for misconduct. ](/news/2009/05/20/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-lords-suspends-thomas-taylor-and-peter-truscott-until-november-for-misconduct.md) _Context: House of Lords_
10. [ The United Kingdom House of Lords rejects the Counter-Terrorism Bill 2008 by 309 votes to 118. ](/news/2008/10/13/the-united-kingdom-house-of-lords-rejects-the-counter-terrorism-bill-2008-by-309-votes-to-118.md) _Context: House of Lords_
