### [2015-07-26](/news/2015/07/26/index.md)

# Palestinian youth and Israeli riot police clash at the Al-Aqsa Mosque as the Muslims attacked Jews celebrating Tisha B'Av with rocks and firecrackers and barricaded themselves inside the mosque. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/27/world/middleeast/palestinian-youths-clash-with-israeli-police-at-al-aqsa-mosque.html)

### Related:

1. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel_
2. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
3. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
4. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel_
5. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the  Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to  unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/indonesian-president-joko-ajokowia-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-oic-summit-meeting-in-ja.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Mosque, Israel_
9. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Sweden officially recognises Palestine as a sovereign state. Israel recalls its ambassador to Sweden. ](/news/2014/10/30/sweden-officially-recognises-palestine-as-a-sovereign-state-israel-recalls-its-ambassador-to-sweden.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
