### [2017-09-22](/news/2017/09/22/index.md)

# Tens of thousands of people in northern Puerto Rico are ordered to evacuate after floodwaters from Hurricane Maria damage the Guajataca Dam. 

Entire neighborhoods are blanketed in murky water, the waves in some cases reaching near the first-floor windows. Tops of buildings were sliced open, their top-floor rooms visible like dollhouses.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/09/22/at-least-6-dead-in-puerto-rico-due-to-hurricane-maria-officials-say/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Senator John McCain says the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
2. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
3. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
4. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico_
5. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
6. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
7. [Maria strengthens into a hurricane and causes flooding in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. ](/news/2017/09/27/maria-strengthens-into-a-hurricane-and-causes-flooding-in-the-outer-banks-of-north-carolina.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
8. [Maria, now a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), is passing offshore of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, expected to impact the Turks and Caicos Islands and southeastern Bahamas later tonight and Friday. ](/news/2017/09/21/maria-now-a-category-3-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-125-mph-205-km-h-is-passing-offshore-of-the-northern-coast-of-the-domin.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
9. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
10. [Hurricane Maria has been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Hurricane watches and warnings have been issued in parts of the Caribbean. It is following a path similar to Category 5 Hurricane Irma which left at least 82 dead. ](/news/2017/09/17/hurricane-maria-has-been-upgraded-from-a-tropical-storm-to-a-category-1-hurricane-hurricane-watches-and-warnings-have-been-issued-in-parts.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Maria_
