### [2013-02-2](/news/2013/02/2/index.md)

# An ATR-72 aircraft belonging to Carpatair veers off a runway at Rome's Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport, injuring at least 6 people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Montreal Gazette](http://www.montrealgazette.com/news/world/Romanian+airplane+lands+runway+Rome+airport+heavy+wind/7910831/story.html)

### Related:

1. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely -a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done-. ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
2. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
3. [Italian local elections, 2016. Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Rome_
4. [Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse. Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/royal-commission-into-institutional-responses-to-child-sexual-abuse-cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholi.md) _Context: Rome_
5. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: Rome_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Turkish involvement in the Syrian Civil War. NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's downing of a Russian jet. ](/news/2015/12/18/syrian-civil-war-turkish-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-nato-allies-agree-to-send-aircraft-and-ships-to-strengthen-turkey-s-syrian-bo.md) _Context: aircraft_
7. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Rome_
8. [Scores of flights are cancelled after a fire devastates part of terminal three at Rome's Fiumicino Airport. The fire was triggered by an electrical fault. ](/news/2015/05/7/scores-of-flights-are-cancelled-after-a-fire-devastates-part-of-terminal-three-at-rome-s-fiumicino-airport-the-fire-was-triggered-by-an-ele.md) _Context: Rome_
9. [TransAsia Airways Flight 235. A TransAsia Airways ATR 72 turboprop aircraft with 58 people on board en route from the Taiwanese capital Taipei to Kinmen, Taiwan crashes into the Keelung River near Taipei just after liftoff killing at least 31 people with several injures and missing. ](/news/2015/02/4/transasia-airways-flight-235-a-transasia-airways-atr-72-turboprop-aircraft-with-58-people-on-board-en-route-from-the-taiwanese-capital-taip.md) _Context: ATR 72_
10. [Several hundred hooligans supporting the Dutch football club Feyenoord clash with the police in Rome, before the club's Europa League contest with local side Roma. In the clashes several people are injured and a large fragment of the 17th century Barcaccia fountain by Gianlorenzo Bernini is smashed. [http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/wireStory/rome-mayor-dutch-pay-damage-feyenoord-fans-29097285 (AP via ABC (U.S.))]](/news/2015/02/19/several-hundred-hooligans-supporting-the-dutch-football-club-feyenoord-clash-with-the-police-in-rome-before-the-club-s-europa-league-contes.md) _Context: Rome_
