### [2013-02-2](/news/2013/02/2/index.md)

# Senkaku Islands dispute:Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe vows to defend the Senkaku Islands "at all costs" in a speech aimed at the Japan Self-Defense Forces. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/02/02/japan-pm-vows-to-defend-disputed-islands-from-china-calls-on-troops-to-guard/)
2. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/category/politics/view/abe-vows-to-defend-disputed-islands-from-china)

### Related:

1. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, military_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
3. [Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army-navy-warship-sailed-close-to-its-territorial-wate.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands, Senkaku Islands dispute_
4. [As part of its wider military build up along the Japanese archipelagos in the East China Sea, Japan activates a new radar station on the island of Yonaguni that is close to the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2016/03/28/as-part-of-its-wider-military-build-up-along-the-japanese-archipelagos-in-the-east-china-sea-japan-activates-a-new-radar-station-on-the-isl.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands dispute, military_
5. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe_
6. [Senkaku Islands dispute:China delimits an "air-defence identification zone" over an area of the East China Sea, covering Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands, also claimed by Japan. ](/news/2013/11/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-pchina-delimits-an-air-defence-identification-zone-over-an-area-of-the-east-china-sea-covering-diaoyu-senkaku-isl.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands, Senkaku Islands dispute_
7. [Japan reports that two Chinese ships have entered territorial waters off the coast of the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/09/19/japan-reports-that-two-chinese-ships-have-entered-territorial-waters-off-the-coast-of-the-disputed-senkaku-islands.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands, Senkaku Islands dispute_
8. [Senkaku Islands dispute:The Government of Japan summons the ambassador from the People's Republic of China after a flotilla of Chinese ships sail near the dispute Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/04/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-pthe-government-of-japan-summons-the-ambassador-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-after-a-flotilla-of-chinese-ship.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands, Senkaku Islands dispute_
9. [Senkaku Islands dispute:Japan and Taiwan sign an agreement over fishing rights around the Senkaku Islands. China voices "extreme concerns" over the deal. ](/news/2013/04/10/senkaku-islands-dispute-pjapan-and-taiwan-sign-an-agreement-over-fishing-rights-around-the-senkaku-islands-china-voices-extreme-concerns.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands, Senkaku Islands dispute_
10. [Senkaku Islands dispute:Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera states that the country has lodged a protest with China after a People's Liberation Army Navy frigate directed weapon-targeting radar at a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer near the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/02/5/senkaku-islands-dispute-pjapanese-defense-minister-itsunori-onodera-states-that-the-country-has-lodged-a-protest-with-china-after-a-people-s.md) _Context: Japan, Senkaku Islands, Senkaku Islands dispute_
