### [2004-10-28](/news/2004/10/28/index.md)

#  An article in the "Washington Times", citing US Defense Department official John A. Shaw, alleges that Russian special forces moved weapons, explosives, and related materials out of Iraq and into Syria, Lebanon, and possibly Iran, shortly before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003. Russia denies the allegation, calling the claims "absurd". U.S. officials later say they cannot corroborate the claim, but are investigating. 

 Russian special forces troops moved many of Saddam Hussein&#8217;s weapons and related goods out of Iraq and into Syria in the weeks before the March 2003 U.S. military operation, The Washington Times has learned. 


### Source:

1. [Interfax](http://www.interfax.ru/e/B/0/28.html?id_issue=10715486)
2. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2004-10-28-voa49.cfm)
3. [Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/national/20041028-122637-6257r.htm)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.interfax.ru/img/interfax_icon_300.png)

### Related:

1. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria_
2. [ General Wesley Clark suggests that members of the Bush administration may be liable to criminal charges in connection with the Iraq war. Clark alleges that the plans for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and other interventions in the Middle East (possibly including Lebanon and Syria), pre-dated the inauguration of the President and that the reasons for the war were misleadingly presented to the US people.](/news/2003/10/3/general-wesley-clark-suggests-that-members-of-the-bush-administration-may-be-liable-to-criminal-charges-in-connection-with-the-iraq-war-cl.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria_
3. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
4. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
5. [The United States admits it has killed 20 civilians and wounded 11 others in airstrikes in Syria and Iraq between September 10, 2015, and February 2, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/22/the-united-states-admits-it-has-killed-20-civilians-and-wounded-11-others-in-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-between-september-10-2015-and-fe.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, U.S. military_
6. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
7. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
8. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: Iraq, Lebanon, Syria_
9. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
10. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
