
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/10/28/election-officials-in-broward-county-florida-report-that-over-50-000-absentee-ballots-for-next-tuesday-s-u-s-presidential-election-are-m.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/10/28/election-officials-in-broward-county-florida-report-that-over-50-000-absentee-ballots-for-next-tuesday-s-u-s-presidential-election-are-m.json)  [XML](/news/2004/10/28/election-officials-in-broward-county-florida-report-that-over-50-000-absentee-ballots-for-next-tuesday-s-u-s-presidential-election-are-m.xml)  

### [2004-10-28](/news/2004/10/28/index.md)

##### Election
#  Election officials in Broward County, Florida, report that over 50,000 absentee ballots for next Tuesday's U.S. presidential election are missing. Officials mailed 60,000 absentee ballots earlier this month, but only 2,000 were delivered. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3960679.stm)
2. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/e/?content=news&cat=8&id=317010)

### Related:

1. [An engine burst into flames on a Dynamic International Airways Boeing 767 passenger jet bound for Caracas, Venezuela, while taxiing for takeoff at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (Florida, U.S.). A Broward Sheriff Fire Rescue spokesman said 15 people were taken to the hospital after the fire. There were 110 people, including crew, on board. ](/news/2015/10/29/an-engine-burst-into-flames-on-a-dynamic-international-airways-boeing-767-passenger-jet-bound-for-caracas-venezuela-while-taxiing-for-take.md) _Context: Broward_
2. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
3. [ Reports of "'irregularities"' in the votes for the "'2004 Presidential election"' emerge. Reports of voting machine error and electoral fraud center on Ohio and Florida.](/news/2004/11/9/reports-of-irregularities-in-the-votes-for-the-2004-presidential-election-emerge-reports-of-voting-machine-error-and-electoral-fra.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
4. [ In Broward County, officials find the software used in Broward can handle only 32,000 votes per precinct. After that, the system starts counting backward. The problem affected running tallies and not the final vote totals. All absentee ballots had been placed in a single precinct to be counted and only the votes for constitutional amendments reached the threshold and encountered the problem. ](/news/2004/11/7/in-broward-county-officials-find-the-software-used-in-broward-can-handle-only-32-000-votes-per-precinct-after-that-the-system-starts-cou.md) _Context: Broward_
5. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
