### [2004-10-28](/news/2004/10/28/index.md)

#  In Latvia, Indulis Emsis, the first Green Party prime minister steps down when the country's minority coalition government dissolves after the parliament rejects its 2005 budget. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/10/28/latvia.coalition.reut/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Latvia go to the polls for the Latvian parliamentary dissolution referendum with 95 per cent of voters supporting dissolution of the Saeima. ](/news/2011/07/23/voters-in-latvia-go-to-the-polls-for-the-latvian-parliamentary-dissolution-referendum-with-95-per-cent-of-voters-supporting-dissolution-of-t.md) _Context: Latvia, Saeima_
2. [ The Czech coalition government agrees to form a new cabinet. Jan Kohout is expected to succeed Stanislav Gross as the new prime minister. ](/news/2005/04/14/the-czech-coalition-government-agrees-to-form-a-new-cabinet-jan-kohout-is-expected-to-succeed-stanislav-gross-as-the-new-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister, governing coalition_
3. [ Latvia's president Vaira Vike-Freiberga has appointed Indulis Emsis, a Green party legislator, as the new Prime Minister, after the resignation of Einars Repse's cabinet on 5 February. ](/news/2004/02/20/latvia-s-president-vaira-vike-freiberga-has-appointed-indulis-emsis-a-green-party-legislator-as-the-new-prime-minister-after-the-resigna.md) _Context: Indulis Emsis, Latvia_
4. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: governing coalition_
6. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [Canada announces that it will deploy 1,000 soldiers of the Canadian Armed Forces to Latvia to bolster one of the four NATO battalions stationed there. ](/news/2016/07/1/canada-announces-that-it-will-deploy-1-000-soldiers-of-the-canadian-armed-forces-to-latvia-to-bolster-one-of-the-four-nato-battalions-statio.md) _Context: Latvia_
8. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Latvia_
9. [Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties--Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network--to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its-program-manifesto-79-61-the-ruling.md) _Context: governing coalition_
10. [Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime-minister-robert-fico-s-smer-party-is.md) _Context: governing coalition_
