### [2012-02-5](/news/2012/02/5/index.md)

# An explosion hits the gas pipeline between Egypt, Israel and Jordan in the North Sinai Governorate west of Arish. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/46266247#.Ty3Jd8UgpQE)

### Related:

1. [Natural gas supplies to Jordan and Israel are hit by an explosion in the Arab Gas Pipeline in the town of Arish in North Sinai near Egypt's border with Israel with an armed group believed responsible. ](/news/2011/04/27/natural-gas-supplies-to-jordan-and-israel-are-hit-by-an-explosion-in-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-the-town-of-arish-in-north-sinai-near-egypt-s.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
3. [A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housing-election-judges-in-the-provincial-capital-o.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, North Sinai Governorate_
4. [Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-successful-raids-on-te.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, North Sinai Governorate_
5. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
6. [Militants open fire on a bus carrying workers from a cement factory in Arish, Northern Sinai, Egypt, killing three and injuring 17. The gunfire is believed to have been intended for a police vehicle.](/news/2013/07/15/militants-open-fire-on-a-bus-carrying-workers-from-a-cement-factory-in-arish-northern-sinai-egypt-killing-three-and-injuring-17-the-gunf.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, North Sinai Governorate_
7. [Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/two-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no-damage-three-more-rocket.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
8. [Saboteurs attack Egypt's gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan, destroying a section of the pipeline west of al-Arish in Sinai. ](/news/2011/11/28/saboteurs-attack-egypt-s-gas-pipeline-to-israel-and-jordan-destroying-a-section-of-the-pipeline-west-of-al-arish-in-sinai.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
9. [An explosion destroys the Arab Gas Pipeline in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula supplying natural gas to Jordan and Israel. ](/news/2011/09/27/an-explosion-destroys-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-supplying-natural-gas-to-jordan-and-israel.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
10. [Saboteurs bomb an Egyptian pipeline at Nagah in the Sinai Peninsula delivering gas to Israel and Jordan. ](/news/2011/07/4/saboteurs-bomb-an-egyptian-pipeline-at-nagah-in-the-sinai-peninsula-delivering-gas-to-israel-and-jordan.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
