### [2012-02-5](/news/2012/02/5/index.md)

# The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Star Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/world/138756599.html)

### Related:

1. [ Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. ](/news/2006/07/2/polling-closes-in-the-mexican-general-election-with-voters-electing-a-new-president-both-houses-of-congress-and-four-state-district-gove.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN), President_
2. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
3. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
4. [Mexican legislative election, 2015: Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/mexican-legislative-election-2015-voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
5. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Mexican presidential elections, Mexico_
6. [Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox calls for the legalisation of drugs in Mexico. ](/news/2010/08/9/former-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-calls-for-the-legalisation-of-drugs-in-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
7. [Local government elections in Mexico: The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-mexico-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
8. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
9. [ In Montevideo, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and President of Uruguay Tabare Vazquez sign a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations. ](/news/2009/08/14/in-montevideo-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-president-of-uruguay-tabara-c-va-zquez-sign-a-strategic-association-accord-to-streng.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
10. [ On an official visit to Colombia, Mexican President Felipe Calderon offers his country-s mediation in the conflict between that country, Ecuador and Venezuela. ](/news/2009/08/13/on-an-official-visit-to-colombia-mexican-president-felipe-caldera3n-offers-his-country-s-mediation-in-the-conflict-between-that-country.md) _Context: Mexico, President_
