### [2003-06-11](/news/2003/06/11/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in Canada: The attorney general of Ontario announces that his government will conform to yesterday's court ruling legalizing same-sex marriage in that province.




### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Quebec Court of Appeal upholds a Quebec superior court ruling that same-sex marriages are valid under Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/03/19/gaymarriage040319 (CBC)] It joins Ontario and British Columbia in permitting same-sex marriage. The couple which brought the suit is scheduled to be wed on April 10, after a required 20-day waiting period.](/news/2004/03/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-quebec-court-of-appeal-upholds-a-quebec-superior-court-ruling-that-same-sex-marriages-are-valid-under-cana.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: an Ontario court rules that Canadians whose same-sex partners died after 1985 are entitled to survivors' benefits. It is believed to be the first class-action lawsuit awarding compensation to gays and lesbians anywhere in the world. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/19/samesex_benefits031219]](/news/2003/12/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-an-ontario-court-rules-that-canadians-whose-same-sex-partners-died-after-1985-are-entitled-to-survivors-benef.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A British Columbia court rules that same-sex couples may get married in that province, effective immediately. BC becomes the second Canadian province, and second political division in the Western Hemisphere, to legalize same-sex marriage. This decision is similar to the Ontario decision on June 10, 2003. ](/news/2003/07/8/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-british-columbia-court-rules-that-same-sex-couples-may-get-married-in-that-province-effective-immediately.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage in Canada_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government announces that it will not appeal the Ontario appeals court ruling that permitted same-sex marriage. Instead, Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that his government will introduce legislation to change the definition of marriage but protect the rights of churches to decide which marriages they will solemnize.](/news/2003/06/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-announces-that-it-will-not-appeal-the-ontario-appeals-court-ruling-that-permitted-same.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage in Canada_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Ontario Appeals Court rules that the law restricting marriage to heterosexual couples contravenes the equality provisions in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The court does not permit the province any grace time to bring its law in conformity with the ruling. This appears to mean that Ontario has become the first jurisdiction in North America to recognize same-sex marriages. Toronto announces that its city clerk will begin to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples, and two same-sex couples who filed suit have their marriages retroactively recognized.](/news/2003/06/10/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-ontario-appeals-court-rules-that-the-law-restricting-marriage-to-heterosexual-couples-contravenes-the-equa.md) _Context: Ontario, same-sex marriage in Canada_
6. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Ontario_
7. [The two-month-old Nipigon River Bridge near Nipigon, Ontario is closed to traffic after a mechanical failure, severing the Trans-Canada Highway and forcing a detour into the United States. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-two-month-old-nipigon-river-bridge-near-nipigon-ontario-is-closed-to-traffic-after-a-mechanical-failure-severing-the-trans-canada-high.md) _Context: Ontario_
8. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Ontario_
9. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario_
10. [A tornado hits southern in Ontario, Canada causing extensive damage in the corridor from Angus to Barrie. ](/news/2014/06/17/a-tornado-hits-southern-in-ontario-canada-causing-extensive-damage-in-the-corridor-from-angus-to-barrie.md) _Context: Ontario_
