### [2003-06-11](/news/2003/06/11/index.md)

#  US baseball: Six Houston Astros pitchers combine to pitch a no-hitter against the New York Yankees. The game sets several records, including the most pitchers to combine for a no-hitter in Major League Baseball history, and a record for the Yankees for the most sequential games without being no-hit.




### Related:

1. [ Ichiro Suzuki, a Japanese baseball star now playing for Major League Baseball's New York Yankees, breaks George Sisler's 84-year-old record for hits in a season, prompting praise from Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and celebrations in both Seattle and Tokyo. ](/news/2004/10/1/ichiro-suzuki-a-japanese-baseball-star-now-playing-for-major-league-baseball-s-new-york-yankees-breaks-george-sisler-s-84-year-old-record.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, New York Yankees, baseball game_
2. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
3. [Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees becomes the seventh player in the history of Major League Baseball to hit 600 home runs. ](/news/2010/08/4/alex-rodriguez-of-the-new-york-yankees-becomes-the-seventh-player-in-the-history-of-major-league-baseball-to-hit-600-home-runs.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, New York Yankees_
4. [ The Houston Astros beat the Atlanta Braves 7-6 in the 18th inning of the longest post-season game in Major League Baseball history. ](/news/2005/10/9/the-houston-astros-beat-the-atlanta-braves-7-6-in-the-18th-inning-of-the-longest-post-season-game-in-major-league-baseball-history.md) _Context: Houston Astros, Major League Baseball_
5. [ Baseball: In the deciding game of the 2005 World Series, the Chicago White Sox defeat the Houston Astros 1-0 to sweep the series 4 games to 0. This is the first World Championship for the Sox since 1917. Outfielder Jermaine Dye is named Series MVP. ](/news/2005/10/26/baseball-in-the-deciding-game-of-the-2005-world-series-the-chicago-white-sox-defeat-the-houston-astros-1-0-to-sweep-the-series-4-games-to.md) _Context: Houston Astros, baseball game_
6. [ Houston Astros baseball pitcher Roger Clemens records his 4,137th career strikeout to place him second on the all-time list behind Nolan Ryan. ](/news/2004/05/5/houston-astros-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-records-his-4-137th-career-strikeout-to-place-him-second-on-the-all-time-list-behind-nolan-ry.md) _Context: Houston Astros, baseball game_
7. [ World Series: Baseball: The Florida Marlins defeat the New York Yankees, four games to two, to win the 2003 World Series.](/news/2003/10/25/world-series-baseball-the-florida-marlins-defeat-the-new-york-yankees-four-games-to-two-to-win-the-2003-world-series.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
8. [ Baseball: Barry Bonds ties the 63-year-old record of Jimmie Foxx by homering against the Arizona Diamondbacks' Curt Schilling, becoming the second player in Major League Baseball to hit at least 30 home runs in 12 consecutive seasons.](/news/2003/07/12/baseball-barry-bonds-ties-the-63-year-old-record-of-jimmie-foxx-by-homering-against-the-arizona-diamondbacks-curt-schilling-becoming-the.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
9. [ Sammy Sosa of baseball's Chicago Cubs is ejected from a game after he is found to have used a corked bat. The Cubs went on to beat the Devil Rays, 3 to 2. Major League Baseball Officials confiscated 76 of Sosa's spare bats after his ejection, and all were found to be clean, with no cork.](/news/2003/06/3/sammy-sosa-of-baseball-s-chicago-cubs-is-ejected-from-a-game-after-he-is-found-to-have-used-a-corked-bat-the-cubs-went-on-to-beat-the-devi.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, baseball game_
10. [ US Baseball: Pitching against the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankee Roger Clemens notches his 4,000th strikeout and his 300th win.](/news/2003/06/13/us-baseball-pitching-against-the-st-louis-cardinals-new-york-yankee-roger-clemens-notches-his-4-000th-strikeout-and-his-300th-win.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
