### [2009-08-22](/news/2009/08/22/index.md)

#  Cardinal Sean Brady, Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland, criticises Ireland's Civil Partnership Bill, which gives statutory partnership rights to same-sex couples. 

The legislation which gives statutory partnership rights to gay and lesbian couples has been criticised by Cardinal Sean Brady.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0822/bradys.html)
2. [Sunday Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/cardinal-slams-gay-weddings-1867305.html)

### Related:

1. [ Ireland's Green Party and gay rights organisations defend plans to introduce civil partnerships for same-sex couples following criticism of the move by Cardinal Sen Brady, Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland. ](/news/2009/08/24/ireland-s-green-party-and-gay-rights-organisations-defend-plans-to-introduce-civil-partnerships-for-same-sex-couples-following-criticism-of.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Cardinal, Ireland, Primate of All Ireland, civil partnerships, same-sex couples_
2. [Catholic sex abuse cases:: Archbishop of Armagh and Primacy of Ireland Cardinal Sean Brady admits for the first time that he represented the Church when two teenagers abused by Father Brendan Smyth were forced to sign an oath of silence. ](/news/2010/03/13/catholic-sex-abuse-cases-archbishop-of-armagh-and-primacy-of-ireland-cardinal-sea-n-brady-admits-for-the-first-time-that-he-represented-th.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of All Ireland, Sean Brady_
3. [Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland Cardinal Sen Brady is accused of using the "Nuremberg defence" and is told to resign by politicians, including Martin McGuinness, over his representation of the Church when two teenagers abused by Father Brendan Smyth were forced to sign an oath of silence. ](/news/2010/03/16/archbishop-of-armagh-and-primate-of-all-ireland-cardinal-sean-brady-is-accused-of-using-the-nuremberg-defence-and-is-told-to-resign-by-pol.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of All Ireland_
4. [Archbishop of Armagh and Primacy of Ireland Cardinal Sen Brady refuses calls by sex abuse victims such as Colm O'Gorman to resign and defends representing the Church when two teenagers abused by Father Brendan Smyth were forced to sign an oath of silence. ](/news/2010/03/14/archbishop-of-armagh-and-primacy-of-ireland-cardinal-sean-brady-refuses-calls-by-sex-abuse-victims-such-as-colm-o-gorman-to-resign-and-defen.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of All Ireland_
5. [Nine Irish Roman Catholic bishops and Cardinal Sean Brady arrive in Rome to discuss the Murphy Report and Ryan Report into the Catholic sexual abuse scandal in Ireland with Pope Benedict XVI, the first such meetings there in eight years. ](/news/2010/02/14/nine-irish-roman-catholic-bishops-and-cardinal-sea-n-brady-arrive-in-rome-to-discuss-the-murphy-report-and-ryan-report-into-the-catholic-sex.md) _Context: Cardinal, Sean Brady_
6. [Crimes in Ireland: A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/crimes-in-ireland-a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mo.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Child sexual abuse in Australia: Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/child-sexual-abuse-in-australia-victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third.md) _Context: Cardinal_
8. [Fine Gael leadership election, 2017: Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/fine-gael-leadership-election-2017-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamenta.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [Government of Ireland: Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/government-of-ireland-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Ireland_
