### [2008-05-13](/news/2008/05/13/index.md)

#  Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-americas-7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 




### Related:

1. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President, U.S._
2. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
3. [Two former Colombian ministers Sabas Pretelt and Diego Palacio are sentenced to six years in prison for corruption in bribing lawmakers to support the 2006 re-election bid of former President Alvaro Uribe. ](/news/2015/04/15/two-former-colombian-ministers-sabas-pretelt-and-diego-palacio-are-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-corruption-in-bribing-lawmakers-to-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
4. [Spain requests an explanation from Venezuela concerning allegations that it helped terrorist groups Euskadi Ta Askatasuna and FARC plot to kill Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and other Colombian personalities in Spanish soil. ](/news/2010/03/1/spain-requests-an-explanation-from-venezuela-concerning-allegations-that-it-helped-terrorist-groups-euskadi-ta-askatasuna-and-farc-plot-to-k.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
5. [Constitutional judges in Colombia reject a referendum to allow President lvaro Uribe to stand for a third term in office. ](/news/2010/02/27/constitutional-judges-in-colombia-reject-a-referendum-to-allow-president-alvaro-uribe-to-stand-for-a-third-term-in-office.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_

### Changes:

1. [ Colombian warlord extradition Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-americas-7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombian-warlord-extraditionp-colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-die.md) _2017-08-25 03:22:10 (First version)_
2. [ Colombian warlord extradition: Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-americas-7398332.stm (BBC News)]: President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombian-warlord-extradition-colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-die.md) _2017-08-27 03:22:04 (Update)_
2. [ Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-americas-7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-diego-murillo-bejarano-to-the-uni.md) _(Current version)_
