### [2008-05-13](/news/2008/05/13/index.md)

#  Eleven people are killed and 20 wounded in clashes between Iraqi militias and the United States Army in the Sadr City district of Baghdad. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7397970.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City, militia_
2. [At least 16 people are killed by twin bomb blasts in the Sadr City neighbourhood of Baghdad, the capital of Iraq. ](/news/2011/10/13/at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-sadr-city-neighbourhood-of-baghdad-the-capital-of-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
3. [In Baghdad, Iraq multiple suicide bombings go off during mid-day rush hour, killing 4 and injuring about 16, another strike at 7:15am hits a mini-bus heading from Sadr City into downtown Baghdad, killing 3 including a police officer, and 9 others are wounded. Also, three other bombs go off simultaneously in a business district killing 1 and injuring 7. ](/news/2010/08/15/in-baghdad-iraq-multiple-suicide-bombings-go-off-during-mid-day-rush-hour-killing-4-and-injuring-about-16-another-strike-at-7-15am-hits-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
4. [ A United States Army soldier kills five comrades at Camp Liberty in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/05/11/a-united-states-army-soldier-kills-five-comrades-at-camp-liberty-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
5. [ Ten thousand Iraqi troops enter Sadr City in Baghdad to seize control from Shiite militants. ](/news/2008/05/20/ten-thousand-iraqi-troops-enter-sadr-city-in-baghdad-to-seize-control-from-shiite-militants.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
6. [ A car bomb attack on a fuel station in the Sadr City district of Baghdad, Iraq, kills at least 26 people. Many others are injured. ](/news/2006/09/23/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-fuel-station-in-the-sadr-city-district-of-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-26-people-many-others-are-injured.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
7. [ Four U.S. soldiers are killed in two insurgent attacks north of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/20/four-u-s-soldiers-are-killed-in-two-insurgent-attacks-north-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
8. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
9. [ United States Army troops found over $656 million dollars in United States and Iraqi currency in sealed metal boxes in several bricked up cottages on the grounds of the homes of members of the Iraqi elite in Baghdad. Preliminary indications were that the money was real uncirculated bills, and not counterfeit.](/news/2003/04/18/united-states-army-troops-found-over-656-million-dollars-in-united-states-and-iraqi-currency-in-sealed-metal-boxes-in-several-bricked-up-c.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, U.S. soldiers_
10. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
