### [2008-05-13](/news/2008/05/13/index.md)

#  The United States Department of Defense drops charges against Mohammed al Qahtani, who was suspected of being the "20th hijacker" in the September 11, 2001 attacks. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7398953.stm)

### Related:

1. [West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-arm.md) _Context: Defense Department_
2. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: Defense Department_
3. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: Defense Department_
4. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-for-october-9-un.md) _Context: Defense Department_
5. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: Defense Department_
6. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: Defense Department_
7. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Defense Department_
8. [Researchers at the United States Department of Defense report, in the journal ''Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy'', the discovery in the United States of a strain of ''E. coli'' that includes the new gene MCR-1, which is resistant to  colistin, a  last-resort antibiotic. ](/news/2016/05/26/researchers-at-the-united-states-department-of-defense-report-in-the-journal-antimicrobial-agents-and-chemotherapy-the-discovery-in-th.md) _Context: Defense Department_
9. [According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-an-airstrike-that-hit-a-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-last-october-did-not-amount-t.md) _Context: Defense Department_
10. [The United States admits it has killed 20 civilians and wounded 11 others in airstrikes in Syria and Iraq between September 10, 2015, and February 2, 2016. ](/news/2016/04/22/the-united-states-admits-it-has-killed-20-civilians-and-wounded-11-others-in-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-between-september-10-2015-and-fe.md) _Context: Defense Department_
