### [2008-05-13](/news/2008/05/13/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008. West Virginia voters go to the polls in the Democratic Party primary to elect 28 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. New York Senator Hillary Clinton obtains a clear victory. [http://blog.washingtonpost.com/livecoverage/ (Washington Post)]. Senator Clinton welcomes the vote in West Virginia as an "overwhelming vote of confidence" in her campaign.date=October 2012 date=October 2012




### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Puerto Rico Democratic primary, 2008. ](/news/2008/06/1/united-states-presidential-election-2008-new-york-senator-hillary-clinton-wins-the-puerto-rico-democratic-primary-2008.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York State_
2. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York State, Senator_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic-p.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, Senator_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York State_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Voters in Florida go to the polls to determine presidential nominees.. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary with no delegates awarded. ](/news/2008/01/29/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-florida-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-new-york-senator-hillary.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York State_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York State_
7. [ U.S. election 2008: Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) officially announces her presidential bid with an exploratory committee. ](/news/2007/01/20/u-s-election-2008-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-officially-announces-her-presidential-bid-with-an-exploratory-committee.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York State_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York State_
9. [ New York Governor David Paterson appoints Kirsten Gillibrand to Hillary Clinton's vacated United States Senate seat. ](/news/2009/01/23/new-york-governor-david-paterson-appoints-kirsten-gillibrand-to-hillary-clinton-s-vacated-united-states-senate-seat.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York State_
10. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his national security team to his transition advisory board, among them being Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, who was nominated Secretary of State. ](/news/2008/12/1/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-announces-his-national-security-team-to-his-transition-advisory-board-among-them-being-senator.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York State_
