### [2008-05-13](/news/2008/05/13/index.md)

#   West Virginia voters go to the polls in the Democratic Party primary to elect 28 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. New York Senator Hillary Clinton obtains a clear victory. [http://blog.washingtonpost.com/livecoverage/ (Washington Post)] Senator Clinton welcomes the vote in West Virginia as an "overwhelming vote of confidence" in her campaign.date=October 2012 date=October 2012




### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Puerto Rico Democratic primary, 2008. ](/news/2008/06/1/united-states-presidential-election-2008-new-york-senator-hillary-clinton-wins-the-puerto-rico-democratic-primary-2008.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, Senator_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in Florida go to the polls to determine presidential nominees. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary with no delegates awarded. ](/news/2008/01/29/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-florida-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-p-new-york-senator-hillar.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton, New York_
5. [ New York Governor David Paterson appoints Kirsten Gillibrand to Hillary Clinton's vacated United States Senate seat. ](/news/2009/01/23/new-york-governor-david-paterson-appoints-kirsten-gillibrand-to-hillary-clinton-s-vacated-united-states-senate-seat.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York_
6. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his national security team to his transition advisory board, among them being Senator Hillary Clinton of New York, who was nominated Secretary of State. ](/news/2008/12/1/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-announces-his-national-security-team-to-his-transition-advisory-board-among-them-being-senator.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New York_
7. [ Senator John McCain officially accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the United States presidential election, 2008. ](/news/2008/09/4/senator-john-mccain-officially-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-2008.md) _Context: 2008, Senator_
8. [ Hillary Clinton suspends her presidential campaign and endorses Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. ](/news/2008/06/7/hillary-clinton-suspends-her-presidential-campaign-and-endorses-barack-obama-as-the-democratic-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton_
9. [ Hillary Clinton vows to remain as a candidate in the United States presidential election, 2008 despite financial problems which required her to lend her campaign $6.4 million dollars and dwindling chances of winning the Democratic Party nomination. ](/news/2008/05/7/hillary-clinton-vows-to-remain-as-a-candidate-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-2008-despite-financial-problems-which-required-he.md) _Context: 2008, Hillary Clinton_
10. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins  in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Senator_
