### [2016-11-28](/news/2016/11/28/index.md)

#  A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. 

Group of German lawyers seek criminal prosecution of Syrian regime head for war crimes during military offensive in Aleppo - Anadolu Agency


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/11/german-lawyers-seek-criminal-case-syria-assad-161128141943783.html)
2. [Anadolu Agency](http://aa.com.tr/en/europe/germany-lawyers-file-criminal-complaints-against-assad/694928)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/syrian-civil-war-the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bash.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-g.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syria peace talks in Vienna. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/syrian-civil-war-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounc.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian civil war:. President Bashar al-Assad said he will allow international experts to access chemical weapons sites. ](/news/2013/09/23/syrian-civil-war-president-bashar-al-assad-said-he-will-allow-international-experts-to-access-chemical-weapons-sites.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:. For the first time since the start of the Syrian civil war, President Bashar al-Assad's government offers to talk with rebels in hopes of a diplomatic solution to the conflict. ](/news/2013/02/25/syrian-civil-war-for-the-first-time-since-the-start-of-the-syrian-civil-war-president-bashar-al-assad-s-government-offers-to-talk-with-re.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:. The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad delivers a rare television appearance addressing the Syrian crisis and denounces the Syrian rebels as "enemies of God and puppets of the West". It is his first television appearance since June 2012. ](/news/2013/01/6/syrian-civil-war-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-delivers-a-rare-television-appearance-addressing-the-syrian-crisis-and-denounces-t.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
10. [People on banknotes. The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/people-on-banknotes-the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President_
