### [2016-11-28](/news/2016/11/28/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. 

Syrian government forces capture more than a third of rebel-held territory in eastern Aleppo.


### Source:

1. [Anadolu Agency](http://aa.com.tr/en/middle-east/turkish-air-force-kills-11-daesh-terrorists-in-aleppo/695296)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38128370)
3. [South Front](https://southfront.org/militants-evacuate-from-khan-al-shih-hand-over-town-and-military-equipment-to-syrian-army/)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/28/world/middleeast/aleppo-syria.html?_r=0)
5. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/11/28/Syrian-military-captures-part-of-rebel-held-Aleppo-as-civilians-flee/5691480322346)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. ](/news/2016/11/26/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-government-forces-have-captured-most-of-hanano-the-largest-rebel-controlled-district-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), Syrian Civil War, military_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): At least ten people are killed and others were injured during air strikes on Aleppo's Bab al-Nairab neighborhood. ](/news/2016/11/29/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-at-least-ten-people-are-killed-and-others-were-injured-during-air-strikes-on-aleppo-s-ba.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), Syrian Civil War_
3. [Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian Armed Forces have captured the entire Hanano district in eastern Aleppo and are working on removing mines and improvised explosive devices from the district, while the rebels blame lack of hospitals for collapsing defences. ](/news/2016/11/27/aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-armed-forces-have-captured-the-entire-hanano-district-in-eastern-aleppo-and-are-working-on-removing.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), military_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/03/6/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-at-least-nine-civilians-are-killed-and-dozens-are-injured-after-rockets-and-mortars-hit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Kurdish-Islamist conflict (2013-present): A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-kurdish-islamist-conflict-2013-present-a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
6. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-i.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
7. [Syrian civil war:: Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. ](/news/2013/02/13/syrian-civil-war-rebels-clash-with-the-syrian-military-at-an-army-base-protecting-aleppo-s-international-airport-the-opposition-claims-th.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, military_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
10. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Kurdish, YPG_
