### [2016-11-28](/news/2016/11/28/index.md)

# The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. 

Jill Stein said she plans to request a recount in Michigan as similar cases progress in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/11/28/latest-on-jill-steins-recount-requests.html)

### Related:

1. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recount and audit, Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania_
2. [The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recounts-by-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wi.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recount and audit, Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania_
3. [Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recount and audit, Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania_
4. [Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroots-support-having-crowdfunded-millions-of.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Michigan, Pennsylvania_
5. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania_
6. [Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-ends-a-recount-fo.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Michigan_
7. [Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in-the-commonwealth-court-of-pennsylvania-for-a-state.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
8. [Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michigan-wisconsin-and-ohio-stranding-hundr.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania_
9. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Michigan, Pennsylvania_
10. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats.  ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
