### [2006-10-10](/news/2006/10/10/index.md)

#  Hundreds of thousands of people made a protest against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan, surrounding Office of the President, where Chen took part in ceremony marking Double Tenth Day. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6036189.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Tens of thousands of protesters begin their anticorruption protests, "Million Voices Against Corruption, President Chen Must Go", against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2006/09/9/tens-of-thousands-of-protesters-begin-their-anticorruption-protests-million-voices-against-corruption-president-chen-must-go-against-p.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taipei, the Republic of China_
2. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taipei_
3. [ A Taiwanese court clears Ma Ying-jeou, the Kuomintang Party candidate for President of the Republic of China, of charges of corruption dating from when he was the mayor of Taipei. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-taiwanese-court-clears-ma-ying-jeou-the-kuomintang-party-candidate-for-president-of-the-republic-of-china-of-charges-of-corruption-dati.md) _Context: President, Taipei, the Republic of China_
4. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
5. [ Wu Shu-chen, the wife of the President of the Republic of China, is indicted on corruption charges by Taiwan prosecutors. President Chen Shui-bian is not indicted due to presidential immunity, but prosecutors say he will be charged once he is no longer president. ](/news/2006/11/3/wu-shu-chen-the-wife-of-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-is-indicted-on-corruption-charges-by-taiwan-prosecutors-president-chen-sh.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
6. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
7. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taipei_
8. [ Political status of Taiwan: President Chen Shui-bian proposes to set up a demilitarized zone between Taiwan and mainland China.](/news/2004/02/3/political-status-of-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-proposes-to-set-up-a-demilitarized-zone-between-taiwan-and-mainland-china.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
9. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
10. [Tainan Mayor William Lai Ching-te is appointed as the new Premier by the President of the Republic of China Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2017/09/5/tainan-mayor-william-lai-ching-te-is-appointed-as-the-new-premier-by-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-tsai-ing-wen.md) _Context: President, the Republic of China_
