### [2006-10-10](/news/2006/10/10/index.md)

#  Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei states that the country would pursue its right to develop nuclear technology and will not suspend uranium enrichment as the West demands, declaring: "Our policy is clear, progress with clear logic and insisting on the nation's right without any retreat." 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=topNews&storyid=2006-10-10T184956Z_01_L10351518_RTRUKOC_0_US-NUCLEAR-IRAN-LEADER.xml)

### Related:

1. [The Iranian Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, publicly accuses President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of being "under a spell", amid a deepening political crisis in the country. ](/news/2011/05/15/the-iranian-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-publicly-accuses-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-of-being-under-a-spell-amid-a-deepenin.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
2. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to end a boycott of official duties, amid an apparent rift with the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. ](/news/2011/05/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-is-to-end-a-boycott-of-official-duties-amid-an-apparent-rift-with-the-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-kh.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
3. [ Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns that Iran will pursue nuclear development outside regulations if the United Nations Security Council imposes sanctions. ](/news/2007/03/21/supreme-leader-of-iran-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-pursue-nuclear-development-outside-regulations-if-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
4. [ Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei condemns the recent speech by Pope Benedict, claiming it is the "latest link" in "the chain of a conspiracy to set in train a crusade against Islam". ](/news/2006/09/18/iran-s-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-condemns-the-recent-speech-by-pope-benedict-claiming-it-is-the-latest-link-in-the-chain-of-a-conspiracy-t.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
5. [ Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says Iran does "not need" to talk with the United States over its nuclear program. ](/news/2006/06/27/iranian-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-says-iran-does-not-need-to-talk-with-the-united-states-over-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
6. [ Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, urges the Council of Guardians to review applications of two reformist candidates, Mostafa Moin of the Islamic Iran Participation Front and Vice President Mohsen Mehralizadeh, after the council qualified only six candidates to the country's presidential election. Opposition groups threaten to boycott the elections and students of Tehran University protest against the disqualification of Moin. ](/news/2005/05/23/supreme-leader-of-iran-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-urges-the-council-of-guardians-to-review-applications-of-two-reformist-candidates-mostafa.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
7. [ Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, religious leader of Iran, announces that he will not intervene in a growing political confrontation between progressives and hardliners after the Guardian Council, which he controls, barred thousands of candidates from running in upcoming Parliamentary elections (including 80 current members of Parliament).](/news/2004/01/12/ayatollah-ali-khamenei-religious-leader-of-iran-announces-that-he-will-not-intervene-in-a-growing-political-confrontation-between-progres.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran_
8. [The Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei accuses the United States of "holding a gun" to Tehran's head to pressure it to hold direct talks and states that it's very unlikely that these talks may take place. ](/news/2013/02/7/the-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-accuses-the-united-states-of-holding-a-gun-to-tehran-s-head-to-pressure-it-to-hold-direct-talks-an.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Iran_
9. [Iranian Ali Aghazadeh Dafsari claims that Revolutionary Guard forces shot down a U.S. spy drone over the Fordo located uranium enrichment facility. ](/news/2011/07/20/iranian-ali-aghazadeh-dafsari-claims-that-revolutionary-guard-forces-shot-down-a-u-s-spy-drone-over-the-fordo-located-uranium-enrichment-fa.md) _Context: Iran, uranium enrichment_
10. [Iran says it has installed faster nuclear centrifuges to enrich uranium. ](/news/2011/07/19/iran-says-it-has-installed-faster-nuclear-centrifuges-to-enrich-uranium.md) _Context: Iran, uranium enrichment_
