
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/12/28/israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/12/28/israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.json)  [XML](/news/2005/12/28/israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.xml)  

### [2005-12-28](/news/2005/12/28/index.md)

##### Israel
#  Israeli jets bomb the PFLP-GC base in Naameh, Lebanon, a few miles outside Beirut, wounding two people, in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit Qiryat Shemona. Israeli warplanes then fly over southern Lebanon and the western Bekaa Valley in reconnaissance flights, drawing anti-aircraft fire from the Lebanese army. The PFLP-GC denies responsibility for the rockets that hit Kiryat Shmona. Major General Udi Adam has not ruled out targeting installations in Syria. 

Air Force hits six northern Gaza access roads leading to Qassam rocket launching sites overnight; earlier, army launches operation &#39;Blue Skies&#39;, bombards targets in newly established buffer zone


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4563494.stm)
2. [Reuters](https://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051228/ap_on_re_mi_ea/israel_lebanon)
3. [TVNZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/view/page/411366/643515)
4. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3191598,00.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: Israeli jets bomb the PFLP-GC base in Naameh, Lebanon, a few miles outside Beirut, wounding two people, in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit Qiryat Shemona. Israeli warplanes then fly over southern Lebanon and the western Bekaa Valley in reconnaissance flights, drawing anti-aircraft fire from the Lebanese army. The PFLP-GC denies responsibility for the rockets that hit Kiryat Shmona. Major General Udi Adam has not ruled out targeting installations in Syria. ](/news/2005/12/28/arabaisraeli-conflict-p-israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retali.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ Arab-Israeli conflict:: Israeli jets bomb the PFLP-GC base in Naameh, Lebanon, a few miles outside Beirut, wounding two people, in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit Qiryat Shemona. Israeli warplanes then fly over southern Lebanon and the western Bekaa Valley in reconnaissance flights, drawing anti-aircraft fire from the Lebanese army. The PFLP-GC denies responsibility for the rockets that hit Kiryat Shmona. Major General Udi Adam has not ruled out targeting installations in Syria. ](/news/2005/12/28/arab-israeli-conflict-israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retali.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ Israeli jets bomb the PFLP-GC base in Naameh, Lebanon, a few miles outside Beirut, wounding two people, in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit Qiryat Shemona. Israeli warplanes then fly over southern Lebanon and the western Bekaa Valley in reconnaissance flights, drawing anti-aircraft fire from the Lebanese army. The PFLP-GC denies responsibility for the rockets that hit Kiryat Shmona. Major General Udi Adam has not ruled out targeting installations in Syria. ](/news/2005/12/28/israeli-jets-bomb-the-pflp-gc-base-in-naameh-lebanon-a-few-miles-outside-beirut-wounding-two-people-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Beirut, Israel, Lebanese, Syria_
2. [Syrian state media say that Israeli warplanes attacked a military position in Jamraya, Rif Dimashq Governorate, from Lebanese airspace, with the Syrian Air Defense Force intercepting most of the missiles. ](/news/2018/02/7/syrian-state-media-say-that-israeli-warplanes-attacked-a-military-position-in-jamraya-rif-dimashq-governorate-from-lebanese-airspace-with.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, Syria_
3. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, Syria_
4. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, Syria_
5. [Two people are killed in ongoing clashes in the Lebanese capital Beirut between supporters and opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/05/21/two-people-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanese, Syria_
