### [2011-12-8](/news/2011/12/8/index.md)

# A storm causes damage, flooding and power cuts across the north of the British Isles, particularly Scotland with winds up to 165&nbsp;mph (264&nbsp;km/h). 

Police tell people in Scotland not to travel, as severe winds of up to 165mph hit the country, leaving more than 50,000 people without power.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-16079849)

### Related:

1. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum. Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Scotland_
2. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Scotland_
3. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Scotland_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Scotland_
5. [A roller coaster derails and crashes at M&D's theme park in Motherwell, Scotland. Ten people are reportedly injured. ](/news/2016/06/26/a-roller-coaster-derails-and-crashes-at-m-d-s-theme-park-in-motherwell-scotland-ten-people-are-reportedly-injured.md) _Context: Scotland_
6. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: British Isles_
7. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Gertrude impacts the British Isles, with 90mph winds knocking out power lines and causing travel disruption. ](/news/2016/01/29/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-gertrude-impacts-the-british-isles-with-90mph-winds-knocking-out-power-lines-and-causing-t.md) _Context: British Isles_
8. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods. Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Scotland_
9. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: Scotland_
10. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20|F|C. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32|F|C threshold for a brief moment, according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50|F-change|1 higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: British Isles_
