### [2011-12-8](/news/2011/12/8/index.md)

# British serial killer Robert Black is sentenced to a minimum of 25 years imprisonment for the 1981 murder of Northern Ireland schoolgirl Jennifer Cardy. 

The brother of Jennifer Cardy says the family would have forgiven Robert Black if he had asked


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-16086642)

### Related:

1. [Investigations concerning Niels Hogel, a German nurse already convicted for murdering two of his patients, revealed that the number of people killed while in his care is significantly higher, reaching at least 84, with some estimates being even higher. This makes Hogel the serial killer with the highest known victim count in modern German history. ](/news/2017/08/28/investigations-concerning-niels-hapgel-a-german-nurse-already-convicted-for-murdering-two-of-his-patients-revealed-that-the-number-of-peop.md) _Context: serial killer_
2. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
3. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
4. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska, confirm that James Dale Ritchie, killed by an Anchorage police officer whom Ritchie had tried to kill in the fall of 2016, was a serial killer who had used the same gun to kill 5 people, apparently at random. Two of the murders were double homicides, with some of the deaths occurring along Anchorage's expansive Tony Knowles Coastal Trail. ](/news/2017/04/26/police-in-anchorage-alaska-confirm-that-james-dale-ritchie-killed-by-an-anchorage-police-officer-whom-ritchie-had-tried-to-kill-in-the-fa.md) _Context: serial killer_
5. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-storm-barbara-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [Serial killer Stephen Port is found guilty of four rape-murders. ](/news/2016/11/23/serial-killer-stephen-port-is-found-guilty-of-four-rape-murders.md) _Context: serial killer_
8. [A serial killer who has murdered seven people over a period of several months is on the loose in Phoenix, Arizona. ](/news/2016/07/13/a-serial-killer-who-has-murdered-seven-people-over-a-period-of-several-months-is-on-the-loose-in-phoenix-arizona.md) _Context: serial killer_
9. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [ MI5 raises the threat level for dissident Northern Ireland militants from "moderate" to "substantial", meaning there is a strong possibility of an attack on the British mainland. ](/news/2016/05/11/mi5-raises-the-threat-level-for-dissident-northern-ireland-militants-from-moderate-to-substantial-meaning-there-is-a-strong-possibilit.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
