### [2013-11-17](/news/2013/11/17/index.md)

# Following the issuance of a rare High Risk for severe weather (only the fifth documented such case in November and also extending to areas further north than any previous known high risk issued in the November through February timeframe), several midwestern states in the United States are placed under multiple tornado watches, with multiple tornadoes touching down, causing at least four deaths and up to 50 injured in the area; one leveled parts of a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. Around six dozen tornadoes occur in total with activity most concentrated in Illinois and Indiana but extending from Tennessee to Michigan. '

&quot;Devastating. A war zone,&quot; Washington Mayor Gary Manier said of the affected area. &quot;I walked through one of the hardest hit areas and four


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/17/us/weather/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)
2. [NBC News](http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/11/17/21503619-scores-of-tornadoes-kill-4-injure-at-least-37-in-midwest?lite)
3. [Peoria Journal Star](http://www.pjstar.com/article/20131117/NEWS/131119271)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.pjstar.com/storyimage/IP/20131117/NEWS/131119271/AR/0/AR-131119271.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Illinois, Indiana, Michigan_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Indiana, Michigan_
3. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch aerial shells, stolen from a CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan, on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Illinois, Michigan_
4. [At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-total-of-34-people-have.md) _Context: Illinois, midwestern_
5. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Tennessee, midwestern_
6. [A heavy thunderstorm hits the midwestern United States of Illinois and Wisconsin leaving thousands of homes without power and causing transport problems in Chicago. ](/news/2011/06/30/a-heavy-thunderstorm-hits-the-midwestern-united-states-of-illinois-and-wisconsin-leaving-thousands-of-homes-without-power-and-causing-transp.md) _Context: Illinois, midwestern_
7. [Tornadoes touch down in midwestern and southern United States, including Washington County, Arkansas; Greater St. Louis, Sunset Hills, Missouri, Illinois and Oklahoma, with a few tornadoes in the early hours of January 1, 2011. A total 36 tornadoes touched down, resulting in the deaths of 9 people.](/news/2010/12/31/tornadoes-touch-down-in-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-including-washington-county-arkansas-greater-st-louis-sunset-hills-misso.md) _Context: Illinois, midwestern_
8. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Illinois, Michigan_
9. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Illinois, Indiana_
10. [ For the second time in less than a week, a number of tornados strike the U.S. states of Tennessee, Kentucky, and Indiana. ](/news/2006/04/7/for-the-second-time-in-less-than-a-week-a-number-of-tornados-strike-the-u-s-states-of-tennessee-kentucky-and-indiana.md) _Context: Indiana, Tennessee_
