### [2012-12-21](/news/2012/12/21/index.md)

# After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2012/12/21/romanian-parliament-approves-new-center-left-government/)

### Related:

1. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
2. [Romanian presidential election, 2014. Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/romanian-presidential-election-2014-voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohanni.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
3. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
4. [Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, arrives in Bucharest, Romania, to attend the China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) leaders- meeting as a guest of Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2013/11/25/chinese-premier-li-keqiang-arrives-in-bucharest-romania-to-attend-the-china-central-and-eastern-europe-cee-leaders-meeting-as-a-gues.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
5. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
6. [In a landslide victory, Prime Minister Victor Ponta's ruling Social Liberal Union wins nearly 60% of votes in Romania's parliamentary election, with a projected 66-67% of MP mandates. ](/news/2012/12/10/in-a-landslide-victory-prime-minister-victor-ponta-s-ruling-social-liberal-union-wins-nearly-60-of-votes-in-romania-s-parliamentary-electi.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
7. [Politics of Romania. After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/06/21/politics-of-romania-after-a-short-term-political-crisis-started-when-the-governing-psd-retracted-its-support-the-parliament-of-romania-pa.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, Prime Minister_
8. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania_
9. [Romanian legislative election, 2016. Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romanian-legislative-election-2016-romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sund.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, Romania_
10. [Romanian legislative election, 2016. Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/romanian-legislative-election-2016-being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
