### [2012-12-21](/news/2012/12/21/index.md)

# In the Netherlands, former Deputy Prime Minister Els Borst and former Vice President of the Council of State Herman Tjeenk Willink are granted the rare honorary title of Minister of State. 




### Source:

1. [Rijksoverheid](http://www.rijksoverheid.nl/nieuws/2012/12/21/benoeming-ministers-van-staat.html)

### Related:

1. [The suspect in the murder investigation of former Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands Els Borst admits to have assassinated her citing political motivations. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-suspect-in-the-murder-investigation-of-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-els-borst-admits-to-have-assassinated-her-citing.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands, Els Borst_
2. [The Dutch Public Prosecution Service releases a statement that former Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands Els Borst who was murdered on 8 February 2014, died from forty-one stab wounds on her head, neck and hands. ](/news/2015/09/2/the-dutch-public-prosecution-service-releases-a-statement-that-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-els-borst-who-was-murdered-on.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands, Els Borst_
3. [Minister of the Interior and Kingdom Relations of the Netherlands Piet Hein Donner resigns after being named the new Vice President of the Council of State, succeeding Herman Tjeenk Willink. ](/news/2011/12/16/minister-of-the-interior-and-kingdom-relations-of-the-netherlands-piet-hein-donner-resigns-after-being-named-the-new-vice-president-of-the-c.md) _Context: Herman Tjeenk Willink, Vice President of the Council of State_
4. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and An appeals court of The Hague rules that the Netherlands was partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnians men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-an-appeals-court-of-the-hague-rules-that-the-netherlands-was-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of-some-350-mus.md) _Context: Netherlands_
5. [Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam-centraal-station-in-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Netherlands_
