### [2012-12-21](/news/2012/12/21/index.md)

# Ireland's Fine Gael food and farming minister Shane McEntee kills himself 2 days after his 56th birthday, triggering a by-election in Meath East. 

President Michael D Higgins has led tributes for Fine Gael Minister of State Shane McEntee, who died suddenly.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2012/1221/shane-mcentee-td.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/0006cdbf-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland_
2. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland_
3. [In the Republic of Ireland government figures indicate less than half of the country's households have paid the household charge by today's deadline as thousands of people march on the governing Fine Gael party's annual conference at the Convention Centre Dublin. ](/news/2012/03/31/in-the-republic-of-ireland-government-figures-indicate-less-than-half-of-the-country-s-households-have-paid-the-household-charge-by-today-s.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland_
4. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland_
5. [Irish Minister for Defence Willie O'Dea resigns after a controversy surrounding his remarks on a rival politician's relationship with brothels but denies claims by opposition party Fine Gael that he has committed perjury. Taoiseach Brian Cowen assigns himself temporary responsibility for the Department of Defence. ](/news/2010/02/18/irish-minister-for-defence-willie-o-dea-resigns-after-a-controversy-surrounding-his-remarks-on-a-rival-politician-s-relationship-with-brothe.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Republic of Ireland_
6. [ The ruling party Fianna Fail endures significant losses in Ireland's local elections and parliamentary by-elections in Dublin Central and Dublin South. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5h9bdX_cBP3lsk7qq2_nyz78o6GOg (AFP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/8086868.stm (BBC)] [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/ireland/article6446680.ece "(The Times)"]](/news/2009/06/6/the-ruling-party-fianna-fa-il-endures-significant-losses-in-ireland-s-local-elections-and-parliamentary-by-elections-in-dublin-central-and.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, by-election_
7. [ Ireland conducts local elections and two by-elections in Dublin Central and Dublin South. ](/news/2009/06/5/ireland-conducts-local-elections-and-two-by-elections-in-dublin-central-and-dublin-south.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, by-election_
8. [The Republic of Ireland announces a referendum on abortion will be held between May and June 2018. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-republic-of-ireland-announces-a-referendum-on-abortion-will-be-held-between-may-and-june-2018.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: by-election_
10. [Irish low-cost airline Ryanair cancels 82 Sunday flights as the first step in a six-week program that will eliminate 40 to 50 flights daily to wipe out its crew vacation backlog in order to meet Irish Aviation Authority requirements by the end of this year. ](/news/2017/09/16/irish-low-cost-airline-ryanair-cancels-82-sunday-flights-as-the-first-step-in-a-six-week-program-that-will-eliminate-40-to-50-flights-daily.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
