### [2012-12-21](/news/2012/12/21/index.md)

# Michael Phelps and Gabrielle Douglas are named as 2012 Associated Press Athletes of the Year. 




### Source:

1. [BoxScore](http://boxscorenews.com/douglas-named-aps-female-athlete-of-the-year-for-p52578-68.htm)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://articles.latimes.com/2012/dec/20/sports/la-sp-newswire-20121221)

### Related:

1. [2012 Summer Olympics:In swimming, Michael Phelps of the United States wins a record 19th Olympic medal, with gold in the 4x200 metres freestyle relay. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/olympics/19040217 (BBC)]In artistic gymnastics, the United States of America's women's team known as the Fierce Five (comprised of members Aly Raisman, Gabby Douglas, Jordyn Wieber, McKayla Maroney, and Kyla Ross) won the Olympic gold medal in the artistic team final, the second ever women's team gold medal for the United States, and the first to be won at an Olympics held outside the USA.](/news/2012/07/31/2012-summer-olympics-pin-swimming-michael-phelps-of-the-united-states-wins-a-record-19th-olympic-medal-with-gold-in-the-4x200-metres-frees.md) _Context: Gabrielle Douglas, Michael Phelps_
2. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
3. [Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the  Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris.  ](/news/2016/12/5/authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-press-they-don-t-believe-additi.md) _Context: Associated Press_
4. [French swimmer Camille Lacourt accuses Chinese swimmer Sun Yang of doping, saying "he pisses purple", while American swimmer Michael Phelps says "something needs to be done" to prevent doping from infiltrating swimming. ](/news/2016/08/9/french-swimmer-camille-lacourt-accuses-chinese-swimmer-sun-yang-of-doping-saying-he-pisses-purple-while-american-swimmer-michael-phelps.md) _Context: Michael Phelps_
5. [2016 Summer Olympics Singaporean swimmer Joseph Schooling defeats American swimmer Michael Phelps in the 100m butterfly event, attaining Singapore's first-ever Olympic gold; Schooling's winning time of 50.39 seconds is an Olympic, Asian, and national record. ](/news/2016/08/12/2016-summer-olympics-psingaporean-swimmer-joseph-schooling-defeats-american-swimmer-michael-phelps-in-the-100m-butterfly-event-attaining-si.md) _Context: Michael Phelps_
6. [American  Michael Phelps wins the gold medal in the 200-meter individual medley becoming the first swimmer to win gold medals in the same event at four successive Olympic Games. It is Phelps' 22nd gold medal in total. ](/news/2016/08/11/american-michael-phelps-wins-the-gold-medal-in-the-200-meter-individual-medley-becoming-the-first-swimmer-to-win-gold-medals-in-the-same-ev.md) _Context: Michael Phelps_
7. [The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-democratic-party-nomination-since-deleg.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Associated Press_
