### [2012-12-21](/news/2012/12/21/index.md)

# The UK Ministry of Defence confirms it has spent $22.7 million settling claims from 205 Iraqis alleging abuse by British troops following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. 

Ministry of Defence has spent $22.7m settling claims from 205 Iraqis who alleged abuse by British troops.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/12/20121221144431944878.html)

### Related:

1. [The Iraqi cilivian death toll due to violence has fallen to just under 4,000 in 2010, the lowest since the 2003 invasion of Iraq according to the Iraq Body Count.](/news/2010/12/29/the-iraqi-cilivian-death-toll-due-to-violence-has-fallen-to-just-under-4-000-in-2010-the-lowest-since-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-according-t.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
2. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
3. [ Oil company Royal Dutch Shell wins the right to develop Iraq's Majnoon oil field in a joint venture with Petronas after the first such auction since the 2003 invasion. The field is expected to generate $900 million a year. ](/news/2009/12/11/oil-company-royal-dutch-shell-wins-the-right-to-develop-iraq-s-majnoon-oil-field-in-a-joint-venture-with-petronas-after-the-first-such-auct.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
4. [ Iraq's government calculates that more than 110,000 Iraqis have died since the Iraq War began in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/23/iraq-s-government-calculates-that-more-than-110-000-iraqis-have-died-since-the-iraq-war-began-in-2003.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
5. [ Iraq's National Museum reopens for the first time since being looted during the U.S. Armed Forces' invasion in 2003. ](/news/2009/02/24/iraq-s-national-museum-reopens-for-the-first-time-since-being-looted-during-the-u-s-armed-forces-invasion-in-2003.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
6. [ The United Kingdom Information Tribunal orders Her Majesty's Government to release the minutes of Cabinet discussions regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2009/01/27/the-united-kingdom-information-tribunal-orders-her-majesty-s-government-to-release-the-minutes-of-cabinet-discussions-regarding-the-2003-in.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
7. [ A study released by two non-profit journalism watchdogs concludes that the Bush administration released "an orchestrated campaign" of 935 erroneous public statements about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda in the months leading up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2008/01/22/a-study-released-by-two-non-profit-journalism-watchdogs-concludes-that-the-bush-administration-released-an-orchestrated-campaign-of-935-e.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
8. [ The UK Ministry of Defence has published exact co-ordinates of the location of the Royal Navy personnel when they were seized by Iran. According to this data the soldiers were 1.7 nautical miles within Iraqi waters at the time of their capture. ](/news/2007/03/28/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-has-published-exact-co-ordinates-of-the-location-of-the-royal-navy-personnel-when-they-were-seized-by-iran-acco.md) _Context: Iraq, UK Ministry of Defence_
9. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces that 1,500 British troops will leave Iraq within weeks with another 1,500 by the end of the year. ](/news/2007/02/21/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-that-1-500-british-troops-will-leave-iraq-within-weeks-with-another-1-500-by-the-end-of-the-yea.md) _Context: British troops, Iraq_
10. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
