### [2002-01-4](/news/2002/01/4/index.md)

# The Israeli Army seizes the Karine A on the Red Sea, claiming the arms on the ship were bound for the Palestinian Authority.




### Related:

1. [A top Egyptian court rules against giving away the two Red Sea islands of Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/01/16/a-top-egyptian-court-rules-against-giving-away-the-two-red-sea-islands-of-tiran-and-sanafir-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Red Sea_
2. [An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Israeli Army_
3. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: Red Sea_
4. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)	The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011apresent-pthe-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by.md) _Context: Red Sea_
5. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: Red Sea_
6. [Houthi forces launch rockets that hit and reportedly destroy HSV-2 ''Swift'', a military vessel belonging to the United Arab Emirates Navy, off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Red Sea port of Mokha. ](/news/2016/10/1/houthi-forces-launch-rockets-that-hit-and-reportedly-destroy-hsv-2-swift-a-military-vessel-belonging-to-the-united-arab-emirates-navy.md) _Context: Red Sea_
7. [An Egyptian Misdemeanor Court acquits 52 people charged with taking part in anti-government demonstrations in April.  Thousands rallied on April 25 to protest the transfer of Red Sea islands Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia. Police arrested nearly 300 demonstrators; government reports indicate all have  been released from prison. ](/news/2016/06/14/an-egyptian-misdemeanor-court-acquits-52-people-charged-with-taking-part-in-anti-government-demonstrations-in-april-thousands-rallied-on-a.md) _Context: Red Sea_
8. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Red Sea_
9. [Venezuela announces it will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons before Sunday's parliamentary elections, starting Friday at 6 p.m. until next Monday at 6 p.m. Civilian permits for the possession and use of firearms and knives will be also be suspended for the same period. ](/news/2015/11/30/venezuela-announces-it-will-suspend-the-sale-of-alcoholic-beverages-fireworks-and-weapons-before-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections-starting.md) _Context: weapon_
10. [The Palestinian Ministry of Health says a 21 year-old man has died in clashes with Israeli Army soldiers. ](/news/2015/11/26/the-palestinian-ministry-of-health-says-a-21-year-old-man-has-died-in-clashes-with-israeli-army-soldiers.md) _Context: Israeli Army_
