### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. 

Iraqis who built dam say structure is increasingly precarious and describe government response as ‘ridiculous’


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/02/mosul-dam-engineers-warn-it-could-fail-at-any-time-killing-1m-people)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/1e8ebe45c5c412f6fe3ab01abb728b62e4614d39/0_104_4872_2923/master/4872.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=17b4a3318473e7fef414457c25f44245)

### Related:

1. [ A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds another in Salman Pak, south of Baghdad. An Iraqi Oil Ministry official is shot dead while leaving his house in Baghdad. The militant group Army of Ansar al-Sunna release a video on their website confirming the beheading of an Iraqi officer kidnapped in Mosul. In Tikrit, fires continue to burn from major oil wells and a pipeline attacked earlier, halting oil exports. The militant Brigades of Iraq's Honorable People release videos showing beheadings of three Iraqi security guards kidnapped in Baghdad. ](/news/2004/11/3/a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-another-in-salman-pak-south-of-baghdad-an-iraqi-oil-ministry-official-is-shot-dead-while.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul, Tikrit_
2. [Suicide bombers strike in the cities of Tikrit and Samarra in Iraq, killing at least 21. ](/news/2016/11/6/suicide-bombers-strike-in-the-cities-of-tikrit-and-samarra-in-iraq-killing-at-least-21.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra, Tikrit_
3. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
4. [A suicide attacker blows up a tanker lorry at the police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, killing at least nine people. Three people are killed in a separate shooting in Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/1/a-suicide-attacker-blows-up-a-tanker-lorry-at-the-police-headquarters-in-the-iraqi-city-of-tikrit-killing-at-least-nine-people-three-peopl.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Tikrit_
5. [At least eight people are killed and several are missing after a restaurant boat sinks in the Tigris, in central Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2013/02/28/at-least-eight-people-are-killed-and-several-are-missing-after-a-restaurant-boat-sinks-in-the-tigris-in-central-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Tigris River_
6. [At least 33 people are killed and dozens more are injured in bombings in Baghdad, Kirkuk and Samarra in Iraq's worst violence in weeks. ](/news/2012/04/19/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-injured-in-bombings-in-baghdad-kirkuk-and-samarra-in-iraq-s-worst-violence-in-weeks.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
7. [ A series of bombings in Iraq kill 48 people and injure 231 in Baghdad and Mosul in continuing violence between Shiites and Sunnis in the area. ](/news/2009/08/10/a-series-of-bombings-in-iraq-kill-48-people-and-injure-231-in-baghdad-and-mosul-in-continuing-violence-between-shiites-and-sunnis-in-the-ar.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Mosul_
8. [ Insurgents kill 4 US Troops in an IED explosion in Samarra, north of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2005/08/18/insurgents-kill-4-us-troops-in-an-ied-explosion-in-samarra-north-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
9. [ Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results. In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60. Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad. Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four. In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home. A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-results-in-salman-pak.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: In an apparent coordinated attack, insurgents raid a police station in Dijla and execute 12 police officers. Three Iraqi policemen are shot at a checkpoint outside of Tikrit. Four policemen and one national guardsman are gunned down at a police station in Ishaki. A local police commander is assassinated in Baquba. A car bomb detonated near a US-Iraqi military convoy in Samarra kills three national guardsmen and three civilians. All these attacks occurred in the Sunni Triangle. ](/news/2004/12/28/conflict-in-iraq-in-an-apparent-coordinated-attack-insurgents-raid-a-police-station-in-dijla-and-execute-12-police-officers-three-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraq, Samarra, Tikrit_
