### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# Jordan says an overnight raid on an ISIL cell in the city of Irbid has left seven militants and one security officer dead, with five others injured. Those killed were planning to blow up civilian and military targets in the country, according to the General Intelligence Directorate (GID). 

Jordan says a raid in the city of Irbid that left seven suspected jihadist militants dead foiled attacks being plotted by so-called Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-35701841)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/7228/production/_88542292_88542009.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Four police officers and one suspect have been killed following a raid on an apartment near Al-Karak in Jordan. Two more suspects have been arrested under suspicions of connections with Sunday's attack in the city by the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/12/20/four-police-officers-and-one-suspect-have-been-killed-following-a-raid-on-an-apartment-near-al-karak-in-jordan-two-more-suspects-have-been.md) _Context: Islamic State, Jordan_
2. [Jordan declares its borders with Syria and Iraq are to be closed military zones following yesterday's suicide bomb attack in Rukban, Mafraq Governorate, that killed six soldiers. ](/news/2016/06/22/jordan-declares-its-borders-with-syria-and-iraq-are-to-be-closed-military-zones-following-yesterday-s-suicide-bomb-attack-in-rukban-mafraq.md) _Context: Jordan, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
3. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Islamic State, Jordan_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: Islamic State, Jordan_
5. [The United States delivers eight UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters to Jordan to help the Jordanian Armed Forces defend the country from the threat of ISIL. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-united-states-delivers-eight-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopters-to-jordan-to-help-the-jordanian-armed-forces-defend-the-country-from-the-threa.md) _Context: Islamic State, Jordan_
6. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Islamic State, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
7. [Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-killed-during-a-raid-on-a-house-used-by-militants-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-in-so.md) _Context: Islamic State, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
8. [Turkish warplanes strike ISIS positions in northern Syria following an exchange of gunfire on the Turkish-Syrian border which left one Turkish soldier dead. The airstrikes are said to have killed as many as 35 ISIS militants. ](/news/2015/07/24/turkish-warplanes-strike-isis-positions-in-northern-syria-following-an-exchange-of-gunfire-on-the-turkish-syrian-border-which-left-one-turki.md) _Context: Islamic State, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
9. [Turkey scrambles fighter jets and Turkish tanks open fire on ISIS positions along the Syrian border following an exchange of fire which left one Turkish soldier dead and two injured. The clashes are the first direct combat between the Turkish military and ISIS forces. There are multiple reports of Turkish ground forces crossing the official border into Syria. ](/news/2015/07/23/turkey-scrambles-fighter-jets-and-turkish-tanks-open-fire-on-isis-positions-along-the-syrian-border-following-an-exchange-of-fire-which-left.md) _Context: Islamic State, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
10. [Jordan executes convicted Iraqi terrorists Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad al-Karbouli in response to the execution by ISIL of Jordanian Air Force lieutenant Muath Al-Kasasbeh. ](/news/2015/02/4/jordan-executes-convicted-iraqi-terrorists-sajida-al-rishawi-and-ziad-al-karbouli-in-response-to-the-execution-by-isil-of-jordanian-air-forc.md) _Context: Islamic State, Jordan_
