### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# Mining company Samarco agrees to pay $4.4bn reais (GBP804m) in compensation to victims of the Bento Rodrigues dam disaster in Brazil. 

The owners of a Brazilian mine that suffered a dam burst, setting off a deadly mudslide, have agreed to pay 4.4bn reais (£804m) in damages.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-35713165)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: Brazil, Samarco_
2. [Bento Rodrigues dam disaster: The Government of Brazil sues iron miner Samarco and parent companies Vale and BHP Billiton for 155 billion Brazilian reals ($43.5 billion US) for the collapse of a tailings dam that resulted in 19 deaths and caused major pollution to the Doce River. ](/news/2016/05/3/bento-rodrigues-dam-disaster-the-government-of-brazil-sues-iron-miner-samarco-and-parent-companies-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-155-billion-br.md) _Context: Bento Rodrigues dam disaster, Samarco_
3. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Brazil_
4. [Maritime incidents in 2017: The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/maritime-incidents-in-2017-the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at.md) _Context: Brazil_
5. [Corruption in Brazil: Operation Car Wash: Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [A general strike is held in Brazil, the first one in twenty years. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-general-strike-is-held-in-brazil-the-first-one-in-twenty-years.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [List of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launches: SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/list-of-falcon-9-and-falcon-heavy-launches-spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-se.md) _Context: Brazil_
