### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# One Chinese national is killed and three others injured in a possible militant attack on  a Chinese-invested company in Laos, the official Xinhua News Agency reports. 

One Chinese national was killed and three wounded in a &quot;militant&quot; attack in Laos, state media said on Wednesday, in what was at least the second confirmed attack in the country involving Chinese workers this year.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-laos-china-attacks-idUSKCN0W40K4)

### Related:

1. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua News Agency_
2. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua News Agency_
3. [Chinese state news agency  Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote.  The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO).  ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-ap.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua News Agency_
4. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: Chinese, Laos_
5. [Asian and European leaders meet at the Ninth Asia-Europe Meeting in Vientiane, Laos to discuss issues including the current financial crisis. 51 foreign leaders are expected to attend including premier of China Wen Jiabao and President of Laos Choummaly Sayasone. ](/news/2012/11/5/asian-and-european-leaders-meet-at-the-ninth-asiaaeurope-meeting-in-vientiane-laos-to-discuss-issues-including-the-current-financial-cris.md) _Context: Chinese, Laos_
6. [After Sri Lanka, Liang Guanglie leaves India for Laos. It has been the first visit to India of a Chinese Minister of Defence in eight years. ](/news/2012/09/6/after-sri-lanka-liang-guanglie-leaves-india-for-laos-it-has-been-the-first-visit-to-india-of-a-chinese-minister-of-defence-in-eight-years.md) _Context: Chinese, Laos_
7. [Syrian civil war:A Chinese state news commentary on recent U.S. "red line" remarks states that, once again, Western powers are digging deep for excuses to intervene militarily in another conflict-torn Middle East country. It sharply denounces the U.S.' "calculus". ](/news/2012/08/22/syrian-civil-war-pa-chinese-state-news-commentary-on-recent-u-s-red-line-remarks-states-that-once-again-western-powers-are-digging-deep.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua News Agency_
8. [ Xinhua News Agency says China has rescued 25 sailors and the ''De Xin Hai'', the hijacked Chinese cargo ship, two months after they were seized off Somalia. ](/news/2009/12/28/xinhua-news-agency-says-china-has-rescued-25-sailors-and-the-de-xin-hai-the-hijacked-chinese-cargo-ship-two-months-after-they-were-se.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua News Agency_
9. [ A 6.4 magnitude earthquake strikes southern China near the Myanmar and Laos borders, causing casualties. ](/news/2007/06/3/a-6-4-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-southern-china-near-the-myanmar-and-laos-borders-causing-casualties.md) _Context: Chinese, Laos_
10. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: Chinese_
