### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# South China Sea disputes. Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, -... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said. In addition to China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/philippines-spots-suspected-chinese-ships-at-disputed-atoll/2016/03/01/e03b65fa-e02f-11e5-8c00-8aa03741dced_story.html)

### Related:

1. [ Spratly Islands: The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.](/news/2002/09/23/spratly-islands-the-governor-of-the-philippine-state-of-palawan-has-sent-philippine-soldiers-to-take-possession-of-the-uninhabited-oil-ric.md) _Context: Brunei, Malaysia, Spratly Islands, Taiwan, Vietnam_
2. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam_
3. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Taiwan_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, China-United States relations. Malaysia-United States relations. U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China-s dismay over a U.S. Navy ship-s sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-malaysia-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: Malaysia, Spratly Islands_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying -China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-sp.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Spratly Islands_
6. ["Philippines v. China". The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Vietnam_
7. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China files a protest after two American jet fighters landed on April 1 at an air base in Taiwan. ](/news/2015/04/2/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-files-a-protest-after-two-american-jet-fighters-landed-on-april-1-at-an-ai.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Taiwan_
8. [Albert del Rosario, the Philippines Secretary of Foreign Affairs, wants to withdraw Filipino peacekeepers from the Golan Heights subsequent to Syrian rebels kidnapping four troops. ](/news/2013/05/10/albert-del-rosario-the-philippines-secretary-of-foreign-affairs-wants-to-withdraw-filipino-peacekeepers-from-the-golan-heights-subsequent.md) _Context: Albert del Rosario, Philippines Foreign Secretary_
9. [Anti-China protests take place in Vietnam amid tensions over the disputed Spratly Islands part of the South China Sea dispute. ](/news/2012/07/8/anti-china-protests-take-place-in-vietnam-amid-tensions-over-the-disputed-spratly-islands-part-of-the-south-china-sea-dispute.md) _Context: Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
10. [South China Sea dispute:. China criticizes Vietnam for passing a law that claims sovereignty of the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2012/06/22/south-china-sea-dispute-china-criticizes-vietnam-for-passing-a-law-that-claims-sovereignty-of-the-spratly-islands.md) _Context: Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
