### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/03/02/un-approves-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-20-years.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council  condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions.  ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
2. [The People's Republic of China refuses to let the United Nations Security Council publish a report on North Korea's efforts to avoid sanctions on its nuclear program. ](/news/2011/02/23/the-people-s-republic-of-china-refuses-to-let-the-united-nations-security-council-publish-a-report-on-north-korea-s-efforts-to-avoid-sanctio.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ North Korea launches its sixth ballistic missile despite the United Nations Security Council's possible international sanctions. ](/news/2009/05/30/north-korea-launches-its-sixth-ballistic-missile-despite-the-united-nations-security-council-s-possible-international-sanctions.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
4. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
5. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
