### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# The Tunisian Army kills five suspected ISIL militants near the town of Ben Gardane after they infiltrated across the border from neighboring Libya. 

Tunisian security forces killed five Islamist militants after they infiltrated across the border from neighbouring Libya, authorities said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-tunisia-security-idUKKCN0W42OR)

### Related:

1. [At least 50 people are killed, including 33 militants, seven civilians and ten soldiers, in armed clashes between the Tunisian Army and Islamist militants in the town of Ben Gardane, near the border with Libya. ](/news/2016/03/7/at-least-50-people-are-killed-including-33-militants-seven-civilians-and-ten-soldiers-in-armed-clashes-between-the-tunisian-army-and-isla.md) _Context: Ben Gardane, Libya, army_
2. [The United Kingdom is to send troops to Tunisia to help the Tunisian Army prevent ISIL militants from moving into the country from Libya. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-kingdom-is-to-send-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-the-tunisian-army-prevent-isil-militants-from-moving-into-the-country-from-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Crisis (2011-present), army_
3. [Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/02/21/germany-is-considering-sending-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-train-the-tunisian-army-in-the-fight-against-islamist-militants-particularly-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya, army_
4. [An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya_
5. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya_
6. [Spillover of the Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. ](/news/2016/03/8/spillover-of-the-tunisia-s-army-and-security-forces-kill-another-five-suspected-terrorists-in-an-operation-near-the-libyan-border.md) _Context: Libya, army_
7. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya_
8. [United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-western-libya-near-the-tunisian-border-reportedly-killing-at-least-38-pe.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya_
9. [The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells.  ](/news/2016/01/6/the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulting-in-at-least-10-security-personne.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is-libya-s-largest-oil-depot-two-mem.md) _Context: Islamic State, Libya_
