### [2016-03-2](/news/2016/03/2/index.md)

# Two Palestinian teenagers, from the nearby village of Qaryout, got into a Jewish settlement and stabbed an Israeli settler at his home in the  Eli settlement near Nablus in the occupied West Bank. They were stopped and killed by the army. The injured settler was taken to a hospital. 

Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian teens who had attacked an Israeli settler at his home in the occupied West Bank on Wednesday, the military said, as a wave of heightened violence entered its sixth month.


### Source:

1. [AFP via i24news](http://www.i24news.tv/en/news/israel/diplomacy-defense/104762-160302-west-bank-two-palestinian-terrorists-killed-after-attempted-attack)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0W40I8)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Two Palestinians are shot by Jewish settlers when conflict erupts in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/02/23/israeliapalestinian-conflict-ptwo-palestinians-are-shot-by-jewish-settlers-when-conflict-erupts-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian man is shot dead near the Israeli settlement of Netzarim in the Gaza Strip. Israel Defence Force sources claim he was armed. ](/news/2005/07/17/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-a-palestinian-man-is-shot-dead-near-the-israeli-settlement-of-netzarim-in-the-gaza-strip-israel-defence-f.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." ](/news/2016/06/30/a-17-year-old-palestinian-stabs-and-kills-a-sleeping-13-year-old-israeli-and-american-citizen-girl-hallel-yaffa-ariel-in-her-bedroom-the-as.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while  traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The  IDF says  an official investigation has been opened.  Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [Faulty readings from a  GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle.  At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Israeli–Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
