### [2003-01-9](/news/2003/01/9/index.md)

#  UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix and International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohammed El Baradei give a report to the United Nations Security Council. They say that progress on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is "inching forward" but that a more "pro-active" stance is required from the Iraqi government.




### Related:

1. [ The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.](/news/2003/02/7/the-chief-united-nations-arms-inspector-hans-blix-said-iraq-appeared-to-be-making-fresh-efforts-to-cooperate-with-u-n-teams-hunting-weapon.md) _Context: Hans Blix, Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ UNMOVIC chief weapons inspectors Hans Blix and Mohamed ElBaradei presented a report to the United Nations Security Council. They stated that the Iraqis had been co-operating well with the inspectors and that no weapons of mass destruction had been found, but that the Saddam Hussein regime had still to account for many banned weapons believed to have been in his arsenal. Mr Blix also expressed doubts about some of the conclusions in Colin Powell's Security Council presentation of February 5, and specifically questioned the significance of some of the photographic evidence that Mr Powell had presented.](/news/2003/02/14/unmovic-chief-weapons-inspectors-hans-blix-and-mohamed-elbaradei-presented-a-report-to-the-united-nations-security-council-they-stated-tha.md) _Context: Hans Blix, United Nations Security Council, weapons of mass destruction_
3. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The International Atomic Energy Agency votes to report Syria to the United Nations Security Council over its alleged covert nuclear programme. ](/news/2011/06/9/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-votes-to-report-syria-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-its-alleged-covert-nuclear-programm.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations Security Council_
5. [In the International Atomic Energy Agency's report before the United Nations Security Council votes on sanctions against Iran, international nuclear inspectors state that Iran has now produced a stockpile of nuclear fuel that would be enough, with further enrichment, to make two nuclear weapons, and it appears to bolster the Obama administration's case for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2010/05/31/in-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-s-report-before-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-sanctions-against-iran-international.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair states in an interview that he would have gone to war in Iraq even if he had known that it had no weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2009/12/13/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-states-in-an-interview-that-he-would-have-gone-to-war-in-iraq-even-if-he-had-known-that-it-had-no.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ Foreign Minister of Iran Manouchehr Mottaki confirms that Iran will attend a conference on Iraq featuring Iraq's neighbours and the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2007/03/7/foreign-minister-of-iran-manouchehr-mottaki-confirms-that-iran-will-attend-a-conference-on-iraq-featuring-iraq-s-neighbours-and-the-permane.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
8. [ The United Nations Security Council unanimously passes a resolution that extends the mandate of the United States-led multinational force in Iraq until December 31, 2007. The new resolution requires a review of the mandate to begin by June 15, 2007, or sooner if the government of Iraq requests it. The government of Iraq can also revoke the mandate before its end if it chooses to do so. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-passes-a-resolution-that-extends-the-mandate-of-the-united-states-led-multinational-force-i.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations Security Council_
9. [ Twenty-seven out of 35 countries on the IAEA's Board of Governors vote to refer the nuclear program of Iran to the United Nations Security Council out of concern over Iran's plans to enrich nuclear materials and to refuse IAEA inspection of the process. ](/news/2006/02/4/twenty-seven-out-of-35-countries-on-the-iaea-s-board-of-governors-vote-to-refer-the-nuclear-program-of-iran-to-the-united-nations-security.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations Security Council_
10. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency has deferred until Saturday a vote on whether to report Iran to the UN Security Council over concerns its nuclear programs may produce weapons. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-has-deferred-until-saturday-a-vote-on-whether-to-report-iran-to-the-un-security-council-over-concern.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations Security Council_
