### [2002-05-31](/news/2002/05/31/index.md)

#  The United States Department of State issues a travel warning advising all Americans except for essential diplomatic personnel (about 60,000 people) to leave India because "conditions along India's border with Pakistan and in the state of Jammu and Kashmir have deteriorated."




### Related:

1. [India-Pakistan relations: Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
2. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
3. [India-Pakistan relations: India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
4. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
5. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
6. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
7. [A bus crashes into a ravine in Pakistan's Kashmir region killing 16 people with 37 others injured. ](/news/2014/07/21/a-bus-crashes-into-a-ravine-in-pakistan-s-kashmir-region-killing-16-people-with-37-others-injured.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
8. [An Indian Army soldier is reported killed and another injured along the Line of Control on the border with Pakistan in Kashmir. ](/news/2013/10/28/an-indian-army-soldier-is-reported-killed-and-another-injured-along-the-line-of-control-on-the-border-with-pakistan-in-kashmir.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
9. [Kashmir conflict:: India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
10. [Kashmir conflict:: Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
