### [2015-02-27](/news/2015/02/27/index.md)

# A gunman kills seven people then himself in a series of shootings in Tyrone, Missouri. 

Nine people are dead, including the gunman, in a shooting spree across multiple locations in the rural southern Missouri community of Tyrone.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/crime-courts/nine-dead-including-gunman-after-missouri-shooting-spree-police-n314071)

### Related:

1. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: Missouri_
2. [April 2017 North American storm complex: At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Missouri_
3. [Chuck Berry, pioneering rock music singer and guitarist, dies in the U.S. state of Missouri at the age of 90. Berry was one of the first inductees in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. ](/news/2017/03/18/chuck-berry-pioneering-rock-music-singer-and-guitarist-dies-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri-at-the-age-of-90-berry-was-one-of-the-first-ind.md) _Context: Missouri_
4. [United States presidential election debates, 2016: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold the second presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. presidential election at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, in a "town meeting" format. ](/news/2016/10/9/united-states-presidential-election-debates-2016-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-hold-the-second-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-pre.md) _Context: Missouri_
5. [Peabody Energy, the largest privately-owned producer of coal in the world headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, files for bankruptcy court protection due to high debts and a drop in world prices. ](/news/2016/04/13/peabody-energy-the-largest-privately-owned-producer-of-coal-in-the-world-headquartered-in-st-louis-missouri-files-for-bankruptcy-court-p.md) _Context: Missouri_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's requirement, 0.5 percent - one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hi.md) _Context: Missouri_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Missouri_
8. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri_
9. [Ferguson unrest: An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/ferguson-unrest-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: Missouri_
10. [Shooting of Michael Brown: 2014 Ferguson unrest: A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/shooting-of-michael-brown-2014-ferguson-unrest-a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wils.md) _Context: Missouri_
