### [2015-02-27](/news/2015/02/27/index.md)

# In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. 

A leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov has been shot dead in Moscow. According to several Russian news agencies, the 56-year-old


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31669061)
2. [euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2015/02/27/russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-shot-dead-in-moscow/)
2. [Cover Image](http://static.euronews.com/articles/301062/1000x563_301062.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-large-rally-with-estimated-counts-ranging-from-7-500-to-100-000-honors-former-deputy-prime-minister-and-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov, deputy prime minister_
2. [A jury trial convicts five individuals accused of working together to assassinate Boris Nemtsov. These individuals had been promised a bounty of 15 million Russian rubles. Critics say the original financiers and organizers of the crime have not been identified. ](/news/2017/06/29/a-jury-trial-convicts-five-individuals-accused-of-working-together-to-assassinate-boris-nemtsov-these-individuals-had-been-promised-a-bount.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
3. [A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. ](/news/2015/03/8/a-court-in-moscow-charges-two-men-of-chechen-origin-zaur-dadayev-and-ansor-gubashev-who-were-among-five-arrested-march-7-with-the-murder.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
4. [Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. ](/news/2015/03/7/russian-authorities-arrest-five-men-anzor-gubashev-and-zaur-dadayev-suspects-from-the-rebellious-north-caucasus-region-according-to-russi.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
5. [The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-who-confessed-to-being-part-of-the.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
6. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
7. [Russian authorities refuse entry into Russia at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport to a Latvian lawmaker and vice-chair of the biggest bloc in the EU, Sandra Kalniete. Having received no reasonable explanation for the ban, she flies back to Brussels. ](/news/2015/03/3/russian-authorities-refuse-entry-into-russia-at-moscow-s-sheremetyevo-international-airport-to-a-latvian-lawmaker-and-vice-chair-of-the-bigg.md) _Context: assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
8. [Russia's leading opposition activists Boris Nemtsov, Alexei Navalny, Ilya Yashin are jailed for 7-10 days for disobeying a police officer while protesting against the Bolotnaya square case. The previous day, in Moscow police detained over 400 people, including Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina. ](/news/2014/02/25/russia-s-leading-opposition-activists-boris-nemtsov-alexei-navalny-ilya-yashin-are-jailed-for-7-10-days-for-disobeying-a-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov_
9. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov_
