### [2009-01-14](/news/2009/01/14/index.md)

#  2008-2009 Israel-Gaza conflict:: In an audio message, Osama bin Laden urges Muslims to launch a holy war on Israel. (




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7829716.stm)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Gaza-UN-Chief-Ban-Ki-Moon-On-Middle-East-Peace-Mission-As-Rockets-Fired-From-Lebanon-Hit-Israel/Article/200901215202934?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_0&lid=ARTICLE_15202934_Gaza%3A_UN_Chief_Ban_Ki-Moon_On_Middle_East_Peace_Mission_As_Rockets_Fired_From_Lebanon_Hit_Israel)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Muslim_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Muslim_
3. ["The Washington Post" reports that an FBI informant so frightened Muslim worshippers by referring to violent jihad while spying on an Islamic community centre in Irvine, California, that they reported him to the authorities. The FBI spy, a convicted fraudster, sues the FBI. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-washington-post-reports-that-an-fbi-informant-so-frightened-muslim-worshippers-by-referring-to-violent-jihad-while-spying-on-an-islami.md) _Context: Muslim, jihad_
4. [In a second audio recording in 24 hours, Al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden says Muslim nations haven't done enough to support relief efforts in flood-hit Pakistan. ](/news/2010/10/3/in-a-second-audio-recording-in-24-hours-al-qaida-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-muslim-nations-haven-t-done-enough-to-support-relief-efforts-i.md) _Context: Muslim, Osama bin Laden_
5. [Ayman al-Zawahiri, speaking via an audio message, criticises the Turkish government for what he says is co-operation with Israel, as well as "killing Muslims in Afghanistan". ](/news/2010/08/15/ayman-al-zawahiri-speaking-via-an-audio-message-criticises-the-turkish-government-for-what-he-says-is-co-operation-with-israel-as-well-as.md) _Context: Israel, Muslim_
6. [ The Israeli Air Force attacks the Gaza Strip after Palestinian militants fire two rockets into the country. ](/news/2009/02/7/the-israeli-air-force-attacks-the-gaza-strip-after-palestinian-militants-fire-two-rockets-into-the-country.md) _Context: Israel, fire_
7. [ 2008-2009 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Israel announces restrictions on Al Jazeera broadcasts within its borders. ](/news/2009/02/3/2008-2009-israel-gaza-conflict-israel-announces-restrictions-on-al-jazeera-broadcasts-within-its-borders.md) _Context: Israel, fire_
8. [ Palestinian militants fire three rockets into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/19/palestinian-militants-fire-three-rockets-into-israel.md) _Context: Israel, fire_
9. [ Prime Minister Ehud Olmert denies reports that Israel is negotiating with Hamas. ](/news/2009/02/15/prime-minister-ehud-olmert-denies-reports-that-israel-is-negotiating-with-hamas.md) _Context: Israel, fire_
10. [ Prime Minister Ehud Olmert says Israel will not negotiate any long-term ceasefire in its conflict with Hamas unless prisoner-of-war Gilad Shalit is released. ](/news/2009/02/14/prime-minister-ehud-olmert-says-israel-will-not-negotiate-any-long-term-ceasefire-in-its-conflict-with-hamas-unless-prisoner-of-war-gilad-s.md) _Context: Israel, fire_
