### [2009-01-14](/news/2009/01/14/index.md)

#  In an audio message, Osama bin Laden urges Muslims to launch a holy war on Israel. (




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7829716.stm)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Gaza-UN-Chief-Ban-Ki-Moon-On-Middle-East-Peace-Mission-As-Rockets-Fired-From-Lebanon-Hit-Israel/Article/200901215202934?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_0&lid=ARTICLE_15202934_Gaza%3A_UN_Chief_Ban_Ki-Moon_On_Middle_East_Peace_Mission_As_Rockets_Fired_From_Lebanon_Hit_Israel)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Muslim_
2. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Muslim_
3. ["The Washington Post" reports that an FBI informant so frightened Muslim worshippers by referring to violent jihad while spying on an Islamic community centre in Irvine, California, that they reported him to the authorities. The FBI spy, a convicted fraudster, sues the FBI. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-washington-post-reports-that-an-fbi-informant-so-frightened-muslim-worshippers-by-referring-to-violent-jihad-while-spying-on-an-islami.md) _Context: Muslim, jihad_
4. [In a second audio recording in 24 hours, Al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden says Muslim nations haven't done enough to support relief efforts in flood-hit Pakistan. ](/news/2010/10/3/in-a-second-audio-recording-in-24-hours-al-qaida-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-muslim-nations-haven-t-done-enough-to-support-relief-efforts-i.md) _Context: Muslim, Osama bin Laden_
5. [Ayman al-Zawahiri, speaking via an audio message, criticises the Turkish government for what he says is co-operation with Israel, as well as "killing Muslims in Afghanistan". ](/news/2010/08/15/ayman-al-zawahiri-speaking-via-an-audio-message-criticises-the-turkish-government-for-what-he-says-is-co-operation-with-israel-as-well-as.md) _Context: Israel, Muslim_
6. [ Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin laden leaves an audio message on the Internet vowing to continue the fight against Israel. ](/news/2008/05/16/al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-leaves-an-audio-message-on-the-internet-vowing-to-continue-the-fight-against-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Osama bin Laden_
7. [ Abu Hamza al-Muhajir, the new leader of al-Qaida in Iraq, urges Muslims to make the month of Ramadan a "month of holy war" in an audiotape posted on an Islamic web site. ](/news/2006/09/28/abu-hamza-al-muhajir-the-new-leader-of-al-qaida-in-iraq-urges-muslims-to-make-the-month-of-ramadan-a-month-of-holy-war-in-an-audiotape.md) _Context: Muslim, jihad_
8. [ Imam Zulqarnain Sakandar Madni, the spiritual leader of Norwegian Muslims, accuses the United States Government of masterminding the September 11 attacks and expresses doubt that Osama bin Laden exists, citing the online documentary "Loose Change". The U.S. embassy in Oslo issues a statement condemning Madni for "spreading false stories to protect terrorists." Mohammad Hamdan, leader of the Islamic Council in Norway, says Madni's views must be put into context and that it is not important "who is behind it, but how we can fight terrorism and live together in peace." ](/news/2006/09/13/imam-zulqarnain-sakandar-madni-the-spiritual-leader-of-norwegian-muslims-accuses-the-united-states-government-of-masterminding-the-septem.md) _Context: Muslim, Osama bin Laden_
9. [ Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad-until-islam-reigns-from-spain.md) _Context: Israel, jihad_
10. [ Osama Bin Laden calls for Jihad against "Crusaders" in Darfur in audiotape released to Al Jazeera. ](/news/2006/04/23/osama-bin-laden-calls-for-jihad-against-crusaders-in-darfur-in-audiotape-released-to-al-jazeera.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, jihad_
