### [2009-01-14](/news/2009/01/14/index.md)

#  United Kingdom Opposition Leader David Cameron pledges to hold a referendum on the European Union's Lisbon Treaty if his Conservative Party is elected later this year. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33509678-e111-11dd-b0e8-000077b07658.html)

### Related:

1. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron, European Union_
2. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
3. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, European Union_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, European Union_
5. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, European Union_
6. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, outlines who will be able to vote in the referendum on the United Kingdom remaining a member of the European Union with the vote restricted to those eligible to vote in British elections rather than European Parliament elections. ](/news/2015/05/25/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-outlines-who-will-be-able-to-vote-in-the-referendum-on-the-united-kingdom-remaining.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, European Union_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, European Union_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
9. [UK General Election countdownConservative leader David Cameron launches his party's election manifesto, which he says is a "plan to change Britain for the better". He said the "optimistic" plan would bring a "new kind of government" with less state and more "people power". ](/news/2010/04/13/uk-general-election-countdownpconservative-leader-david-cameron-launches-his-party-s-election-manifesto-which-he-says-is-a-plan-to-change.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
10. [ David Cameron wins the leadership election for the United Kingdom Conservative Party. ](/news/2005/12/6/david-cameron-wins-the-leadership-election-for-the-united-kingdom-conservative-party.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
