### [2017-06-1](/news/2017/06/1/index.md)

# The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/01/politics/trump-travel-ban-supreme-court/index.html)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/02/us/politics/travel-ban-supreme-court-trump.html?mabReward=ACTM_TC4&recp=0)

### Related:

1. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel, United States immigration ban_
2. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on-the-basis-of-religious-discriminatio.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Supreme Court_
4. [In response to a federal appeal, U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson (Hawaii), who on March 15 issued a temporary, national restraining order on implementation of the revised federal immigration/refugee rules, upgrades his earlier ruling to a preliminary injunction until Hawaii's lawsuit is resolved. ](/news/2017/03/29/in-response-to-a-federal-appeal-u-s-district-judge-derrick-watson-hawaii-who-on-march-15-issued-a-temporary-national-restraining-order.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, United States immigration ban_
5. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel, United States Department of Justice_
6. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel, United States Department of Justice_
7. [The United States Supreme Court grants  a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the  Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Supreme Court_
8. [A United States Court of Appeals rules that the Department of Justice, per the Rohrabacher-Farr amendment,  cannot spend money to prosecute federal marijuana cases if the defendants comply with state medical marijuana laws.  ](/news/2016/08/16/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-rules-that-the-department-of-justice-per-the-rohrabacher-farr-amendment-cannot-spend-money-to-prosecute.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel, United States Department of Justice_
9. [The U.S. Supreme Court's even split among the current eight justices turns down a group of California teachers' challenge to agency fees public sector unions representing government employees charge employees for collective bargaining costs, whether or not they choose to join the union. Twenty-four other states and the District of Columbia have a similar provision. The ninth circuit federal appellate court ruling in the union's favor stands. Employees challenging the law may bring the appeal again, once the vacancy on the nation's highest court is filled. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-s-even-split-among-the-current-eight-justices-turns-down-a-group-of-california-teachers-challenge-to-agency-fees-pub.md) _Context: Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel, Supreme Court_
10. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, Supreme Court_
