### [2017-06-1](/news/2017/06/1/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. 

World’s second largest greenhouse gas emitter will remove itself from global treaty as Trump claims accord ‘will harm’ American jobs


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jun/01/donald-trump-confirms-us-will-quit-paris-climate-deal)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/cdf319e2a4c86efabde7fe9469cbb03959fc7fe0/0_348_5220_3132/master/5220.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=f17d2ec87fff49faa0fc9ad6582965e8)

### Related:

1. [The "charge d'affaires" of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's announcement he will withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw-the.md) _Context: Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement, climate change mitigation_
2. [Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils-in-response-to-trump-s-decision-to-withdraw-the-u.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
3. [Elon Musk quits as an official advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump in protest at the United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/1/elon-musk-quits-as-an-official-advisor-to-u-s-president-donald-trump-in-protest-at-the-united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
4. [The meeting of Group of 7 leaders in Taormina, Italy, concludes with a disagreement on whether to uphold the Paris Agreement; U.S. President Donald Trump is the only leader not to confirm commitment to the agreement, due to his climate change denial. ](/news/2017/05/27/the-meeting-of-group-of-7-leaders-in-taormina-italy-concludes-with-a-disagreement-on-whether-to-uphold-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement, U.S. President_
5. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
6. [Amid criticism of U.S. national anthem protests by U.S. President Donald Trump, some National Football League players and teams react to the controversy by kneeling, linking arms, or skipping game performances of the national anthem. ](/news/2017/09/24/amid-criticism-of-u-s-national-anthem-protests-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-some-national-football-league-players-and-teams-react-to-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
10. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
