### [2017-06-1](/news/2017/06/1/index.md)

# United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/01/politics/trump-travel-ban-supreme-court/index.html)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/02/us/politics/travel-ban-supreme-court-trump.html?mabReward=ACTM_TC4&recp=0)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration policy. A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/united-states-immigration-policy-a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-impl.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
2. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780. A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
3. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
6. [Voter ID laws in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [United States immigration ban. In response to a federal appeal, U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson (Hawaii), who on March 15 issued a temporary, national restraining order on implementation of the revised federal immigration/refugee rules, upgrades his earlier ruling to a preliminary injunction until Hawaii's lawsuit is resolved. ](/news/2017/03/29/united-states-immigration-ban-in-response-to-a-federal-appeal-u-s-district-judge-derrick-watson-hawaii-who-on-march-15-issued-a-tempor.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, United States immigration ban_
8. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [Legal challenges to U.S. immigration suspension order. The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one. Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/legal-challenges-to-u-s-immigration-suspension-order-the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court, U.S. Supreme Court_
