### [2002-11-18](/news/2002/11/18/index.md)

#  The first team of United Nations weapons inspectors arrive in Iraq, where they will prepare for inspections for evidence of the development or possession of weapons of mass destruction by Saddam Hussein's regime.




### Related:

1. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
2. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
4. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
5. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Iraq bans planned group visits to Saddam Hussein's grave. ](/news/2009/07/7/iraq-bans-planned-group-visits-to-saddam-hussein-s-grave.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ The Presidency Council of Iraq approves the execution of Saddam Hussein's cousin Ali Hassan al-Majid, widely known as "Chemical Ali", for his role in the Al-Anfal Campaign against Iraqi Kurds in the 1980s. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-presidency-council-of-iraq-approves-the-execution-of-saddam-hussein-s-cousin-ali-hassan-al-majid-widely-known-as-chemical-ali-for-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ A study released by two non-profit journalism watchdogs concludes that the Bush administration released "an orchestrated campaign" of 935 erroneous public statements about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and ties to al Qaeda in the months leading up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2008/01/22/a-study-released-by-two-non-profit-journalism-watchdogs-concludes-that-the-bush-administration-released-an-orchestrated-campaign-of-935-e.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
10. [ Interpol issues warrants for the arrest of Saddam Hussein's eldest daughter Raghad Hussein and his first wife Sajida Khairalla Tulfa for providing support to Iraqi insurgents. ](/news/2007/08/17/interpol-issues-warrants-for-the-arrest-of-saddam-hussein-s-eldest-daughter-raghad-hussein-and-his-first-wife-sajida-khairalla-tulfa-for-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
