### [2001-09-18](/news/2001/09/18/index.md)

#  The 2001 anthrax attacks commence as anthrax letters are mailed from Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, to ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, the ''New York Post'', and the ''National Enquirer''.




### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: ABC News, CBS News, NBC News_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump is seeking top secret security clearances for his children, according to CBS News. ](/news/2016/11/14/president-elect-donald-trump-is-seeking-top-secret-security-clearances-for-his-children-according-to-cbs-news.md) _Context: CBS News_
3. [The ''New York Post'', a daily newspaper controlled by media magnate Rupert Murdoch, makes a u-turn and endorses Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-new-york-post-a-daily-newspaper-controlled-by-media-magnate-rupert-murdoch-makes-a-u-turn-and-endorses-donald-trump-for-president.md) _Context: New York Post_
4. [CIA Director John Brennan,  in an exclusive interview to air on NBC News tonight, says the United States intelligence agency will not use harsh, enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, even if ordered  by a future president. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have discussed  using waterboarding if elected. ](/news/2016/04/11/cia-director-john-brennan-in-an-exclusive-interview-to-air-on-nbc-news-tonight-says-the-united-states-intelligence-agency-will-not-use-ha.md) _Context: NBC News_
5. [The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission orders manufacturers of self-balancing scooters (hoverboards)  to ensure their products meet  safety standards or face recall, or seizure at ports. CPSC Chairman Elliot Kaye tells NBC News no hoverboard  currently on the market meets these standards. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-u-s-consumer-product-safety-commission-orders-manufacturers-of-self-balancing-scooters-hoverboards-to-ensure-their-products-meet-sa.md) _Context: NBC News_
6. [Vermont Senator  Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers  following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-and-suspends-two-staffers-following-friday.md) _Context: NBC News_
7. [Syrian civil war:NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel and his production team are freed after 5 days of captivity in northern Syria. They were captured by what Engel claims were members of the shabiha, a plainclothes militia loyal to President Bashar al-Assad. Rebel forces at a checkpoint freed the men after a firefight that killed 2 of the captors. ](/news/2012/12/18/syrian-civil-war-pnbc-news-chief-foreign-correspondent-richard-engel-and-his-production-team-are-freed-after-5-days-of-captivity-in-northern.md) _Context: NBC News_
8. [ABC News reports that President Barack Obama will nominate the United States Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke as the next United States ambassador to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/03/7/abc-news-reports-that-president-barack-obama-will-nominate-the-united-states-secretary-of-commerce-gary-locke-as-the-next-united-states-amba.md) _Context: ABC News_
9. [An analysis of the FBI's scientific work in the investigation of the 2001 anthrax attacks on the United States finds that the Bureau overstated the strength of the links to a supply held by Bruce Ivins. ](/news/2011/02/15/an-analysis-of-the-fbi-s-scientific-work-in-the-investigation-of-the-2001-anthrax-attacks-on-the-united-states-finds-that-the-bureau-oversta.md) _Context: 2001 anthrax attacks_
10. [NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/24/nbc-news-reports-that-united-states-investigators-have-been-unable-to-link-bradley-manning-to-julian-assange-founder-of-the-whistleblowing.md) _Context: NBC News_
