### [2003-03-14](/news/2003/03/14/index.md)

#  Iraq disarmament crisis: Key documents presented as evidence that the US should invade Iraq are revealed as forgeries. The documents stated that Niger was selling 500 tons of uranium to Iraq. One, dated 2000, was on stationery from the military government of the 1980s and referred to a foreign minister who had not been in power for 14 years; another bore a signature of the president of Niger that was an obvious fake. Iraq's supposed acquisition of African uranium was a feature in Colin Powell's speech to the UN Security Council in February and in George W. Bush's State of the Union Address. Senator John Rockefeller asked the FBI to investigate the origin of the documents. Rockefeller expressed concern that the forgeries "may be part of a larger deception campaign aimed at manipulating public opinion and foreign policy regarding Iraq."




### Related:

1. [ Occupation of Iraq: United Nations Security council members are split on the issue of Iraq. France, Russia, People's Republic of China, and Germany are proposing differing ways to expand the United Nations mandate in Iraq beyond humanitarian aid and reconstruction. Secretary of State of the United States Colin Powell states that there is no plan to cede authority to the United Nations from the Coalition forces. Powell also sought a new Security Council resolution that would involve other nations to contribute troops and aid in securing and rebuilding Iraq.](/news/2003/08/22/occupation-of-iraq-united-nations-security-council-members-are-split-on-the-issue-of-iraq-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and.md) _Context: Colin Powell, UN Security Council_
2. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.](/news/2003/03/7/iraq-disarmament-crisis-hans-blix-reports-to-the-un-security-council-citing-iraq-s-increased-but-qualified-cooperation.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis, UN Security Council_
3. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: The foreign ministers of France, Germany and Russia indicate that they will oppose any UN Security Council proposals that would authorize war with Iraq.](/news/2003/03/5/iraq-disarmament-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-france-germany-and-russia-indicate-that-they-will-oppose-any-un-security-council-proposa.md) _Context: Iraq disarmament crisis, UN Security Council_
4. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [ Israel's Foreign Ministry announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. ](/news/2016/12/27/israel-s-foreign-ministry-announces-that-it-is-reducing-ties-with-some-of-the-un-security-council-countries-that-voted-to-pass-united-nat.md) _Context: UN Security Council_
6. [Unknown assailants attack a refugee camp near the village of Tassalit, in Niger's Tahoua Region, killing at least 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/10/6/unknown-assailants-attack-a-refugee-camp-near-the-village-of-tassalit-in-niger-s-tahoua-region-killing-at-least-22-soldiers.md) _Context: Niger_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreement-with-the-united-states-concerning-uranium-research.md) _Context: uranium_
8. [Flooding in Niger kills at least 38 people and leaves more than 92,000 people displaced. ](/news/2016/09/7/flooding-in-niger-kills-at-least-38-people-and-leaves-more-than-92-000-people-displaced.md) _Context: Niger_
9. [Nigerien authorities discover the bodies of 34 migrants, mostly children, left behind in the Sahara desert by people smugglers who were taking them to Algeria and then to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/16/nigerien-authorities-discover-the-bodies-of-34-migrants-mostly-children-left-behind-in-the-sahara-desert-by-people-smugglers-who-were-taki.md) _Context: Niger_
10. [ Niger security forces kill 12 Boko Haram militants in Bosso. ](/news/2016/05/29/niger-security-forces-kill-12-boko-haram-militants-in-bosso.md) _Context: Niger_
