### [2003-03-14](/news/2003/03/14/index.md)

#  Norwegian firefighter Robert Srlie becomes the first non-American, and second non-Alaskan to win the 1,049 mile Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, which runs from Anchorage to Nome in the U.S. state of Alaska.




### Related:

1. [The Russian tanker "Renda", accompanied by the US Coast Guard icebreaker Healy, prepares to deliver fuel to Nome, Alaska. A fall storm had blocked an earlier fuel delivery, leaving the city facing fuel shortages. ](/news/2012/01/15/the-russian-tanker-renda-accompanied-by-the-us-coast-guard-icebreaker-healy-prepares-to-deliver-fuel-to-nome-alaska-a-fall-storm-had-b.md) _Context: Alaska, Nome_
2. [Mount Cleveland, a volcano in the U.S. state of Alaska, erupts, causing an air traffic alert to be issued. ](/news/2011/12/29/mount-cleveland-a-volcano-in-the-u-s-state-of-alaska-erupts-causing-an-air-traffic-alert-to-be-issued.md) _Context: Alaska, U.S. state_
3. [A large fire continues to burn at the Peter Pan Seafoods fish processing plant in Port Moller, Alaska, on the Alaska Peninsula. Much of the facility has been destroyed, and the plant is out of commission. Power is out in the village. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-large-fire-continues-to-burn-at-the-peter-pan-seafoods-fish-processing-plant-in-port-moller-alaska-on-the-alaska-peninsula-much-of-the.md) _Context: Alaska_
4. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Alaska_
5. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Alaska_
6. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
7. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: U.S. state_
8. [Two people are attacked and killed by black bears, in separate incidents in Alaska, following a rise in bear attacks in that state. ](/news/2017/06/19/two-people-are-attacked-and-killed-by-black-bears-in-separate-incidents-in-alaska-following-a-rise-in-bear-attacks-in-that-state.md) _Context: Alaska_
9. [Wildfires in central Portugal kill at least 24 people and several firefighters are among 20 injured. The death toll so far is the largest due to a wildfire in Portugal since 1966. ](/news/2017/06/17/wildfires-in-central-portugal-kill-at-least-24-people-and-several-firefighters-are-among-20-injured-the-death-toll-so-far-is-the-largest-du.md) _Context: firefighter_
10. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
