### [2003-03-14](/news/2003/03/14/index.md)

#  U.S. Representative James P. Moran, Democrat from Virginia, is forced out of a party leadership post after furor over his remarks that were interpreted as saying that American Jews are responsible for a possible war with Iraq.




### Related:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Iraq, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives approves a $US100 billion bill to fund the US war effort in Iraq and Afghanistan without a timetable for the withdrawal of troops from Iraq. ](/news/2007/05/24/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-a-us100-billion-bill-to-fund-the-us-war-effort-in-iraq-and-afghanistan-without-a-timet.md) _Context: Iraq, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ The United States House of Representatives passes legislation that would order United States forces to start withdrawing from Iraq by October 1. ](/news/2007/04/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-legislation-that-would-order-united-states-forces-to-start-withdrawing-from-iraq-by-octob.md) _Context: Iraq, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives propose legislation that would withdraw all U.S. combat troops from Iraq by August 2008 or sooner if certain requirements are not met. ](/news/2007/03/8/democratic-members-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-propose-legislation-that-would-withdraw-all-u-s-combat-troops-from-iraq-by-august.md) _Context: Iraq, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a resolution supporting President Bush's policy on Iraq 256-153. ](/news/2006/06/16/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-resolution-supporting-president-bush-s-policy-on-iraq-256-153.md) _Context: Iraq, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ U.S. presidential election: Several Democratic Party members of the U.S. House of Representatives request that the United Nations send observers to monitor the November 2 presidential election, citing the disputed 2000 presidential outcome. ](/news/2004/07/2/u-s-presidential-election-several-democratic-party-members-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-request-that-the-united-nations-send-obse.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Democratic, Iraq_
9. [ Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeats Republican Larry Diedrich in a closely watched by-election for South Dakota's US House seat. ](/news/2004/06/1/democrat-stephanie-herseth-narrowly-defeats-republican-larry-diedrich-in-a-closely-watched-by-election-for-south-dakota-s-us-house-seat.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a historic referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-historic-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
