### [2014-07-1](/news/2014/07/1/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: A car bomb explodes in a market in the northeast Nigerian town of Maiduguri, the birthplace of Boko Haram, with dozens feared dead. 




### Source:

1. [AP via SFGate](http://www.sfgate.com/news/world/article/Explosion-hits-market-in-Nigerian-city-Maiduguri-5592032.php)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Dual Boko Haram attacks in Maiduguri and Damaturu leave at least 77 dead, including 33 police, 6 soldiers, and 20 militants. ](/news/2014/12/1/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-dual-boko-haram-attacks-in-maiduguri-and-damaturu-leave-at-least-77-dead-including-33-police-6-soldiers.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Maiduguri_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: The Elders Forum in the Nigerian state of Borno warns that Boko Haram militants have surrounded the city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2014/09/11/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-the-elders-forum-in-the-nigerian-state-of-borno-warns-that-boko-haram-militants-have-surrounded-the-city-of.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Maiduguri_
3. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:: Suspected Boko Haram militants launch an attack in a village near the north-eastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri, killing approximately 45 people. ](/news/2014/06/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-suspected-boko-haram-militants-launch-an-attack-in-a-village-near-the-north-eastern-nigerian-city-of-maidug.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Maiduguri_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers kill at least eight people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/10/29/boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-boko-haram-suicide-bombers-kill-at-least-eight-people-in-the-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Maiduguri_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency: The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Maiduguri_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency: 2016 Dalori attack: At least 100 people are killed and hundreds others injured in an attack by Boko Haram militants on Dalori Village 4 kilometers from Maiduguri, Nigeria. ](/news/2016/01/31/boko-haram-insurgency-2016-dalori-attack-at-least-100-people-are-killed-and-hundreds-others-injured-in-an-attack-by-boko-haram-militants-o.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Maiduguri_
7. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
8. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram militants attack the northeast Nigerian city of Maiduguri with rocket-propelled grenades and multiple suicide bombers. At least 30 people are reportedly killed. ](/news/2015/12/27/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-the-northeast-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri-with-rocket-propelled-grenades-and-multiple-suic.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Maiduguri_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
10. [2015 West African offensive: Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: Cameroon-s army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country-s defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-west-african-offensive-islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-cameroon-s-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-memb.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
