### [2014-07-1](/news/2014/07/1/index.md)

# The Cabinet of Japan lifts a ban on the Japan Self-Defense Forces fighting overseas. The move is aimed towards defending allied countries. 

Cabinet approves changes to pacifist constitution allowing Japan&#039;s military to fight overseas for the first time since WWII.


### Source:

1. [Australia Network News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-07-01/an-japan-constitution/5564098)

### Related:

1. [Two explosions in a park in the Japanese city of Utsunomiya, Tochigi Prefecture, kill at least one person and injure three others. Local media report that a 72-year-old ex-military officer is responsible for the blasts. A fire the same day destroyed the suspect's house. ](/news/2016/10/23/two-explosions-in-a-park-in-the-japanese-city-of-utsunomiya-tochigi-prefecture-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-three-others-local-med.md) _Context: military_
2. [Japan-North Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-north-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missile.md) _Context: military_
3. [Japan-North Korea relations: Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid.md) _Context: military_
4. [Senkaku Islands dispute: China-Japan relations: As part of its wider military build up along the Japanese archipelagos in the East China Sea, Japan activates a new radar station on the island of Yonaguni that is close to the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2016/03/28/senkaku-islands-dispute-china-japan-relations-as-part-of-its-wider-military-build-up-along-the-japanese-archipelagos-in-the-east-china-s.md) _Context: military_
5. [Japan-North Korea relations: Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-inc.md) _Context: military_
6. [Japan-South Korea relations: Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: military_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Japan-Vietnam relations: Japan has delivered two more ships to Vietnam that will be refurbished into patrol boats. The ships, which arrived in the port city of Da Nang, are the second delivery of a 2014 deal in which Tokyo is to provide Vietnam with six used fishing vessels that will be converted into patrol boats for Vietnam's coast guard in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/11/3/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-vietnam-relations-japan-has-delivered-two-more-ships-to-vietnam-that-will-be-refurbish.md) _Context: Tokyo_
8. [The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe moves to enact legislation allowing the Japan Self-Defense Forces to serve overseas. Yesterday, fist-fights erupted in the parliament over this legislation. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-government-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-moves-to-enact-legislation-allowing-the-japan-self-defense-forces-to-serve-overseas-yesterday.md) _Context: military_
9. [Fist-fights erupt between legislators in the National Diet of Japan over a security bill that would allow Japan Self-Defense Forces to fight abroad. Japan had previously sent only a small amount of troops to Iraq. ](/news/2015/09/17/fist-fights-erupt-between-legislators-in-the-national-diet-of-japan-over-a-security-bill-that-would-allow-japan-self-defense-forces-to-fight.md) _Context: military_
10. [Japan's lower house of parliament passes a pair of bills changing the country's security laws, allowing Japanese soldiers to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II under certain conditions, over strong protests from opposition lawmakers, who walked out of the vote.](/news/2015/07/16/japan-s-lower-house-of-parliament-passes-a-pair-of-bills-changing-the-country-s-security-laws-allowing-japanese-soldiers-to-fight-overseas.md) _Context: military_
