### [2004-06-14](/news/2004/06/14/index.md)

#  Mohamed ElBaradei, Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency accuses Iran of "less than satisfactory" cooperation during the IAEA's investigation of its nuclear program. ElBaradei demands "accelerated and proactive cooperation" from Iran, while Iran rejects further restrictions on nuclear programs. 

Iran was accused of &#034;less than satisfactory&#034; cooperation with an investigation of its nuclear activities.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3803757.stm)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/06/14/international/middleeast/14CND-IRAN.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ The head of IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, says the agency cannot be sure "about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities" in Iran. ](/news/2007/11/22/the-head-of-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-the-agency-cannot-be-sure-about-the-absence-of-undeclared-nuclear-material-and-activities-in-ir.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Mohamed ElBaradei_
2. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), states there is no evidence to suggest Iran is developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2005/02/16/mohamed-elbaradei-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-states-there-is-no-evidence-to-suggest-iran-is-developing-nuclear.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Mohamed ElBaradei_
3. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
4. [ Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2004/11/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-just-three-days-after-an-agreement-with-the-european-union-took-effect-iran-prevents-the-international-atomic-ener.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
5. [ Iran's nuclear program: The International Atomic Energy Agency delays issuing its report on Iran's nuclear activities as Iran, France, Germany and Britain remain deadlocked in talks aimed at freezing Iran's uranium enrichment program. ](/news/2004/11/11/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-delays-issuing-its-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-activities-as-iran-france-germ.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
6. [ Iran says that it is willing to negotiate with the U.K., Germany, and France regarding a suspension of its uranium enrichment activities, but that it will never renounce its right to enrich uranium. Iran's nuclear program is currently under investigation by the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/10/18/iran-says-that-it-is-willing-to-negotiate-with-the-u-k-germany-and-france-regarding-a-suspension-of-its-uranium-enrichment-activities-b.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
7. [ Iran will reallow the entry of UN nuclear inspectors after March 27, says International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei. ](/news/2004/03/15/iran-will-reallow-the-entry-of-un-nuclear-inspectors-after-march-27-says-international-atomic-energy-agency-chief-mohamed-elbaradei.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Mohamed ElBaradei_
8. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
9. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
10. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
