### [2005-01-13](/news/2005/01/13/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack.  The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees  and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4173077.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4170773.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/527106.html)
4. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&u=/nm/20050113/wl_nm/mideast_attack_dc)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Popular Resistance Committees_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestini.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Popular Resistance Committees_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [  An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and-six-members-of-his-family.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
