### [2005-01-13](/news/2005/01/13/index.md)

#  Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4173077.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4170773.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/527106.html)
4. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&u=/nm/20050113/wl_nm/mideast_attack_dc)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian, Popular Resistance Committees_
2. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [ Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestinian-terrorists-on-the-kisufim-ro.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Gaza, Israel, Popular Resistance Committees_
8. [ Two Israelis, one a soldier in the Combat Engineering Corps, and one a civilian, are wounded by a Palestinian sniper in an attack on Philadelphi Route of the southern Gaza Strip, close to the Egyptian border. The Popular Resistance Committees claims responsibility. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/566451.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/18/two-israelis-one-a-soldier-in-the-combat-engineering-corps-and-one-a-civilian-are-wounded-by-a-palestinian-sniper-in-an-attack-on-philad.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian, Popular Resistance Committees_
9. [ Palestinian officials state that the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) asks Hamas fighters to join a decision making body to run the Gaza Strip if Israel pulls out. ](/news/2004/04/6/palestinian-officials-state-that-the-palestine-liberation-organization-plo-asks-hamas-fighters-to-join-a-decision-making-body-to-run-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [ Palestinians are killed and wounded in attack on the main crossing point between the Gaza Strip and Israel. Hamas, Islamic Jihad, and the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claim responsibility. ](/news/2004/03/6/palestinians-are-killed-and-wounded-in-attack-on-the-main-crossing-point-between-the-gaza-strip-and-israel-hamas-islamic-jihad-and-the-a.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
