### [2010-08-30](/news/2010/08/30/index.md)

# Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". 

An Israeli rabbi says the world would be better without Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas, prompting strong criticism from US officials.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11127409)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/blogs/a-special-place-in-hell/a-special-place-in-hell-celebrate-jewish-new-year-with-a-de-occupation-seder-1.311068)
3. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/Palestinians-should-perish-from-this-world-Ovadia-Yosef/articleshow/6456799.cms)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, U.S._
2. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, U.S._
3. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, U.S._
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, U.S._
5. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
6. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
7. [UNESCO suspends the voting rights of the United States and Israel after both countries refused to pay their dues as a protest to the membership of the State of Palestine. ](/news/2013/11/8/unesco-suspends-the-voting-rights-of-the-united-states-and-israel-after-both-countries-refused-to-pay-their-dues-as-a-protest-to-the-members.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, U.S._
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, U.S._
9. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
