### [2005-03-20](/news/2005/03/20/index.md)

#  Protesters in Kyrgyzstan march against electoral fraud in the 2005 Kyrgyz parliamentary elections, and appear to have taken control of the southern town of Jalal-Abad after mounting large-scale demonstrations to demand Askar Akayev to step down as President of Kyrgyzstan. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7953528)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/03/20/kyrgyzstan.riots.ap/)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4365945.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Tulip Revolution: After taking Jalal-Abad in southern Kyrgyzstan one day earlier, opposition protesters against electoral fraud in the 2005 parliamentary elections take over the northern city of Osh and seize government buildings. Prime minister states the government does not intend to use force. ](/news/2005/03/21/tulip-revolution-after-taking-jalal-abad-in-southern-kyrgyzstan-one-day-earlier-opposition-protesters-against-electoral-fraud-in-the-2005.md) _Context: 2005 parliamentary elections, Jalal-Abad, Kyrgyzstan, Protest, electoral fraud_
2. [ Tulip Revolution in Kyrgyzstan:  Kyrgyz opposition leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev is named interim President of Kyrgyzstan, while ousted  President Askar Akayev remains defiant. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L25245723.htm (Reuters)] Looters ransack the capital city of Bishkek following the protests.  ](/news/2005/03/25/tulip-revolution-in-kyrgyzstan-p-kyrgyz-opposition-leader-kurmanbek-bakiyev-is-named-interim-president-of-kyrgyzstan-while-ousted-presid.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, Kyrgyzstan, President, Protest_
3. [ In Kyrgyzstan, President Askar Akayev's spokesman claims that the protests are a coup attempt planned by "drug mafia". [http://newsfromrussia.com/world/2005/03/22/58751.html (Pravda)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/03/22/kyrgyzstan.ap/ (CNN)] (Link dead as of 03:13, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/03/22/in-kyrgyzstan-president-askar-akayev-s-spokesman-claims-that-the-protests-are-a-coup-attempt-planned-by-drug-mafia-http-newsfromruss.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, Kyrgyzstan, President, Protest_
4. [ Tulip Revolution: The Parliament of Kyrgyzstan finally approves the resignation of deposed President Askar Akayev. ](/news/2005/04/11/tulip-revolution-the-parliament-of-kyrgyzstan-finally-approves-the-resignation-of-deposed-president-askar-akayev.md) _Context: Askar Akayev, Kyrgyzstan, President_
5. [The President of Kyrgyzstan Almazbek Atambayev signs a presidential decree officially recognizing March 17, March 24, and April 7 as public holidays for Kyrgyzstan. The dates are meant to commemorate the days of Kyrgyzstan's massive anti-government revolts. On March 17, 2002, during anti-government protests in the Aksy District, police killed four protesters, while March 24 and April 7 commemorate the Tulip Revolution of 2006 and the Second Kyrgyz Revolution of 2010, respectively. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-president-of-kyrgyzstan-almazbek-atambayev-signs-a-presidential-decree-officially-recognizing-march-17-march-24-and-april-7-as-public.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President_
6. [The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Temir Sariyev announces he will resign from his post. This comes after several Parliament members accused Sariyev and his cabinet of corruption. The Kyrgyz presidential press service said President Almazbek Atambayev accepted his resignation. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-temir-sariyev-announces-he-will-resign-from-his-post-this-comes-after-several-parliament-members-accused-s.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President_
7. [Kyrgyzstan's interim leader Roza Otunbayeva is officially sworn in as President. ](/news/2010/07/3/kyrgyzstan-s-interim-leader-roza-otunbayeva-is-officially-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President_
8. [2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis:Roza Otunbayeva, Kyrgyzstan's interim president, asks Russia to send troops to quell ethnic violence in the southern city of Osh. ](/news/2010/06/12/2010-kyrgyzstan-crisis-proza-otunbayeva-kyrgyzstan-s-interim-president-asks-russia-to-send-troops-to-quell-ethnic-violence-in-the-southern.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President_
9. [As a result of popular protests in the north and capital of the country President Kurmanbek Bakiyev officially resigns after he leaves Kyrgyzstan for Kazakhstan. ](/news/2010/04/16/as-a-result-of-popular-protests-in-the-north-and-capital-of-the-country-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-officially-resigns-after-he-leaves-kyrgy.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President_
10. [Gunfire disrupts a rally in support of former President of Kyrgyzstan Kurmanbek Bakiyev in the southern city of Osh. ](/news/2010/04/15/gunfire-disrupts-a-rally-in-support-of-former-president-of-kyrgyzstan-kurmanbek-bakiyev-in-the-southern-city-of-osh.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, President_
