### [2012-08-6](/news/2012/08/6/index.md)

# 2012 Rakhine State riots: Renewed fighting between Buddhist Rakhine and Muslim Rohingya in western Burma kills three people. 




### Source:

1. [Dawn](http://dawn.com/2012/08/06/three-dead-in-fresh-myanmar-sectarian-unrest/)

### Related:

1. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Buddhists, Rakhine, Rohingya refugees_
2. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Buddhists, Muslim, Rohingya refugees_
3. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Buddhists, Muslim, Rohingya refugees_
4. [A Buddhist monk accused of inciting violence against Muslims in Burma says he is joining forces with the Bodu Bala Sena group in Sri Lanka in order to combat a "serious threat from jihadist groups". ](/news/2014/09/28/a-buddhist-monk-accused-of-inciting-violence-against-muslims-in-burma-says-he-is-joining-forces-with-the-bodu-bala-sena-group-in-sri-lanka-i.md) _Context: Buddhists, Burma, Muslim_
5. [Bangladesh detains five Rohingya Muslims who fled fighting between Buddhists and Muslims in Burma. ](/news/2012/11/11/bangladesh-detains-five-rohingya-muslims-who-fled-fighting-between-buddhists-and-muslims-in-burma.md) _Context: Burma, Rohingya refugees, fighting between Buddhists and Muslims_
6. [Humanitarian group Mdecins Sans Frontires accuses Bangladesh of a "crackdown" on Muslim Rohingya refugees from Burma. ](/news/2010/02/18/humanitarian-group-medecins-sans-frontieres-accuses-bangladesh-of-a-crackdown-on-muslim-rohingya-refugees-from-burma.md) _Context: Burma, Muslim, Rohingya refugees_
7. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Muslim, Rohingya refugees_
8. [Several people are injured in Sri Lanka's largest city Colombo when Buddhist monks lead hundreds of people to attack a Muslim owned clothing warehouse. ](/news/2013/03/29/several-people-are-injured-in-sri-lanka-s-largest-city-colombo-when-buddhist-monks-lead-hundreds-of-people-to-attack-a-muslim-owned-clothing.md) _Context: Buddhists, Muslim_
9. [The United Nations calls for action to end renewed hostilities between ethnic Buddhists and Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar's western Rakhine State that have killed dozens and displaced more than 22,500. ](/news/2012/10/28/the-united-nations-calls-for-action-to-end-renewed-hostilities-between-ethnic-buddhists-and-muslim-rohingya-in-myanmar-s-western-rakhine-sta.md) _Context: Rohingya refugees, fighting between Buddhists and Muslims_
10. [Latest round of sectarian clashes between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims kill at least 64 people in western Burma; 3,200 Rohingya have been displaced. ](/news/2012/10/26/latest-round-of-sectarian-clashes-between-buddhists-and-rohingya-muslims-kill-at-least-64-people-in-western-burma-3-200-rohingya-have-been.md) _Context: Burma, Rohingya refugees_
