### [2012-08-6](/news/2012/08/6/index.md)

# Britain's Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg announces that plans to reform the House of Lords will be abandoned after his party's coalition partners, the Conservatives, failed to support the proposals. The Lib Dems will also not support Conservative plans to reduce the number of MPs in the House of Commons. 

Plans to reform the House of Lords are being abandoned after Conservatives &quot;broke the coalition contract&quot;, Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-19149212)

### Related:

1. [A protester is arrested for throwing a paint bomb at British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg as he arrives at a Liberal Democrats party meeting in Glasgow. ](/news/2011/08/25/a-protester-is-arrested-for-throwing-a-paint-bomb-at-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-as-he-arrives-at-a-liberal-democrats-party-mee.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
2. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
3. [Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg describes the result of the referendum as a "bitter blow". ](/news/2011/05/7/deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-describes-the-result-of-the-referendum-as-a-bitter-blow.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
4. [British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg says his party will be more "muscular" and mark out their identity more clearly, following their poor results in recent council elections and the Scottish Parliament general election. ](/news/2011/05/11/british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-says-his-party-will-be-more-muscular-and-mark-out-their-identity-more-clearly-following-their-po.md) _Context: Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg_
5. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Leader of the Liberal Democrats_
6. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017: Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Leader of the Liberal Democrats_
7. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation-s poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was -bully politics- that would -disgust- the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: House of Lords_
8. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament-s upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliament-s-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: House of Lords_
9. [John Sewel, Baron Sewel steps down from his position as Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords following a drug scandal. ](/news/2015/07/26/john-sewel-baron-sewel-steps-down-from-his-position-as-chairman-of-committees-in-the-house-of-lords-following-a-drug-scandal.md) _Context: House of Lords_
10. [The British Parliament's House of Lords gives final approval to a bill that earlier in February had been approved in the House of Commons, refusing to block the plan by a majority of 232, that would allow, through a modified form of in vitro fertilization (IVF), the creation of three-person babies, to treat certain mitochondrial disorders (mitochondria are parts of cells that convert nutrients into useful cellular energy to fuel vital processes), by using a very small segment of mitochondrial DNA from another woman to replace the mother's defective DNA; the U.K. is the first to authorize the still ethically controversial procedure. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-british-parliament-s-house-of-lords-gives-final-approval-to-a-bill-that-earlier-in-february-had-been-approved-in-the-house-of-commons-r.md) _Context: House of Lords_
