### [2012-08-6](/news/2012/08/6/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: Alleged members of Los Zetas, a drug cartel originally set up by former soldiers of the Mexican Army, attack several media outlets in Monterrey for publishing on a rumored split between the two principal Zetas bosses. 




### Source:

1. [InSight Crime](http://www.insightcrime.org/insight-latest-news/item/2994-amid-rumors-of-zetas-split-press-targeted-in-monterrey)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: 49 dismembered bodies are discovered by Mexican authorities on Mexican Federal Highway 40. The decapitated and mutilated bodies were dumped on a roadside near the northern city of Monterrey, presumably by members of the powerful Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2012/05/13/mexican-drug-war-49-dismembered-bodies-are-discovered-by-mexican-authorities-on-mexican-federal-highway-40-the-decapitated-and-mutilated-b.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Monterrey_
2. [Mexican Drug War:: Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa. ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-galindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kill.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican Drug War:: Shootings erupt over the weekend in three Mexican cities (Cuernavaca, Fresnillo, Monterrey) where drug gangs are fighting turf battles, killing at least nine people and wounding six more. ](/news/2013/09/29/mexican-drug-war-shootings-erupt-over-the-weekend-in-three-mexican-cities-cuernavaca-fresnillo-monterrey-where-drug-gangs-are-fighting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Monterrey_
4. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Army captures Miguel Trevio Morales, the supreme leader of Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2013/07/15/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-captures-miguel-trevino-morales-the-supreme-leader-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy confirms that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the criminal organization Los Zetas, was killed in a shootout yesterday. The body is stolen by armed gunmen. ](/news/2012/10/9/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-confirms-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-criminal-organization-los-zetas-was-kille.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War: Initial reports from the Mexican Navy indicate that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the most dangerous Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas, may have been killed in a shootout. The forensic tests are currently on their way to confirm his identity. ](/news/2012/10/8/mexican-drug-war-initial-reports-from-the-mexican-navy-indicate-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-most-dangerous-mexica.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Army arrests another member of Los Zetas drug cartel responsible for decapitating 49 bodies and dumping them on a roadside in May 2012; the suspect is one of the 37 fugitives of the Apodaca prison riot earlier this year. ](/news/2012/08/3/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-arrests-another-member-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel-responsible-for-decapitating-49-bodies-and-dumping-them-o.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War:: Alleged members of the Gulf Cartel storm a bar in Monterrey and kill 10 people. ](/news/2012/08/14/mexican-drug-war-alleged-members-of-the-gulf-cartel-storm-a-bar-in-monterrey-and-kill-10-people.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Monterrey_
9. [Mexican Drug War: The dismembered remains of 7 bodies are found in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. The bodies are discovered along with a written message accusing the authorities of cooperating with the Sinaloa Cartel, suggesting that the message may have been written by Los Zetas. ](/news/2012/06/5/mexican-drug-war-the-dismembered-remains-of-7-bodies-are-found-in-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa-the-bodies-are-discovered-along-with-a-writ.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/06/29/mexican-drug-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-city-hall-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-7-bystanders-this-is-the-t.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
