### [2004-12-15](/news/2004/12/15/index.md)

#  A US$85 million test of the U.S. National Missile Defense system by the Missile Defense Agency is aborted when an unknown anomaly is detected before the launch of an interceptor missile in the Marshall Islands, 16 minutes after the launch of the target from Kodiak Island, Alaska. It is the first test since a previous failed test in 2002. As in 2002, the Bush administration abandons plans to activate the system by the end of the year, and projects its activation in early 2005. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/1103330273726_9/?hub=World)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=638827)

### Related:

1. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the United States Congress to approve a $US700 million food aid package to help relieve the 2007-2008 world food price crisis. ](/news/2008/05/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-calls-on-the-united-states-congress-to-approve-a-us700-million-food-aid-package-to-help.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
2. [ The United States Congress approves a $168 billion economic stimulus package and sends it to President George W. Bush for his approval. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-congress-approves-a-168-billion-economic-stimulus-package-and-sends-it-to-president-george-w-bush-for-his-approval.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush introduces a Federal budget of $3.1 trillion and a near-record deficit just ahead -- $410 billion. ](/news/2008/02/4/u-s-president-george-w-bush-introduces-a-federal-budget-of-3-1-trillion-and-a-near-record-deficit-just-ahead-a-410-billion.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
4. [ President of the United States George W. Bush offers a $700 million aid package to Tanzania. ](/news/2008/02/17/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-offers-a-700-million-aid-package-to-tanzania.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
5. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
6. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush has submitted a $2.9 trillion budget to Congress including almost $700 billion in new military spending. ](/news/2007/02/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-has-submitted-a-2-9-trillion-budget-to-congress-including-almost-700-billion-in-new-military-spending.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
8. [ Tom Noe, a rare-coin dealer and fundraiser for the United States Republican Party, is sentenced to two years jail for illegally channelling US$45,000 into President George W. Bush's re-election campaign. ](/news/2006/09/12/tom-noe-a-rare-coin-dealer-and-fundraiser-for-the-united-states-republican-party-is-sentenced-to-two-years-jail-for-illegally-channelling.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
9. [ Director of the United States Missile Defense Agency, Air Force Lt. Gen. Henry A. Obering III, stated that he is "very confident" any North Korean missile headed towards the United States would be destroyed mid-flight by interceptor missiles if approved by the President. ](/news/2006/06/23/director-of-the-united-states-missile-defense-agency-air-force-lt-gen-henry-a-obering-iii-stated-that-he-is-very-confident-any-north.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Missile Defense Agency_
10. [ U.S. President George W. Bush arrives at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Santiago de Chile for talks with China and other nations. The summit's agenda includes nuclear proliferation and new free trade agreements, particularly on agriculture. Bush hopes to revive six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear program and promote the "War on Terrorism". The Chinese delegation ask Bush to take "all measures necessary" to halt the slide in value of the U.S. dollar. About 40,000 people protest against the summit, Bush, the war in Iraq, and globalization; they are blocked by Chilean police with tear gas and water cannon. ](/news/2004/11/19/u-s-president-george-w-bush-arrives-at-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-summit-in-santiago-de-chile-for-talks-with-china-and-other-n.md) _Context: George W. Bush, US$_
