### [2004-12-15](/news/2004/12/15/index.md)

#  U.K. Home Secretary David Blunkett resigns from his post in the wake of numerous controversies. He is replaced by Charles Clarke, the Secretary of State for Education and Skills. Ruth Kelly takes over from Clarke as Education Secretary and becomes the sixth woman in prime minister Tony Blair's Cabinet. Kelly is replaced as Cabinet Office minister by David Miliband. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4099581.stm)
2. [Sky](http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1164132,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: David Miliband, Home Secretary, Ruth Kelly_
2. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Charles Clarke, Tony Blair_
3. [David Blunkett, United Kingdom Home Secretary, insists that he did no wrong in the controversy surrounding the alleged misuse of his position, and receives the backing of Prime Minister Tony Blair. Sir Alan Budd is appointed to carry out an independent enquiry. ](/news/2004/12/1/david-blunkett-united-kingdom-home-secretary-insists-that-he-did-no-wrong-in-the-controversy-surrounding-the-alleged-misuse-of-his-positio.md) _Context: David Blunkett, Tony Blair_
4. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
5. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair agrees to become Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's economic adviser as part of a program funded by the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2014/07/2/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-agrees-to-become-egyptian-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-s-economic-adviser-as-part-of-a-program-fu.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
6. [Voting also gets underway in the South Shields by-election to fill the parliamentary seat vacated by former Foreign Secretary David Miliband. ](/news/2013/05/2/voting-also-gets-underway-in-the-south-shields-by-election-to-fill-the-parliamentary-seat-vacated-by-former-foreign-secretary-david-miliband.md) _Context: David Miliband_
7. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: David Miliband_
8. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
9. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-mur.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
10. [Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-express-deal-between-blair.md) _Context: Tony Blair_
