### [2009-01-30](/news/2009/01/30/index.md)

#  The U.S. State Department will not renew security contractor Blackwater Worldwide's license when it expires in May 2009. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/meast/01/30/us.blackwater.contract/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

### Related:

1. [US Defense Secretary Robert Gates reviews allegations of misconduct in Afghanistan by the private military company formerly known as Blackwater, Xe Services LLC. ](/news/2010/03/6/us-defense-secretary-robert-gates-reviews-allegations-of-misconduct-in-afghanistan-by-the-private-military-company-formerly-known-as-blackwa.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States, civilian contractor_
2. [ A U.S. State Department panel recommends that Blackwater Worldwide should be dropped as the main private security contractor for American diplomats in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/17/a-u-s-state-department-panel-recommends-that-blackwater-worldwide-should-be-dropped-as-the-main-private-security-contractor-for-american-d.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States State Department, civilian contractor_
3. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippine Drug War. United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: United States, United States State Department_
4. [Japan-United States relations. Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: United States, civilian contractor_
5. [Keystone XL Pipeline. The United States State Department formally denies Calgary-based TransCanada Corporation's request, made Monday, to pause the review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. "Reuters" states this is expected to lead to the project's rejection by the Obama administration. ](/news/2015/11/4/keystone-xl-pipeline-the-united-states-state-department-formally-denies-calgary-based-transcanada-corporation-s-request-made-monday-to-pa.md) _Context: United States, United States State Department_
6. [2013 embassy closures:. The United States Department of State evacuates staff from the United States Embassy in Yemen due to an al-Qaida threat. ](/news/2013/08/6/2013-embassy-closures-the-united-states-department-of-state-evacuates-staff-from-the-united-states-embassy-in-yemen-due-to-an-al-qaida-thr.md) _Context: United States, United States State Department_
7. [Two ex-Blackwater consultants are found guilty in the United States of the involuntary manslaughter of a civilian in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/03/11/two-ex-blackwater-consultants-are-found-guilty-in-the-united-states-of-the-involuntary-manslaughter-of-a-civilian-in-the-afghan-capital-kabu.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States_
8. [The United Kingdom announces its refusal to issue visas to a lacrosse team representing the Iroquois Confederacy, whose departure has been delayed since Friday, after the United States Department of State earlier in the day cleared the team's departure with tribal passports. The UK stated that it will only recognise passports from the United States or Canada. ](/news/2010/07/14/the-united-kingdom-announces-its-refusal-to-issue-visas-to-a-lacrosse-team-representing-the-iroquois-confederacy-whose-departure-has-been-d.md) _Context: United States, United States State Department_
9. [ Seven American CIA agents are killed by a suicide bomb attack in a US military base in Khost Province, Afghanistan. Two of the seven killed are contractors for Blackwater Worldwide. The CIA considers contractors to be officers. ](/news/2009/12/30/seven-american-cia-agents-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-a-us-military-base-in-khost-province-afghanistan-two-of-the-seven-killed.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States_
10. [ The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency has cancelled the contract of its private security firm with Xe Services LLC, previously known as Blackwater, for its services related to Drone operations in Afghanistan and Pakistan. ](/news/2009/12/12/the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-has-cancelled-the-contract-of-its-private-security-firm-with-xe-services-llc-previously-known-as-blac.md) _Context: Blackwater Worldwide, United States_
