### [2009-01-30](/news/2009/01/30/index.md)

#  United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announces an investigation into Israel's attack on the U.N.'s Gaza Strip headquarters. 

Pressure mounts on Israel to answer accusations of war crimes in Gaza Strip.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2009/01/2009129232237121901.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Secretary General, United Nations_
2. [Middle East:Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-psecretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pales.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza Strip, Israel, Secretary General, United Nations_
3. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
4. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General, United Nations_
5. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
6. [Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-war-crimes-in-an-offensive.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
7. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
8. [Syrian civil war:The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there is no prospect of an end to the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2012/12/20/syrian-civil-war-pthe-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-there-is-no-prospect-of-an-end-to-the-conflict-in-syria.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations_
9. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General_
10. [Two Palestinian prisoners held in Israel enter the 71st day of their hunger strikes. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expressed his concern about the condition of the hunger strikers. ](/news/2012/05/9/two-palestinian-prisoners-held-in-israel-enter-the-71st-day-of-their-hunger-strikes-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expressed.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
