### [2005-02-1](/news/2005/02/1/index.md)

#  At least three people are known to have died following a bomb blast in Gori, northern Georgia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4225901.stm)

### Related:

1. [A statue of Joseph Stalin is discreetly removed overnight from the central square of his hometown of Gori in Georgia. ](/news/2010/06/25/a-statue-of-joseph-stalin-is-discreetly-removed-overnight-from-the-central-square-of-his-hometown-of-gori-in-georgia.md) _Context: Georgian, Gori_
2. [ Russian troops continue to withdraw from the Georgian city of Gori, where the major Georgian army base was dismantled by Russian troops soon after the conflict ended. Two Russian APCs still remain at a checkpoint near the city, Reuters reports. ](/news/2008/08/17/russian-troops-continue-to-withdraw-from-the-georgian-city-of-gori-where-the-major-georgian-army-base-was-dismantled-by-russian-troops-soo.md) _Context: Georgian, Gori_
3. [ Russia says it will support whatever decision the people of breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia will make during referendum on the future of their land [http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/08/14/europe/15georgia.php ("International Herald Tribune")] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/15/world/europe/15georgia.html ("The New York Times")] Analysts 'see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia, which is seeking EU and NATO membership, to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep.' [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)] An Amnesty International worldwide movement for human rights reported on August, 14, that the assault of the Georgian Army on Tskhinvali included '14 hours of bombardment' of the city. Amnesty International is still gathering information on the reported heavy civilian casualties, as well as reported bombings of non-military targets leading to deaths of civilians and the destruction of civilian buildings. [http://www.amnesty.org/en/news-and-updates/news/civilians-vulnerable-after-hostilities-georgia-20080814 (Amnesty International)] Russia appeared 'to be handing over a key Georgian city Thursday', U.S. officials said. Senior U.S. General James Cartwright claims that 'Russian forces seemed to be complying with an internationally-mediated cease-fire'. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)] Georgia's Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze claimed that more than 100 Russian vehicles, some of them armoured, had gathered outside the major western Georgian town of Zugdidi. However, Robert Gates, the US Secretary of Defense, said that the Russian army is 'withdrawing their forces back towards Abkhazia and towards South Ossetia' [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7561586.stm US warns Russia of lasting impact (BBC News)] Russian forces say they will start to return control of the key town of Gori to Georgia soon. 'For another two days Russian troops will stay in the region to ... hand over control functions to Georgian law-enforcement bodies, after which they will leave," Major-General Vyacheslav Borisov as quoted by Russian news agencies. [http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-Georgia/idUSLE73186420080814 (Reuters)] Georgian police return to the town of Gori as the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation leave. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/ (CNN)] AV and MT went to watch Kung fu Panday BBS](/news/2008/08/14/russia-says-it-will-support-whatever-decision-the-people-of-breakaway-republics-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-will-make-during-referendum-o.md) _Context: Georgian, Gori_
4. [ A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three-civilians-and-wounding-13-others-i.md) _Context: Georgian_
5. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Georgian_
6. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Georgian_
7. [The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: Georgian_
8. [The European Union grants visa-free travel for Georgia and Ukraine. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-european-union-grants-visa-free-travel-for-georgia-and-ukraine.md) _Context: Georgian_
9. [Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili resigns as governor of the Ukrainian region of Odessa, citing corruption in Odessa as the main reason. ](/news/2016/11/7/former-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili-resigns-as-governor-of-the-ukrainian-region-of-odessa-citing-corruption-in-odessa-as-the-main.md) _Context: Georgian_
10. [Voters in Georgia go to the polls for a legislative election. ](/news/2016/10/8/voters-in-georgia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election.md) _Context: Georgian_
