### [2005-02-1](/news/2005/02/1/index.md)

#  The Attorney General of Israel, Meni Mazuz, tells the government to call an immediate halt to confiscating Palestinian property in East Jerusalem under a 1950 land law. The legislation entitles Israel to take Arab-owned land, and Mr Mazuz described it as illegal. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/69CBFD8D-E028-4E01-9919-FB74C1E97660.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4226497.stm)

### Related:

1. [Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-new-settlement-homes-i.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
2. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
3. [Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palestinian-neighborhood-of-east-jeru.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
4. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-s.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite-w.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
7. [Final approval is given for the building of 1,600 Israeli settler homes in ''disputed'' East Jerusalem by Israeli Interior Minister Eli Yishai despite a diplomatic rebuke Tuesday from the United States over earlier construction plans. ](/news/2011/08/11/final-approval-is-given-for-the-building-of-1-600-israeli-settler-homes-in-disputed-east-jerusalem-by-israeli-interior-minister-eli-yish.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
8. [Israel approves plans for two new buildings to be built in East Jerusalem, Palestine with the Palestinians currently living there to be evicted.](/news/2011/02/7/israel-approves-plans-for-two-new-buildings-to-be-built-in-east-jerusalem-palestine-with-the-palestinians-currently-living-there-to-be-evic.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
9. [Israeli demolition of the historic Shepherd Hotel:Israeli bulldozers begin demolishing a 1930s East Jerusalem hotel to build 20 new settler homes, "destroying all the US efforts and ending any possibility of a return to negotiations" according to a spokesperson for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.  ](/news/2011/01/9/israeli-demolition-of-the-historic-shepherd-hotel-pisraeli-bulldozers-begin-demolishing-a-1930s-east-jerusalem-hotel-to-build-20-new-settler.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon criticises Israel's refusal to cease illegal settlement building on Palestinian land, telling a UN General Assembly gathering that he is "very concerned at the lack of progress towards peace" and that the recent demolition of East Jerusalem's historic Shepherd Hotel and evictions of Palestinian families had "heightened tensions." He later meets survivors of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. ](/news/2011/01/21/israeliapalestinian-conflict-punited-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-criticises-israel-s-refusal-to-cease-illegal-settlement-buildin.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
