### [2005-02-1](/news/2005/02/1/index.md)

#  The Palestinian Authority arrests a Palestinian man who had been shooting in the air, on suspicion that he had killed a Palestinian girl the day before. The original shooting sparked Palestinian accusations that the girl had been shot by Israeli soldiers, and Hamas fired mortars at Israeli settlements in response. 




### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1107228084937&p=1078027574097)
2. [Reuters](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=564&ncid=564&e=1&u=/nm/20050131/ts_nm/mideast_dc_242)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
3. [A Palestinian cell affiliated with Hamas and named after the perpetrators of the 2014 kidnapping and murder of Israeli teenagers claims responsibility for an ambush style attack in which one Israeli was killed and another seriously injured. ](/news/2015/06/19/a-palestinian-cell-affiliated-with-hamas-and-named-after-the-perpetrators-of-the-2014-kidnapping-and-murder-of-israeli-teenagers-claims-resp.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
5. [Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. ](/news/2013/04/2/palestinian-prisoners-stage-protests-in-israeli-jails-as-the-palestinian-authority-accuses-israel-of-deliberately-delaying-the-treatment-of.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
6. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
7. [A court in Romania, at the request of the Romanian Intelligence Service, expels 8 Palestinians suspected of being involved with Hamas and Hezbollah. ](/news/2012/08/24/a-court-in-romania-at-the-request-of-the-romanian-intelligence-service-expels-8-palestinians-suspected-of-being-involved-with-hamas-and-he.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as -unacceptable interference-. ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
9. [Israeli troops round up five men and kill a 67-year-old Palestinian man during an operation into the West Bank, aiming at arresting members of Hamas. ](/news/2011/01/7/israeli-troops-round-up-five-men-and-kill-a-67-year-old-palestinian-man-during-an-operation-into-the-west-bank-aiming-at-arresting-members.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
10. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas- violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamas-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
