### [2013-03-31](/news/2013/03/31/index.md)

# President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. 

Afghan president and Qatari emir discussed opening of office for Taliban in Doha which could help broker an end to war.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia/2013/03/201333085839412631.html)

### Related:

1. [Afghanistan:Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirms holding unofficial talks with Taliban "for quite some time" in order to end the nine-year war. ](/news/2010/10/11/afghanistan-pafghan-president-hamid-karzai-confirms-holding-unofficial-talks-with-taliban-for-quite-some-time-in-order-to-end-the-nine-yea.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001–present)_
2. [ Afghan President Hamid Karzai demands that the United States halt airstrikes in the war against the Taliban. ](/news/2009/05/8/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-demands-that-the-united-states-halt-airstrikes-in-the-war-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001–present)_
3. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pafghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nato.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001–present)_
5. [The Arab League summit begins in Qatar, Doha, with the Syria conflict and possible talks between the Afghanistan government and the Taliban among the key issues. ](/news/2013/03/26/the-arab-league-summit-begins-in-qatar-doha-with-the-syria-conflict-and-possible-talks-between-the-afghanistan-government-and-the-taliban.md) _Context: Afghan, Doha, Qatar, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001–present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan:President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comman.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001–present)_
8. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, warns General David Petraeus the head of United States and NATO forces in Afghanistan that civilian casualties in the Afghanistan war and rejects an apology for the mistaken killings of nine boys in a NATO air attack. ](/news/2011/03/6/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-warns-general-david-petraeus-the-head-of-united-states-and-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-that-civil.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001–present)_
9. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai threatens to join the Taliban if the Afghani Parliament refuses to approve his proposal to take control of the electoral apparatus from the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/4/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-threatens-to-join-the-taliban-if-the-afghani-parliament-refuses-to-approve-his-proposal-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
10. [ Afghan President Hamid Karzai calls on the Taliban to take part and vote in the August presidential election. ](/news/2009/06/27/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-calls-on-the-taliban-to-take-part-and-vote-in-the-august-presidential-election.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
