### [2013-03-31](/news/2013/03/31/index.md)

# Three people are killed and more than 25 people are injured in a 100-vehicle pileup near the Virginia-North Carolina border. 

GALAX, Va. (AP) — Virginia State Police say three people have been killed and more than 20 are injured following a 95-vehicle pileup on Interstate 77 near the Virginia-North Carolina border.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/03/31/75-vehicle-pileup/2040277/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: North Carolina, Virginia_
2. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: North Carolina, Virginia_
3. [Heavy rain from former Tropical Storm Nicole causes flooding the US states of North Carolina and Virginia and delays in airline flights on the east coast. ](/news/2010/09/30/heavy-rain-from-former-tropical-storm-nicole-causes-flooding-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-and-delays-in-airline-flights-on-t.md) _Context: North Carolina, Virginia_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: North Carolina_
5. [The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-known-as-the-transgender-bathro.md) _Context: North Carolina_
6. [Recounts begin in North Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/1/recounts-begin-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina_
7. [The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by  Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory-to-accept-his-defeat-by-democratic-nominee-r.md) _Context: North Carolina_
8. [A 56-vehicle pile-up on the G5 Beijing-Kunming Expressway in China's northern Shanxi province, leaves at least 17 people dead and 37 others injured. ](/news/2016/11/22/a-56-vehicle-pile-up-on-the-g5-beijingakunming-expressway-in-china-s-northern-shanxi-province-leaves-at-least-17-people-dead-and-37-other.md) _Context: pile-up_
9. [Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-businesses-in-the-southeastern-uni.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [NASA's Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: Virginia_
