### [2008-04-23](/news/2008/04/23/index.md)

#  Former President of the United States Jimmy Carter reiterates that no person from the United States Department of State ever asked him not to meet with representatives from Hamas or Syria.  




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSN23419139)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that former President of the United States Jimmy Carter was advised not to hold talks with Hamas. ](/news/2008/04/22/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-that-former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-was-advised-not-to-hold.md) _Context: Hamas, Jimmy Carter, President_
2. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: State Department, Syria_
3. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: State Department, Syria_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the U.S. will send an additional 250 troops to fight ISIL in Syria. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-u-s-will-send-an-additional-250-troops-to-fight-isil-in-syria.md) _Context: President, Syria_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-the-country-s-probl.md) _Context: President, Syria_
6. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: President, Syria_
7. [A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike  near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts.  Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-commander-omar-al-shis.md) _Context: State Department, Syria_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama announces that the State Department has rejected TransCanada's application to complete the Keystone XL pipeline. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-that-the-state-department-has-rejected-transcanada-s-application-to-complete-the-keystone-xl-pipeline.md) _Context: President, State Department_
9. [TransCanada Corp asks the United States Department of State to suspend its review of the Keystone XL pipeline while it negotiates with the US state of Nebraska about the route. If granted, the delay (according to Reuters) would almost certainly mean the decision on the project will be made by a future president. ](/news/2015/11/2/transcanada-corp-asks-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-suspend-its-review-of-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-while-it-negotiates-with-the-u.md) _Context: President, State Department_
10. [United States President Barack Obama, in Antalya, Turkey, says America will continue to accept refugees from Syria and elsewhere, though, "Only after subjecting them to rigorous screening and security checks." Responding to calls to admit Christians but not Muslims into the country, he said, "We don't have religious tests to our compassion." ](/news/2015/11/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-in-antalya-turkey-says-america-will-continue-to-accept-refugees-from-syria-and-elsewhere-though-o.md) _Context: President, Syria_
