### [2011-10-21](/news/2011/10/21/index.md)

# Jay Weatherill is sworn in as the new Premier of South Australia after being officially elected as the leader of the state Australian Labor Party. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/state-politics/incoming-south-australian-premier-jay-weatherill-has-told-caucus-he-is-excited-about-the-job/story-e6frgczx-1226172689539)

### Related:

1. [Mike Rann, the Premier of the Australian state of South Australia, announces that he will be resigning on October 20 to be replaced by Education Minister Jay Weatherill. ](/news/2011/08/8/mike-rann-the-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-south-australia-announces-that-he-will-be-resigning-on-october-20-to-be-replaced-by-educa.md) _Context: Jay Weatherill, Premier of South Australia_
2. [Western Australian state election, 2017. After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/western-australian-state-election-2017-after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-electio.md) _Context: Labor Party_
3. [ Northern Territory general election, 2016. The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/northern-territory-general-election-2016-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide.md) _Context: Labor Party_
4. [Australian federal election, 2016. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Labor Party_
5. [Australian federal election, 2016. Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Labor Party_
6. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Labor Party_
7. [Queensland state election, 2015. The Liberal National Party of Queensland loses its parliamentary majority, with outgoing Premier Campbell Newman losing his own seat of Ashgrove. It is unclear whether the Australian Labor Party, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, has won an outright majority or if the result is a hung parliament.](/news/2015/01/31/queensland-state-election-2015-the-liberal-national-party-of-queensland-loses-its-parliamentary-majority-with-outgoing-premier-campbell-n.md) _Context: Labor Party_
8. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Labor Party_
9. [Bill Shorten is elected as the head of the federal Australian Labor Party, defeating Anthony Albanese in a leadership ballot. ](/news/2013/10/13/bill-shorten-is-elected-as-the-head-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-defeating-anthony-albanese-in-a-leadership-ballot.md) _Context: Labor Party_
10. [Bill Shorten and Anthony Albanese will contest a month-long ballot process to determine who will be the Leader of the Australian Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition. ](/news/2013/09/13/bill-shorten-and-anthony-albanese-will-contest-a-month-long-ballot-process-to-determine-who-will-be-the-leader-of-the-australian-labor-party.md) _Context: Labor Party_
