### [2011-10-21](/news/2011/10/21/index.md)

# The Government of Japan announces a $157 billion additional budget to cover the costs of recovering from March's earthquake and tsunami. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/feedarticle/9906380)

### Related:

1. [The Government of Japan publishes a reconstruction plan for areas devastated by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. ](/news/2011/07/21/the-government-of-japan-publishes-a-reconstruction-plan-for-areas-devastated-by-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami.md) _Context: Japanese government, an earthquake and tsunami_
2. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster: According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-dai.md) _Context: an earthquake and tsunami_
3. [Japan-s emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japan-s-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: an earthquake and tsunami_
4. [Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor-s authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. ](/news/2015/12/2/hearings-begin-in-the-legal-battle-between-the-japanese-government-and-local-officials-in-okinawa-over-plans-to-move-a-u-s-military-air-bas.md) _Context: Japanese government_
5. [Whaling in Japan: Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Japanese government_
6. [Japan-Philippines relations: Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/japan-philippines-relations-reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree.md) _Context: Japanese government_
7. [ The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-government-of-japan-invalidates-a-decision-by-takeshi-onaga-governor-of-okinawa-to-halt-the-expansion-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-the.md) _Context: Japanese government_
8. [The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe moves to enact legislation allowing the Japan Self-Defense Forces to serve overseas. Yesterday, fist-fights erupted in the parliament over this legislation. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-government-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-moves-to-enact-legislation-allowing-the-japan-self-defense-forces-to-serve-overseas-yesterday.md) _Context: Japanese government_
9. [Japan allocates 820 billion yen ($6.8 billion) for creating a nearly 400-kilometer (250-mile) chain of cement seawalls, at places nearly five stories high, against future tsunami disasters such as the one that struck the country's northeastern coast four years ago. ](/news/2015/03/22/japan-allocates-820-billion-yen-6-8-billion-for-creating-a-nearly-400-kilometer-250-mile-chain-of-cement-seawalls-at-places-nearly-fiv.md) _Context: an earthquake and tsunami_
10. [Senkaku Islands dispute:: The Government of Japan summons the ambassador from the People's Republic of China after a flotilla of Chinese ships sail near the dispute Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/04/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-the-government-of-japan-summons-the-ambassador-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-after-a-flotilla-of-chinese-shi.md) _Context: Japanese government_
