### [2003-08-22](/news/2003/08/22/index.md)

#  Natural disaster: Wildfire forces around 10,000 people from their homes in Kelowna, British Columbia. This is Western Canada's worst fire season in decades.




### Related:

1. [ Natural disaster: Wildfires sweep into the southern suburbs of Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, destroying more than 200 homes. One-third of the city's population, or 30,000 people, have been evacuated.](/news/2003/08/23/natural-disaster-wildfires-sweep-into-the-southern-suburbs-of-kelowna-british-columbia-canada-destroying-more-than-200-homes-one-third.md) _Context: Kelowna, Wildfire, natural disaster_
2. [ Some of the severe wildfires in British Columbia have been contained, including the one threatening Kelowna. The one near Kamloops is still threatening structures. This has been the worst wildfire season in BC in fifty years.](/news/2003/09/14/some-of-the-severe-wildfires-in-british-columbia-have-been-contained-including-the-one-threatening-kelowna-the-one-near-kamloops-is-still.md) _Context: Kelowna, Wildfire_
3. [Wildfires prompt the evacuation of 12,000 people along the French Riviera, while more than 4,000 firefighters and French Armed Forces personnel backed by 19 water-bomber planes are mobilised to extinguish the flames. ](/news/2017/07/26/wildfires-prompt-the-evacuation-of-12-000-people-along-the-french-riviera-while-more-than-4-000-firefighters-and-french-armed-forces-person.md) _Context: Wildfire_
4. [Firefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/firefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: Wildfire_
5. [At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/at-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-dolly-parton-s-dollywood-resort.md) _Context: Wildfire_
6. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: Wildfire_
7. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-000.md) _Context: Wildfire_
8. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: Wildfire_
9. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: Wildfire_
10. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: Wildfire_
