
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/08/22/separation-of-church-and-state-alabama-s-chief-justice-roy-moore-is-suspended-by-a-judicial-ethics-panel-over-his-refusal-to-remove-a-monu.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/08/22/separation-of-church-and-state-alabama-s-chief-justice-roy-moore-is-suspended-by-a-judicial-ethics-panel-over-his-refusal-to-remove-a-monu.json)  [XML](/news/2003/08/22/separation-of-church-and-state-alabama-s-chief-justice-roy-moore-is-suspended-by-a-judicial-ethics-panel-over-his-refusal-to-remove-a-monu.xml)  

### [2003-08-22](/news/2003/08/22/index.md)

##### Separation of church and state
#  Separation of church and state: Alabama's Chief Justice Roy Moore is suspended by a Judicial Ethics Panel over his refusal to remove a monument listing the Ten Commandments which he had installed in the state Supreme Court building. Moore had been ordered to remove the controversial monument by U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson, who in a judgment in 2002 said the monument "violates the constitution's ban on government promotion of a religious doctrine". Thompson's judgment was upheld by eight Associate Justices. Their ruling was criticised by Moore and the Christian Defense Coalition, who have threatened to block the court building to prevent the monument's removal.




### Related:

1. [ Separation of church and state: The controversial "Ten Commandments" monument in Alabama's Supreme Court building is removed from public view, following a court order stating that the monument's location in the court building breaches the separation of church and state. The monument, nicknamed "Roy's Holy Rock", was installed two years ago by the conservative Christian Chief Justice Roy Moore. Only one in five (20%) Americans approve of the federal court order under which workers removed the "Ten Commandments" monument from the rotunda of Alabama's state judicial building Wednesday, according to a new poll.](/news/2003/08/27/separation-of-church-and-state-the-controversial-ten-commandments-monument-in-alabama-s-supreme-court-building-is-removed-from-public-vi.md) _Context: Alabama, Roy Moore, Separation of church and state, Ten Commandments_
2. [Voters in Alabama go to the polls to fill the United States Senate seat vacated by current United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The race is between Roy Moore (R) and Doug Jones (D). ](/news/2017/12/12/voters-in-alabama-go-to-the-polls-to-fill-the-united-states-senate-seat-vacated-by-current-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-the.md) _Context: Alabama, Roy Moore_
3. [ Chief Justice of Alabama Roy Moore is removed from office by the Alabama Court of Judiciary for failure to remove Ten Commandments monument from court house pursuant to order by U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson.](/news/2003/11/13/chief-justice-of-alabama-roy-moore-is-removed-from-office-by-the-alabama-court-of-judiciary-for-failure-to-remove-ten-commandments-monument.md) _Context: Alabama, Ten Commandments_
4. [Two new Democratic senators&mdash;Doug Jones of Alabama and Tina Smith of Minnesota&mdash;are sworn in, bringing the Republican majority down to 51&ndash;49. ](/news/2018/01/3/two-new-democratic-senators-mdash-doug-jones-of-alabama-and-tina-smith-of-minnesota-mdash-are-sworn-in-bringing-the-republican-majority-dow.md) _Context: Alabama_
5. [Debbie Wesson Gibson, one of the women accusing Roy Moore of sexual misconduct, shares evidence of their relationship when she was 17 to the press. ](/news/2017/12/4/debbie-wesson-gibson-one-of-the-women-accusing-roy-moore-of-sexual-misconduct-shares-evidence-of-their-relationship-when-she-was-17-to-the.md) _Context: Roy Moore_
