### [2009-11-11](/news/2009/11/11/index.md)

#  Two bloggers from Azerbaijan, Emin Milli and Adnan Hajizade, are sentenced by a court for "hooliganism" in a restaurant scuffle linked to the posting of a satirical video dressed as a donkey on YouTube that mocked government restrictions on civil liberties. 

Taiwan News Online Taiwan News is one of the most widely visited English-language portals for news about Taiwan, offering the outside world a revealing look at all things Taiwan


### Source:

1. [Trend News Agency](http://en.trend.az/news/society/rights/1577965.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8355433.stm)
3. [Taiwan News](http://www.etaiwannews.com/etn/news_content.php?id=1105761&lang=eng_news)

### Related:

1. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
2. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
3. [Azerbaijani First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva, who is widely considered to be in line to succeed her husband, is named vice president. ](/news/2017/02/21/azerbaijani-first-lady-mehriban-aliyeva-who-is-widely-considered-to-be-in-line-to-succeed-her-husband-is-named-vice-president.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
4. [Four alleged extremists planning terror attacks in Azerbaijan  are killed in a shootout with the country's security forces; one suspect is arrested. The State Security Service says the group  was connected to an unspecified religious extremist group abroad. ](/news/2017/02/1/four-alleged-extremists-planning-terror-attacks-in-azerbaijan-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-country-s-security-forces-one-suspect-is-a.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
5. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
6. [Christina Grimmie, a YouTube star and former contestant on ''The Voice'', is shot dead by an "infatuated" fan as she signed autographs following a concert appearance with Before You Exit at The Plaza Live in Orlando, Florida. The shooter, 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl, shot himself dead after being tackled by Grimmie's Brother. Grimmie died in a hospital just before 11 p.m. ](/news/2016/06/10/christina-grimmie-a-youtube-star-and-former-contestant-on-the-voice-is-shot-dead-by-an-infatuated-fan-as-she-signed-autographs-follo.md) _Context: YouTube_
7. [Imprisoned Azerbaijani journalist Khadija Ismayilova is announced as the winner of the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for 2016 for "her outstanding contribution to press freedom in difficult circumstances." ](/news/2016/05/3/imprisoned-azerbaijani-journalist-khadija-ismayilova-is-announced-as-the-winner-of-the-unesco-guillermo-cano-world-press-freedom-prize-for-2.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
8. [  An Azerbaijani cargo airplane crashes during landing in southern Afghanistan, killing seven out of its nine crew members. ](/news/2016/05/19/an-azerbaijani-cargo-airplane-crashes-during-landing-in-southern-afghanistan-killing-seven-out-of-its-nine-crew-members.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
9. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
10. [ Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-one-day-after-30-soldiers-died-the-associated-press-reports-reb.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
