### [2012-02-3](/news/2012/02/3/index.md)

# Egyptian protests:Egyptian police shoot and kill two protesters in Suez, the first deaths to occur as protests spring up over the Port Said Stadium clashes. 

Two people are shot dead and more than 400 injured in protests across Egypt sparked by the deaths of 74 people after a football match.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Atlanta Journal Constitution](http://www.ajc.com/news/nation-world/22-dead-in-egypt-1328173.html)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/02/201222174712848617.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-16863190)

### Related:

1. [In Cairo, Egypt, clashes between police and fans of Zamalek SC kill 22 people. Egyptian authorities indefinitely suspend football league matches. ](/news/2015/02/8/in-cairo-egypt-clashes-between-police-and-fans-of-zamalek-sc-kill-22-people-egyptian-authorities-indefinitely-suspend-football-league-mat.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
2. [Aftermath of the 2013 Egyptian coup d'etat:Hundreds are reported dead - including 43 police - across Egypt as Morsi supporters clash with security forces in response to a crackdown on protests. ](/news/2013/08/14/aftermath-of-the-2013-egyptian-coup-d-a-c-tat-phundreds-are-reported-dead-including-43-police-across-egypt-as-morsi-supporters-clash-with.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
3. [Six people - including army officers and policemen - are killed and another eleven wounded in a series of militant attacks in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2013/07/22/six-people-a-including-army-officers-and-policemen-a-are-killed-and-another-eleven-wounded-in-a-series-of-militant-attacks-in-egypt-s-si.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
4. [2012-2013 Egyptian protests:Massive protests against Mohamed Morsi develop all over Egypt on the second anniversary of the 2011 revolution, including in Tahrir Square, where thousands of protesters gathered. At least 6 civilians and 1 police officer are shot dead in the Egyptian city of Suez, while 456 others are injured nationwide. ](/news/2013/01/25/2012a2013-egyptian-protests-pmassive-protests-against-mohamed-morsi-develop-all-over-egypt-on-the-second-anniversary-of-the-2011-revolutio.md) _Context: Egypt, Suez_
5. [Egyptian At least 73 people are killed as a result of clashes between fans of Egyptian football teams Al-Masry and Al-Ahly in the city of Port Said. ](/news/2012/02/1/egyptian-at-least-73-people-are-killed-as-a-result-of-clashes-between-fans-of-egyptian-football-teams-al-masry-and-al-ahly-in-the-city-of-po.md) _Context: Egypt, Port Said Stadium clashes_
6. [The headquarters of Egypt's Ministry of Interior burns to the ground as police officers protest outside about low wages. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-headquarters-of-egypt-s-ministry-of-interior-burns-to-the-ground-as-police-officers-protest-outside-about-low-wages.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
7. [Coptic Christians clash with police in Cairo and Alexandria, Egypt, as they demand more protection for Egypt's Christian minority following a New Year's Day bombing of a Coptic church that killed 21. ](/news/2011/01/3/coptic-christians-clash-with-police-in-cairo-and-alexandria-egypt-as-they-demand-more-protection-for-egypt-s-christian-minority-following.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Gunmen shoot dead five police officers near Giza. ](/news/2017/07/14/gunmen-shoot-dead-five-police-officers-near-giza.md) _Context: police officers_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
