### [2012-02-3](/news/2012/02/3/index.md)

# Insurgency in the North Caucasus: The Chechen rebel leader Doku Umarov orders his subordinates to halt attacks on the civilian population of Russia, while leaving military and security personnel as legitimate targets.




### Source:

1. [RFE/RL](http://www.rferl.org/content/caucasus_insurgency_head_backs_halt_of_terror_attacks_on_russian_civilians/24472256.html)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:: Five police officers are killed and twelve others wounded in a suicide bombing in Grozny, the capital of Russia's North Caucasian republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2014/10/5/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-five-police-officers-are-killed-and-twelve-others-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-grozny-the-capital-of.md) _Context: Chechnya, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
2. [North Caucasus insurgency: 4 police officers are killed in an attack near Grozny, the capital of the Russian North Caucasus republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2012/08/17/north-caucasus-insurgency-4-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-near-grozny-the-capital-of-the-russian-north-caucasus-republic-of-chec.md) _Context: Chechnya, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
3. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: Dozens are killed and wounded as fighting intensifies between the Russian forces and the local Muslim insurgents in Chechnya and Dagestan. ](/news/2012/02/17/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-dozens-are-killed-and-wounded-as-fighting-intensifies-between-the-russian-forces-and-the-local-muslim-insu.md) _Context: Chechnya, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
4. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: Clashes occur between the Russian forces and Islamist militants in the Vedensky District, Chechnya, with reportedly 8 killed and 16 wounded. ](/news/2012/01/9/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-clashes-occur-between-the-russian-forces-and-islamist-militants-in-the-vedensky-district-chechnya-with-r.md) _Context: Chechnya, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
5. [LGBT rights in Russia: Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains -absolute lies and disinformation- since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/lgbt-rights-in-russia-russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figure.md) _Context: Chechnya, Russia_
6. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-gua.md) _Context: Chechnya, Insurgency in the North Caucasus_
7. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya, Insurgency in the North Caucasus_
8. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: At least three suspected militants are killed by Russian security forces during a firefight in Khasavyurt, Dagestan. ](/news/2017/01/29/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-by-russian-security-forces-during-a-firefight-in-khasavyurt.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
9. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
10. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: At least eight unidentified militants and one security officer are killed in ongoing clashes in rural Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2016/07/8/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-eight-unidentified-militants-and-one-security-officer-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-rural-dage.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
