
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/12/29/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palestinian-civilians-and-himsel.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/12/29/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palestinian-civilians-and-himsel.json)  [XML](/news/2005/12/29/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palestinian-civilians-and-himsel.xml)  

### [2005-12-29](/news/2005/12/29/index.md)

##### suicide bombing
#  A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Sources:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/12/29/mideast.alqaeda.claim/)
2. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/664070.html)
3. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/12/30/wmid130.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/12/30/ixnewstop.html)
4. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-122905mideast_lat,0,6610305.story?coll=la-story-footer&track=morenews)
5. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/29/international/middleeast/29cnd-mideast.html)

### Changes:

1. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/12/29/arabaisraeli-conflict-p-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-pales.md) _2017-05-25 03:17:35 (First version)_
2. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/12/29/arabaisraeli-conflict-p-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palest.md) _2017-08-25 03:17:20 (Update)_
3. [ Arab-Israeli conflict:: A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/12/29/arab-israeli-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palest.md) _2017-08-27 03:17:19 (Update)_
3. [ A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/12/29/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palestinian-civilians-and-himsel.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis. A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-israe.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, West Bank, suicide bombing_
2. [ One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http:--www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claimed-responsibility-calling-it-re.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank, suicide bombing_
3. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Palestinian, Tulkarm, West Bank_
4. [ Following an Israeli raid on the Palestinian city of Tulkarm, one Israeli soldier and one Islamic Jihad leader are killed. The soldier was killed in a gunfight with 3 members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The three were suspected to have been part of the cell which was involved in Tel Aviv "Stage" club bombing in February 2005. Shafiq Abdul Rani, the leader of the Jihad cell in Tulkarm was killed and another militant was arrested. ](/news/2005/05/2/following-an-israeli-raid-on-the-palestinian-city-of-tulkarm-one-israeli-soldier-and-one-islamic-jihad-leader-are-killed-the-soldier-was.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tulkarm_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian gunman enters a home in Negohot (an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near Hebron), murders 7-month-old Shaked Avraham and 27-year-old Eyal Yeberbaum, and injures both of the baby girl's parents as they were celebrating the Jewish New Year. The shooter was later killed by Israeli security forces. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.](/news/2003/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-gunman-enters-a-home-in-negohot-an-israeli-settlement-in-the-west-bank-near-hebron-murders.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, West Bank_
