### [2011-04-19](/news/2011/04/19/index.md)

# British prime minister David Cameron sets out to block his predecessor Gordon Brown's attempt to take the 270,000 per year role of head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2011/apr/19/gordon-brown-not-most-appropriate-imf-cameron)

### Related:

1. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gordon Brown_
2. [UK general election countdown:Gordon Brown and David Cameron admitted that Nick Clegg, leader of the Liberal Democrats, put forward a very good case for his party at last night's election debate. ](/news/2010/04/16/uk-general-election-countdown-pgordon-brown-and-david-cameron-admitted-that-nick-clegg-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-put-forward-a-very.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gordon Brown_
3. [ After 27 years, Terry Wogan presents his last edition of ''Wake Up to Wogan'' on BBC Radio 2, receiving farewell messages from Gordon Brown and David Cameron. ](/news/2009/12/18/after-27-years-terry-wogan-presents-his-last-edition-of-wake-up-to-wogan-on-bbc-radio-2-receiving-farewell-messages-from-gordon-brown.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gordon Brown_
4. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
5. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives  and the International Monetary Fund  and other international partners on a  three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
6. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron_
9. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: David Cameron_
10. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
