### [2016-09-8](/news/2016/09/8/index.md)

# A high court in the State of Palestine suspends upcoming municipal elections. 

The Palestinian Supreme Court ordered the suspension of Oct. 8 municipal elections that were seen as a referendum on President Mahmoud Abbas’s rule.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-08/palestinian-supreme-court-calls-off-october-municipal-elections)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/ih9vkAwLi21o/v0/1200x600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Along with the Solomon Islands, the State of Palestine joins Interpol despite objections from Israel. ](/news/2017/09/27/along-with-the-solomon-islands-the-state-of-palestine-joins-interpol-despite-objections-from-israel.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
2. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
3. [The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax-bills-on-fuel-imports-to.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
4. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
5. [Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". ](/news/2016/09/8/newly-revealed-secret-information-decoded-from-documents-from-the-mitrokhin-archive-a-collection-of-handwritten-notes-by-kgb-archivist-vas.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
6. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
7. [Restoration work at the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem, Palestine reveals a hidden angel mosaic. ](/news/2016/07/12/restoration-work-at-the-church-of-the-nativity-in-bethlehem-palestine-reveals-a-hidden-angel-mosaic.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
8. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
9. [Indonesian President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/indonesian-president-joko-ajokowia-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-cooperation-oic-summit-meeting-in-jak.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
10. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: State of Palestine_
