### [2016-09-8](/news/2016/09/8/index.md)

# Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". 

The Palestinian Authority very quickly denied the claims, calling them another Israeli slur against the president.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/09/08/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-was-once-a-kgb-spy-codenamed-mole-report-claims/)

### Related:

1. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
2. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
3. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
4. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
6. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
7. [American Envoy to the Middle East and former Senator George J. Mitchell arrives in Ramallah and holds an immediate meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/06/18/american-envoy-to-the-middle-east-and-former-senator-george-j-mitchell-arrives-in-ramallah-and-holds-an-immediate-meeting-with-palestinian.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
8. [ Vasily Khristoforov, the head archivist for Russia's Federal Security Service  confirms for the first time that the Soviet Union's KGB cremated Adolf Hitler's body in 1970 and scattered his ashes in the Biederitz River. ](/news/2009/12/11/vasily-khristoforov-the-head-archivist-for-russia-s-federal-security-service-confirms-for-the-first-time-that-the-soviet-union-s-kgb-crem.md) _Context: KGB, Russia_
9. [ A former KGB agent, Russian-Israeli businessman Shabtai von Kalmanovic, is shot dead in Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2009/11/3/a-former-kgb-agent-russian-israeli-businessman-shabtai-von-kalmanovic-is-shot-dead-in-moscow-russia.md) _Context: KGB, Russia_
10. [ Hamas orders Palestinians in the Gaza Strip not to vote in a January election called by West Bank leader Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/10/28/hamas-orders-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-not-to-vote-in-a-january-election-called-by-west-bank-leader-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
