### [2016-09-8](/news/2016/09/8/index.md)

# The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. 

The mission has been described as a ‘slow high-five’ with a nearby asteroid to collect material that could date back to the origins of the solar system


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/09/08/us/osiris-rex-nasa-asteroid-mission/index.html)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/science/2016/sep/08/nasa-space-mission-launch-bennu-asteroid-osiris-rex)

### Related:

1. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
2. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
4. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
5. [More than 200 black bears are killed in a single day in the U.S. state of Florida after state officials allow the hunting of the animals for the first time in 21 years; supporters say the aim is to cut down on the animals' surging population, but animal rights activists have criticized the hunts as cruel and ineffective. ](/news/2015/10/25/more-than-200-black-bears-are-killed-in-a-single-day-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-after-state-officials-allow-the-hunting-of-the-animals-for.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
6. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: Florida, NASA_
7. [In Florida, United States, Eric Rivera Jr. is convicted of second-degree murder in the 2007 killing of NFL Washington Redskins player Sean Taylor during a burglary. ](/news/2013/11/4/in-florida-united-states-eric-rivera-jr-is-convicted-of-second-degree-murder-in-the-2007-killing-of-nfl-washington-redskins-player-sean-t.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
8. [James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. ](/news/2013/03/18/james-seevakumaran-a-30-year-old-student-at-the-university-of-central-florida-pulls-the-fire-alarm-and-plans-to-attack-the-school-instead.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
9. [Five people are wounded during a shooting at a nightclub in Belle Glade, Florida, United States. ](/news/2013/03/17/five-people-are-wounded-during-a-shooting-at-a-nightclub-in-belle-glade-florida-united-states.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
10. [Three people are killed when a Beechcraft BE35 plane crashes into a home near Daytona Beach, Florida, United States. ](/news/2013/01/4/three-people-are-killed-when-a-beechcraft-be35-plane-crashes-into-a-home-near-daytona-beach-florida-united-states.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
