### [2016-09-8](/news/2016/09/8/index.md)

# The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. 

The Supreme Court yesterday extended until Oct. 18 its order temporarily stopping the burial of the late strongman Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani in Taguig City that was supposedly set on Sept. 18. 


### Source:

1. [The Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2016/09/08/1621603/no-september-burial-libingan-marcos-sc)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-philippines-ferdinand-marcos-at.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
2. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
3. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
4. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-marcos-against-philippine-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
5. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Philippines_
6. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
7. [The Duterte administration defends its decision to bury the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippine heroes' cemetery. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-duterte-administration-defends-its-decision-to-bury-the-former-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-philippine-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
8. [The communication channel of the Philippine government is under scrutiny after an apparent whitewash and historical revisionism of the abuses of the Marcos dictatorship. ](/news/2016/09/11/the-communication-channel-of-the-philippine-government-is-under-scrutiny-after-an-apparent-whitewash-and-historical-revisionism-of-the-abuse.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Philippines_
9. [Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
10. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdin.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Philippines_
