### [2016-09-8](/news/2016/09/8/index.md)

# The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. 

An American flag that turned up in Washington state two years ago is believed to be the flag that was raised by firefighters above the site of the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center in New York.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/09/08/911-flag-from-ground-zero-believed-to-be-lost-found-in-washington-state.html)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits the World Trade Center site in New York City to commemorate the victims of the September 11 attacks following the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/05/5/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york-city-to-commemorate-the-victims-of-the-september.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City, September 11 attacks_
2. [Thousands of people gather at Ground Zero of the September 11 attacks in New York to celebrate the news that Osama bin Laden has been killed. ](/news/2011/05/2/thousands-of-people-gather-at-ground-zero-of-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-to-celebrate-the-news-that-osama-bin-laden-has-been-killed.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City, September 11 attacks_
3. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
4. [Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-as-mere-accidents-romson.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
5. [An agreement is reached allowing the completion of the US National September 11 Memorial & Museum on the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2012/09/10/an-agreement-is-reached-allowing-the-completion-of-the-us-national-september-11-memorial-museum-on-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City_
6. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
7. [The United States approves more than $4 billion assistance for rescuers and residents whose health was affected after the September 11 attacks in New York City in 2001. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-approves-more-than-4-billion-assistance-for-rescuers-and-residents-whose-health-was-affected-after-the-september-11-attac.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
8. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
9. [Protesters against the Park51 project for an Islamic community center two blocks away from Ground Zero of the World Trade Center site gather in New York City. ](/news/2010/08/22/protesters-against-the-park51-project-for-an-islamic-community-center-two-blocks-away-from-ground-zero-of-the-world-trade-center-site-gather.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City_
10. [David Paterson, Governor of the U.S. state of New York, is to discuss relocating the controversial Park51 Islamic community centre and mosque near World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2010/08/18/david-paterson-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-is-to-discuss-relocating-the-controversial-park51-islamic-community-centre-and-mosqu.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City_
