### [2006-02-6](/news/2006/02/6/index.md)

#  As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2006/02/06/emerson-jumps060206.html)
2. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060206/cabinet_main_060206/20060206?hub=TopStories)

### Related:

1. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
2. [ In Canada's 40th general election, the ruling Conservative Party gains 19 seats and wins another minority government.  Stephen Harper is re-elected as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/10/14/in-canada-s-40th-general-election-the-ruling-conservative-party-gains-19-seats-and-wins-another-minority-government-stephen-harper-is-re.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper appoints a five-member advisory committee on Afghanistan to be chaired by John Manley of the opposition Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-appoints-a-five-member-advisory-committee-on-afghanistan-to-be-chaired-by-john-manley-of-the-op.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Stephen Harper_
4. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Conservative Party's, Stephen Harper_
5. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-w.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Stephen Harper_
6. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's, crosses the floor_
7. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
8. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's_
9. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
10. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Liberal Party's_
