### [2006-02-6](/news/2006/02/6/index.md)

#  In the Egyptian port of Safaga, relatives of hundreds of passengers killed when the ferry "al-Salam Boccaccio '98" sank in the Red Sea, attack the office of El Salam Maritime Transport. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4684976.stm)

### Related:

1. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations. King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossin.md) _Context: Egypt, Red Sea_
2. [Metrojet Flight 9268. Tourism bookings in Egypt-s main Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh plunge in the wake of the plane crash with some 80% of reservations cancelled and at least 40% of the tourists leaving the resort since the crash. ](/news/2015/11/11/metrojet-flight-9268-tourism-bookings-in-egypt-s-main-red-sea-resort-of-sharm-el-sheikh-plunge-in-the-wake-of-the-plane-crash-with-some-8.md) _Context: Egypt, Red Sea_
3. [Sinai insurgency: Israel intercepts and destroys a Grad rocket fired by Mujahideen Shura Council al-Qaeda members from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat. ](/news/2013/08/13/sinai-insurgency-israel-intercepts-and-destroys-a-grad-rocket-fired-by-mujahideen-shura-council-al-qaeda-members-from-egyptian-territory-at.md) _Context: Egypt, Red Sea_
4. [An Egyptian ferry carrying 1200 people catches fire in the Red Sea between the Jordanian port of Aqaba and Nuweiba. ](/news/2011/11/3/an-egyptian-ferry-carrying-1200-people-catches-fire-in-the-red-sea-between-the-jordanian-port-of-aqaba-and-nuweiba.md) _Context: Egypt, Red Sea_
5. [Red Sea oil spill disaster:. Environmentalists said that an oil spill near Hurghada Egypt in the Red Sea is continuing even after the government said it had been contained, leaving turtles and sea birds covered in oil. ](/news/2010/06/22/red-sea-oil-spill-disaster-environmentalists-said-that-an-oil-spill-near-hurghada-egypt-in-the-red-sea-is-continuing-even-after-the-govern.md) _Context: Egypt, Red Sea_
6. [ The M/V al-Salam Boccaccio 98, a ferry carrying 1272 passengers and 105 crew, sinks in poor weather in the Red Sea while travelling between Saudi Arabia and Egypt. 314 people have been rescued so far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4676916.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2006/02/3/the-m-v-al-salam-boccaccio-98-a-ferry-carrying-1272-passengers-and-105-crew-sinks-in-poor-weather-in-the-red-sea-while-travelling-between.md) _Context: Egypt, Red Sea_
7. [Migrant crisis. At least 56 African migrants drown in the Red Sea while traveling from the Horn of Africa to Yemen. Human traffickers had forced 300 people aboard two boats into the sea. ](/news/2017/08/11/migrant-crisis-at-least-56-african-migrants-drown-in-the-red-sea-while-traveling-from-the-horn-of-africa-to-yemen-human-traffickers-had-fo.md) _Context: Red Sea_
8. [Alexandria train collision. Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
