### [2006-02-6](/news/2006/02/6/index.md)

#  U.S. Senate Committee on the Judiciary hearings begin regarding the NSA warrantless surveillance program, with testimony from Attorney General Alberto Gonzales. 




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5191188)

### Related:

1. [ Spain's Central Court of Instruction will investigate whether former United States Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and five other American officials violated international law by justifying torture. ](/news/2009/03/28/spain-s-central-court-of-instruction-will-investigate-whether-former-united-states-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-and-five-other-america.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, United States Attorney General_
2. [ Michael B. Mukasey, a retired federal judge from New York, will be nominated to replace Alberto Gonzales as United States Attorney General and President Bush will announce his selection on Monday. ](/news/2007/09/16/michael-b-mukasey-a-retired-federal-judge-from-new-york-will-be-nominated-to-replace-alberto-gonzales-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, United States Attorney General_
3. [ United States Attorney General Alberto Gonzales announces his resignation. ](/news/2007/08/27/united-states-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-announces-his-resignation.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, United States Attorney General_
4. [ United States Attorney General Alberto Gonzales announces that law enforcement agencies have arrested 10,340 fugitives in Operation Falcon between April 4-10. ](/news/2005/04/14/united-states-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-announces-that-law-enforcement-agencies-have-arrested-10-340-fugitives-in-operation-falcon.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, United States Attorney General_
5. [ United States: Alberto Gonzales becomes the first Hispanic U.S. Attorney General, confirmed by a 60-36 Senate vote split across party lines. ](/news/2005/02/4/united-states-alberto-gonzales-becomes-the-first-hispanic-u-s-attorney-general-confirmed-by-a-60-36-senate-vote-split-across-party-lines.md) _Context: Alberto Gonzales, United States Attorney General_
6. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
7. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-ge.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
9. [2015 FIFA corruption case. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictm.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
10. [Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. ](/news/2013/05/13/attorney-general-eric-holder-acting-for-the-obama-administration-testifies-before-the-house-judiciary-committee-that-he-was-not-party-to-t.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
