### [2003-12-24](/news/2003/12/24/index.md)

#  Following the detection of BSE in a Mabton, Washington cow, several countries (including Japan, Russia, Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong) announce a ban on the importation of U.S. beef. 




### Related:

1. [2014 Crimean crisis - Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promoting-the-secession-of.md) _Context: American, Japan, Russia_
2. [Russia lifts a 16-year ban on the import of British beef and lamb. British farmers had been stopped from exporting to Russia following the 1996 BSE outbreak in the UK, despite the lifting of a worldwide ban in 2006. ](/news/2012/11/22/russia-lifts-a-16-year-ban-on-the-import-of-british-beef-and-lamb-british-farmers-had-been-stopped-from-exporting-to-russia-following-the-1.md) _Context: Russia, beef, mad cow disease_
3. [Three astronauts, Sunita Williams of the United States, Yuri Malenchenko of Russia and Aki Hoshide of Japan, arrive at the International Space Station for a three month visit. ](/news/2012/07/17/three-astronauts-sunita-williams-of-the-united-states-yuri-malenchenko-of-russia-and-aki-hoshide-of-japan-arrive-at-the-international-spa.md) _Context: American, Japan, Russia_
4. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore_
5. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has repeatedly called on the DPRK to re-engage in the Six-Party Talks that also involve the Republic of Korea, Japan, China, Russia and the United States. ](/news/2010/02/12/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-has-repeatedly-called-on-the-dprk-to-re-engage-in-the-six-party-talks-that-also-involve-the-republic-of-korea.md) _Context: American, Japan, Russia_
6. [ Taiwan announces plans to reimpose a ban on certain U.S. beef products amid concerns over mad cow disease. ](/news/2009/12/30/taiwan-announces-plans-to-reimpose-a-ban-on-certain-u-s-beef-products-amid-concerns-over-mad-cow-disease.md) _Context: American, Taiwan, mad cow disease_
7. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: American, Japan, Russia_
8. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: American, Japan, Russia_
9. [ Beef from the United States goes on sale in Japan as a ban imposed due to mad cow disease in the U.S. is lifted. ](/news/2007/03/29/beef-from-the-united-states-goes-on-sale-in-japan-as-a-ban-imposed-due-to-mad-cow-disease-in-the-u-s-is-lifted.md) _Context: American, Japan, beef_
10. [ China and Russia resist efforts by the United States and Japan to move a motion in the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on North Korea over its missile tests. ](/news/2006/07/5/china-and-russia-resist-efforts-by-the-united-states-and-japan-to-move-a-motion-in-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-sanctions.md) _Context: American, Japan, Russia_
