### [2016-02-27](/news/2016/02/27/index.md)

# A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. 

Thousands of Russians marched through Moscow to honor slain Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov on Saturday, the first anniversary of his death, and to press their demand that the authorities find and punish the person who ordered his killing.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-nemtsov-idUSKCN0W00M4)

### Related:

1. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. ](/news/2015/02/27/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-in-moscow-an-unidentified-attacker-assassinates-leading-russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-the-fo.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov, deputy prime minister_
2. [Aftermath of the assassination of Boris Nemtsov: A jury trial convicts five individuals accused of working together to assassinate Boris Nemtsov. These individuals had been promised a bounty of 15 million Russian rubles. Critics say the original financiers and organizers of the crime have not been identified. ](/news/2017/06/29/aftermath-of-the-assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-a-jury-trial-convicts-five-individuals-accused-of-working-together-to-assassinate-boris-nem.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
3. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. ](/news/2015/03/8/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-a-court-in-moscow-charges-two-men-of-chechen-origin-zaur-dadayev-and-ansor-gubashev-who-were-among-five-ar.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
4. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. ](/news/2015/03/7/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-russian-authorities-arrest-five-men-anzor-gubashev-and-zaur-dadayev-suspects-from-the-rebellious-north-cau.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
5. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
6. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
7. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: Russian authorities refuse entry into Russia at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport to a Latvian lawmaker and vice-chair of the biggest bloc in the EU, Sandra Kalniete. Having received no reasonable explanation for the ban, she flies back to Brussels. ](/news/2015/03/3/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-russian-authorities-refuse-entry-into-russia-at-moscow-s-sheremetyevo-international-airport-to-a-latvian-law.md) _Context: assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
8. [Russia's leading opposition activists Boris Nemtsov, Alexei Navalny, Ilya Yashin are jailed for 7-10 days for disobeying a police officer while protesting against the Bolotnaya square case. The previous day, in Moscow police detained over 400 people, including Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina. ](/news/2014/02/25/russia-s-leading-opposition-activists-boris-nemtsov-alexei-navalny-ilya-yashin-are-jailed-for-7-10-days-for-disobeying-a-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov_
9. [Russian police arrest a former senior police officer Dmitry Pavlyuchenkov suspected of organising the murder of former Kremlin reporter Anna Politkovskaya in 2006. ](/news/2011/08/24/russian-police-arrest-a-former-senior-police-officer-dmitry-pavlyuchenkov-suspected-of-organising-the-murder-of-former-kremlin-reporter-anna.md) _Context: Kremlin_
10. [The President of Russia, Dmitry Medvedev, expands the Kremlin's human rights council and authorises it to investigate the cases of Sergei Magnitsky and Mikhail Khodorkovsky. ](/news/2011/02/2/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-expands-the-kremlin-s-human-rights-council-and-authorises-it-to-investigate-the-cases-of-sergei-ma.md) _Context: Kremlin_
