### [2016-02-27](/news/2016/02/27/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: A truce is in effect, as of midnight. Russian Air Force attacks on opposition positions were reported to have been intensified before the truce took effect. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35674908)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/syrian-civil-war-suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russian war planes allegedly bomb a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least eight people. ](/news/2016/07/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-war-planes-allegedly-bomb-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at-least-eight-people.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian civil war: Airstrikes in rebel-held districts of Aleppo kill at least 15 people and wound dozens while three hospitals are hit including one of the few that still provides pediatric services. UNICEF says medics had to take babies out of incubators. It is unclear who was responsible, though government forces, backed by the Russian Air Force, have run operations to regain control of the divided city. ](/news/2016/06/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-in-rebel-held-districts-of-aleppo-kill-at-least-15-people-and-wound-dozens-while-three-hospitals-are-hit-includ.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Northern Aleppo offensive (2016): The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/syrian-civil-war-northern-aleppo-offensive-2016-the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, recaptures the town of Khanasir from ISIL militants in the Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-recaptures-the-town-of-khanasir-from-isil-militants-in-the-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, says it has captured the town of Kinsabba in the northwest Latakia Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/18/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-says-it-has-captured-the-town-of-kinsabba-in-the-northwest-latakia-gover.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Air Force destroys around 500 fuel tanker vehicles used by ISIS and other extremist groups for transporting illegal oil from Syria to Iraq. ](/news/2015/11/18/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-destroys-around-500-fuel-tanker-vehicles-used.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
