### [2003-11-3](/news/2003/11/3/index.md)

#  At a campaign fundraiser in Birmingham, Alabama, President George W. Bush states that the tax cuts are working to help the economy. Bush also vows that the coalition forces will stay in Iraq. The president states the deaths of 15 soldiers in an attack on a helicopter will not deter the United States. Bush states, "The enemy in Iraq believes America will run. That's why they're willing to kill innocent civilians, relief workers, coalition troops. America will never run."




### Related:

1. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
2. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
3. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
4. [ In an interview, U.S. President George W. Bush names No Child Left Behind as one of his most significant achievements and hopes to be remembered for the current situation in Iraq ](/news/2008/11/29/in-an-interview-u-s-president-george-w-bush-names-no-child-left-behind-as-one-of-his-most-significant-achievements-and-hopes-to-be-remem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
5. [ US President George W. Bush pledges 4,500 troops to Afghanistan over the next few months and orders 8,000 troops currently stationed in Iraq to be home by February. ](/news/2008/09/9/us-president-george-w-bush-pledges-4-500-troops-to-afghanistan-over-the-next-few-months-and-orders-8-000-troops-currently-stationed-in-ira.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
6. [ The United States military says that it accidentally killed nine Iraqi civilians in an operation targeting Al-Qaeda south of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/02/4/the-united-states-military-says-that-it-accidentally-killed-nine-iraqi-civilians-in-an-operation-targeting-al-qaeda-south-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Iraq, civilian_
7. [ Turkish helicopters bomb several Kurdistan Workers Party positions in northern Iraq. ](/news/2007/11/13/turkish-helicopters-bomb-several-kurdistan-workers-party-positions-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, helicopter_
8. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
9. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with-success-a-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
10. [ Six members of the Iranian security forces are killed in a helicopter crash near the town of Piranshahr close to the Iraqi border. ](/news/2007/08/17/six-members-of-the-iranian-security-forces-are-killed-in-a-helicopter-crash-near-the-town-of-piranshahr-close-to-the-iraqi-border.md) _Context: Iraq, helicopter_
