### [2003-11-3](/news/2003/11/3/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Attacks consisting of six explosions, reportedly coordinated, occur (one in Kirkuk, five in Baghdad). The series of explosions in Baghdad, which may have come from mortar shells, is in an area that is home to several coalition headquarters buildings. The Kirkuk bomb blast northeast of Baghdad kills one Iraqi and wounds 15. The target of this explosion was the deputy governor of the northern Diyala province Aqil al-Hamid, who was in a convoy driving near the city of Baquba. He escapes uninjured. Also, another blast occurs near a holy Shiite Muslim shrine in the city of Karbala kills three people and injured 12.




### Related:

1. [Coordinated car bombings against five Shiite mosques in Baghdad and Kirkuk kill 23 worshipers. ](/news/2013/03/29/coordinated-car-bombings-against-five-shiite-mosques-in-baghdad-and-kirkuk-kill-23-worshipers.md) _Context: Baghdad, Kirkuk, Shiite_
2. [ Suicide bombers target Kurdish political protesters in Kirkuk and Shiite pilgrims in Baghdad killing at least 48 people and wounding 249. ](/news/2008/07/28/suicide-bombers-target-kurdish-political-protesters-in-kirkuk-and-shiite-pilgrims-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-and-wounding-249.md) _Context: Baghdad, Kirkuk, Shiite_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 26 Iraqi police die following two car bombs in the Baghdad. Elsewhere, 3 Shia pilgrims are shot dead by a passenger in a passing car traveling to Karbala, two Iraqi police members are killed near Kirkuk and three civil servants die following an attack on the Ministry of Industry in East Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/15/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-26-iraqi-police-die-following-two-car-bombs-in-the-baghdad-elsewhere-3-shia-pilgrims-are-shot-dead-by-a-passen.md) _Context: Baghdad, Karbala, Kirkuk_
4. [ Close to 1,200 people were crushed to death or died in a stampede on the Al-Aaimmah bridge over the river Tigris in Baghdad on Wednesday when thousands of Shia Muslims began marching to a shrine to the Imam Musa al-Kazim. The stampede appears to have been caused by rumours of a series of suicide attacks. Earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgents fired mortars into the crowd. [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/E2ED7EA5-15F6-4A89-A532-C927FD299679.htm (Al Jazeera)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4199618.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/08/31/close-to-1-200-people-were-crushed-to-death-or-died-in-a-stampede-on-the-al-aaimmah-bridge-over-the-river-tigris-in-baghdad-on-wednesday-wh.md) _Context: Baghdad, Mortar, shrine_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Baquba, Kirkuk, Mortar_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Kirkuk, Mortar_
7. [At least 35 people are killed and 60 others injured in an attack on a Shiite mausoleum located in north of Baghdad. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/7/at-least-35-people-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-shiite-mausoleum-located-in-north-of-baghdad-islamic-state-in-iraq-an.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shiite_
8. [Three bombings in and around Baghdad kill at least 14, including Shiite pilgrims, and injure more than 30. ](/news/2016/05/2/three-bombings-in-and-around-baghdad-kill-at-least-14-including-shiite-pilgrims-and-injure-more-than-30.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shiite_
9. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shiite_
10. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Shiite_
