### [2003-11-3](/news/2003/11/3/index.md)

#  The European Commission comes out with another Eurobarometer, a survey of EU citizens. According to the survey, most Europeans think that the war in Iraq is not justified, that UN should supervise Iraq and provide security, and that U.S. should pay for the rebuilding of Iraq. As to which countries pose a threat to world peace, 59% think it is Israel, and 53% that it is the United States.




### Related:

1. [ European Commission President Romano Prodi vows stronger action to combat anti-Semitism in Europe. Prodi states that some criticism of Israel was inspired by "what amounts to anti-Semitic sentiments and prejudice." Youths from the large Arab immigrant communities in France, Belgium and other European countries are blamed for the rise in attacks against Jews in Europe. The European Union's ](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.md) _Context: EU, European Commission, Israel_
2. [ The October Taylor Nelson Sofres / EOS Gallup EU poll reportedly shows that 59% of Europeans think that Israel is a threat to world peace (greater threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran, or Afghanistan). Also according to the poll, Europeans believe the United States surpasses the "axis of evil" (i.e., Iran, Iraq, and North Korea) and Afghanistan for countries that contribute most to world instability. Around 7,500 people from 15 different European countries were surveyed. Some of the results not yet published are still reportedly ""unstable"". Representatives will be meeting the EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana to discuss the results of the poll and issues around combating anti-Semitism in Europe.](/news/2003/11/1/the-october-taylor-nelson-sofres-eos-gallup-eu-poll-reportedly-shows-that-59-of-europeans-think-that-israel-is-a-threat-to-world-peace.md) _Context: EU, Iraq, Israel_
3. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
4. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, Israel_
5. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: EU, Iraq_
6. [A 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. ](/news/2014/08/1/a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-the-un-and-usa-which-began-at-08-00-falls-apart-with-each-side-accusing-the-other-party-of-breaching-the-cea.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
7. [Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, says it would be "extremely difficult, if not impossible" for an independent Scotland to join the European Union as it would need the approval of all member states. ](/news/2014/02/16/josa-c-manuel-barroso-president-of-the-european-commission-says-it-would-be-extremely-difficult-if-not-impossible-for-an-independent-sco.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
8. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
9. [A European Commission report draft estimates the investment needed for increasing the safety of Europe's 134 power station nuclear reactors at 10 to 25 billion euro. The full report on the stress tests is to be debated by EU ministers later this month. ](/news/2012/10/2/a-european-commission-report-draft-estimates-the-investment-needed-for-increasing-the-safety-of-europe-s-134-power-station-nuclear-reactors.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
10. [Turkey expels Israel's ambassador and cancels all military agreements with Israel, hours before a UN report investigating the raid is published. ](/news/2011/09/2/turkey-expels-israel-s-ambassador-and-cancels-all-military-agreements-with-israel-hours-before-a-un-report-investigating-the-raid-is-publis.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
