### [2003-11-3](/news/2003/11/3/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: Saudi Arabian authorities have broken up, for the second time, a militant ring in Mecca amid a wide crackdown on Islamic extremists. The police combated militants in the streets of the holy city of Mecca, killing two of the suspects and uncovering a large cache of weapons. The raid on two buildings in Mecca's al-Share'a neighborhood foiled a terrorist operation "that did not respect the sanctity of holy places and the month of Ramadan".




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: In Saudi Arabia, an attempt at a terror attack on Saudi officials, pilgrims, or both, in the holy city of Mecca is foiled; plotters believed to be linked to Al Qaeda.](/news/2003/11/4/war-on-terrorism-in-saudi-arabia-an-attempt-at-a-terror-attack-on-saudi-officials-pilgrims-or-both-in-the-holy-city-of-mecca-is-foiled.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia, War on Terrorism_
2. [ Security officials in Saudi Arabia order 4600 extra troops into Mecca to provide increased security during Ramadan, saying that additional attacks could occur at any moment.](/news/2003/11/10/security-officials-in-saudi-arabia-order-4600-extra-troops-into-mecca-to-provide-increased-security-during-ramadan-saying-that-additional.md) _Context: Mecca, Ramadan, Saudi Arabia_
3. [ War on Terrorism: APEC: Indonesia and Malaysia have submitted lists of 20 suspected terrorists with links to two militant groups, asking for Thailand to help monitor their movements on the southern border.](/news/2003/09/10/war-on-terrorism-apec-indonesia-and-malaysia-have-submitted-lists-of-20-suspected-terrorists-with-links-to-two-militant-groups-asking-fo.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, militant, terrorism_
4. [Saudi security forces shoot dead two alleged Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants while two others blew themselves up near Mecca, Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/05/5/saudi-security-forces-shoot-dead-two-alleged-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-while-two-others-blew-themselves-up-near-mecca.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Iran bans imports of all products made in Saudi Arabia and reiterates that the ban on Iranians traveling to the Saudi holy city of Mecca remains in place.](/news/2016/01/7/iran-bans-imports-of-all-products-made-in-saudi-arabia-and-reiterates-that-the-ban-on-iranians-traveling-to-the-saudi-holy-city-of-mecca-rem.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
6. [At least 719 people are dead and 863 people injured in a stampede near Mecca during the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/09/24/at-least-719-people-are-dead-and-863-people-injured-in-a-stampede-near-mecca-during-the-hajj-pilgrimage-in-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
7. [ Iran bans all pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in an attempt to contain the spread of swine flu. ](/news/2009/08/6/iran-bans-all-pilgrimages-to-saudi-arabia-during-the-islamic-holy-month-of-ramadan-in-an-attempt-to-contain-the-spread-of-swine-flu.md) _Context: Ramadan, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ At least 36 people die during combat between the Transitional Federal Government and Islamist militants in Webho, Somalia. ](/news/2009/06/6/at-least-36-people-die-during-combat-between-the-transitional-federal-government-and-islamist-militants-in-webho-somalia.md) _Context: militant, radical Islamists_
9. [ Somali President Sharif Ahmed requests international aid in combating Islamic militants. ](/news/2009/05/25/somali-president-sharif-ahmed-requests-international-aid-in-combating-islamic-militants.md) _Context: militant, radical Islamists_
10. [ At least 36 people are killed as the Transitional Federal Government and Islamist militants battle in Mogadishu, Somalia. ](/news/2009/05/22/at-least-36-people-are-killed-as-the-transitional-federal-government-and-islamist-militants-battle-in-mogadishu-somalia.md) _Context: militant, radical Islamists_
