### [2005-04-30](/news/2005/04/30/index.md)

#  Severo Moto, exiled politician from Equatorial Guinea, reappears in Spain. He says that he survived an assassination attempt in Croatia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4502723.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-04-30T195730Z_01_CAS071771_RTRUKOC_0_EQUITORIALGUINEA-DISAPPEARANCE.xml)

### Related:

1. [ Spanish officials state that they are "concerned" about an apparent disappearance of Severo Moto, leader of an opposition political movement in Equatorial Guinea, who has lived in Spain in exile. His wife reported him missing. ](/news/2005/04/20/spanish-officials-state-that-they-are-concerned-about-an-apparent-disappearance-of-severo-moto-leader-of-an-opposition-political-movemen.md) _Context: Equatorial Guinea, Severo Moto, Spain_
2. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Spain, assassinated_
3. [ Spanish Judge Fernando Andreu investigates a possible Israeli crime against humanity during the 2002 assassination of Salah Shehade. ](/news/2009/01/29/spanish-judge-fernando-andreu-investigates-a-possible-israeli-crime-against-humanity-during-the-2002-assassination-of-salah-shehade.md) _Context: Spain, assassinated_
4. [ While Greece brings the 2007 Greek forest fires under control, 8 people have died in 48 hours in forest fires in northern Algeria, six firefighters die in Croatia and the village of Les Useres in the Valencia region of Spain is evacuated. ](/news/2007/08/31/while-greece-brings-the-2007-greek-forest-fires-under-control-8-people-have-died-in-48-hours-in-forest-fires-in-northern-algeria-six-fire.md) _Context: Croatia, Spain_
5. [ Croatian general Ante Gotovina, rated the third-most-wanted war criminal from the Yugoslav wars by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested by Spanish police in Tenerife and extradited to face the tribunal in The Hague. ](/news/2005/12/8/croatian-general-ante-gotovina-rated-the-third-most-wanted-war-criminal-from-the-yugoslav-wars-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: Croatia, Spain_
6. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: Equatorial Guinea_
10. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
