### [2005-04-30](/news/2005/04/30/index.md)

#  U.S. Senator John Kerry formally endorses a candidate for mayor of Los Angeles, Antonio Villaraigosa, repaying Mr. Villaraigosa's support for his own presidential campaign in 2004(AP)




### Related:

1. [Battle of Aleppo. Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/battle-of-aleppo-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-betwee.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
2. [Iran-United States relations. The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/iran-united-states-relations-the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-fo.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
3. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
4. [Colombian conflict. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry holds a meeting with leaders of FARC in a sign of encouragement in ending Colombia's half-century old conflict. ](/news/2016/03/22/colombian-conflict-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-holds-a-meeting-with-leaders-of-farc-in-a-sign-of-encouragement-in-ending-colombia-s.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
6. [European migrant crisis. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says that the United States will accept 85,000 refugees from the world in 2016, up from this year's 70,000 refugees, and will increase to 100,000 refugees in 2017. ](/news/2015/09/20/european-migrant-crisis-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-that-the-united-states-will-accept-85-000-refugees-from-the-world-in-2016.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
7. [Iran-United States relations:. Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif meets with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry during P5+1 and Iran talks, the highest-level direct contact between the United States and Iran in six years. ](/news/2013/09/27/iran-united-states-relations-iranian-foreign-minister-mohammad-javad-zarif-meets-with-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-during-p5-1-and-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
9. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States_
10. [Voters in the American city of Los Angeles, California, go to the polls for a mayoral election with Eric Garcetti and Wendy Greuel to contest a runoff on 21 May 2013. ](/news/2013/03/5/voters-in-the-american-city-of-los-angeles-california-go-to-the-polls-for-a-mayoral-election-with-eric-garcetti-and-wendy-greuel-to-contes.md) _Context: Los Angeles, United States_
