### [2013-03-20](/news/2013/03/20/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. 

Barack Obama says Israel has &quot;no greater friend&quot; than the US, as he makes his first visit to the country as president.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21854164)
2. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/israel-visit-obama-faces-conflict-ridden-middle-east-article-1.1293547)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/mar/20/barack-obama-visits-israel)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, Middle East, Palestinian, President of the United States_
2. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, President of the United States, United States_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits Jordan and meets with King Abdullah II. He warns of extremist threat in Syria. ](/news/2013/03/22/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-jordan-and-meets-with-king-abdullah-ii-he-warns-of-extremist-threat-in-syria.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States, visit_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in a formal visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories, states that "Palestinians deserve a state of their own". ](/news/2013/03/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-a-formal-visit-to-israel-and-the-palestinian-territories-states-that-palestinians-deserve-a-state-of-their.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, Palestinian, visit_
5. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, President of the United States, United States_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, President of the United States, United States_
7. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, President of the United States, United States_
8. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, President of the United States, United States_
9. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Israel, President of the United States, United States_
10. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, United States_
