### [2013-06-13](/news/2013/06/13/index.md)

# Four people are killed in a murder-suicide at a home health care business in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, by the owner of the business, 59-year-old Ahmed Dirir. 

Police sorting out what happened; victims &mdash; some of them related &mdash; all worked at home health care firm.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/06/13/us/missouri-shooting/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)
2. [St. Louis Post-Dispatch](http://www.stltoday.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/four-killed-in-murder-suicide-on-cherokee-street/article_f402b2cb-9b42-5ebd-919f-625e99d80f79.html)

### Related:

1. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis's, United States_
2. [An ABB employee commits suicide after shooting eight people, three fatally, at the ABB Power building in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States. ](/news/2010/01/7/an-abb-employee-commits-suicide-after-shooting-eight-people-three-fatally-at-the-abb-power-building-in-st-louis-missouri-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis's, United States_
3. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis's_
4. [Peabody Energy, the largest privately-owned producer of coal in the world headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, files for bankruptcy court protection due to high debts and a drop in world prices. ](/news/2016/04/13/peabody-energy-the-largest-privately-owned-producer-of-coal-in-the-world-headquartered-in-st-louis-missouri-files-for-bankruptcy-court-p.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis's_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
6. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
7. [Death of Michael Brown:. The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/death-of-michael-brown-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis's_
8. [Two people are missing and at least 14 injured after a car struck a gas main causing an explosion at the Country Club Plaza in the American city of Kansas City, Missouri. ](/news/2013/02/19/two-people-are-missing-and-at-least-14-injured-after-a-car-struck-a-gas-main-causing-an-explosion-at-the-country-club-plaza-in-the-american.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
9. [The perpetrator and his girlfriend's father are dead in a murder-suicide near Fairdealing, Missouri, United States, and two others are injured. ](/news/2013/02/18/the-perpetrator-and-his-girlfriend-s-father-are-dead-in-a-murder-suicide-near-fairdealing-missouri-united-states-and-two-others-are-injur.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
10. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29-30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
