### [2010-06-7](/news/2010/06/7/index.md)

# International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Jacques Rogge inspects the site of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. 

IOC President Jacques Rogge visits the site of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia, after officials there reveal costs are soaring.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10257581.stm)

### Related:

1. [2014 Winter Olympics:The Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia officially concludes. ](/news/2014/02/23/2014-winter-olympics-pthe-winter-olympics-in-sochi-russia-officially-concludes.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Russia, Sochi_
2. [2014 Winter Olympics:LGBT sportspeople, such as tennis player Billie Jean King and ice hockey player Caitlin Cahow, are to represent the United States in Sochi as a protest against the treatment of LGBT people in Russia. ](/news/2013/12/18/2014-winter-olympics-plgbt-sportspeople-such-as-tennis-player-billie-jean-king-and-ice-hockey-player-caitlin-cahow-are-to-represent-the-un.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Russia, Sochi_
3. [The Kremlin announces that Russia will hold the 2014 G8 summit in its southern Black Sea resort of Sochi, the host of the 2014 Winter Olympics. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-kremlin-announces-that-russia-will-hold-the-2014-g8-summit-in-its-southern-black-sea-resort-of-sochi-the-host-of-the-2014-winter-olympi.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Russia, Sochi_
4. [ The International Olympic Committee elects Sochi as the host city for the 2014 Winter Olympics during its session in Guatemala City. ](/news/2007/07/4/the-international-olympic-committee-elects-sochi-as-the-host-city-for-the-2014-winter-olympics-during-its-session-in-guatemala-city.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, International Olympic Committee, Sochi_
5. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Russia, Sochi_
6. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee, Russia_
7. [The World Anti-Doping Agency finds that the Government of Russia was involved in an intensive doping program including at the 2014 Winter Olympics at Sochi. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-world-anti-doping-agency-finds-that-the-government-of-russia-was-involved-in-an-intensive-doping-program-including-at-the-2014-winter-ol.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
8. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee, Russia_
9. [World Chess Championship 2014:Norwegian chessplayer Magnus Carlsen defends his World Chess Championship title after defeating Vishy Anand of India in 11th game of their match in Sochi, Russia. ](/news/2014/11/23/world-chess-championship-2014-pnorwegian-chessplayer-magnus-carlsen-defends-his-world-chess-championship-title-after-defeating-vishy-anand-o.md) _Context: Russia, Sochi_
10. [Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina, former members of Pussy Riot, are arrested and subsequently released after protesting during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. ](/news/2014/02/19/nadezhda-tolokonnikova-and-maria-alyokhina-former-members-of-pussy-riot-are-arrested-and-subsequently-released-after-protesting-during-the.md) _Context: 2014 Winter Olympics, Sochi_
