### [2010-06-7](/news/2010/06/7/index.md)

# Polish officials say 6,000 Polish zloty were withdrawn using credit cards stolen from a passenger killed in the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash near Smolensk. Poland says four soldiers have been arrested, while Russia denies this.  




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10256658.stm)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-ppolish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Poland, Russia, Smolensk_
2. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-pthe-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Poland, Russia, Smolensk_
3. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Poland, Russia_
4. [The body of Poland's First Lady, Maria Kaczynska, is flown to Warsaw to lie in state alongside that of her husband, President Lech Kaczynski. Poland has seen an outpouring of grief since the couple and scores of other senior Polish officials died in a plane crash in western Russia on Saturday. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-body-of-poland-s-first-lady-maria-kaczyaska-is-flown-to-warsaw-to-lie-in-state-alongside-that-of-her-husband-president-lech-kaczyas.md) _Context: 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash, Poland, Russia_
5. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: Poland, Russia_
6. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Poland, Russia_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Poland, Russia_
8. [NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments-in-bolstering-its-pr.md) _Context: Poland, Russia_
9. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: Poland, Russia_
10. [NATO's  Aegis Ashore Ballistic Missile Defense System becomes partly operational at Romania's Deveselu airbase, as U.S. Navy personnel takes control of the site after years of construction. Aegis Ashore facilities in Romania form part of NATO's European missile defence system, with another site under construction in Poland expected to become operational by 2018. The United States Ambassador to Romania Hans G. Klemm says that they have explained to the Russians on numerous occasions that the missile system is, "not directed at Russia, nor does it have the capability to threaten Russia." The head of Russia's Strategic Missile Troops, Colonel General Sergei Karakayev, has dismissed the purported effectiveness of the missile defense system, saying Moscow develops "brand new and effective means and techniques to penetrate any missile defense system". ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-s-aegis-ashore-ballistic-missile-defense-system-becomes-partly-operational-at-romania-s-deveselu-airbase-as-u-s-navy-personnel-takes.md) _Context: Poland, Russia_
