### [2010-06-7](/news/2010/06/7/index.md)

# Two people die and 14 others are injured when a car ploughs into a crowd of spectators at a rally for World Environment Day in Gatsibo, Rwanda. 

Two people are killed and 14 others injured in Rwanda after a car ploughs into a crowd of spectators at a rally.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10255792.stm)
2. [Times Live](http://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/Motorsport/article491602.ece/Two-dead-in-Rwanda-rally-crash)

### Related:

1. [Actor Don Cheadle is appointed as Goodwill Ambassador for the United Nations environment agency during a ceremony in Rwanda to mark World Environment Day. ](/news/2010/06/5/actor-don-cheadle-is-appointed-as-goodwill-ambassador-for-the-united-nations-environment-agency-during-a-ceremony-in-rwanda-to-mark-world-en.md) _Context: Rwanda, World Environment Day_
2. [Rwanda, the East African country that is embracing a transition to a Green economy, will be the global host of World Environment Day on 5 June 2010. ](/news/2010/02/17/rwanda-the-east-african-country-that-is-embracing-a-transition-to-a-green-economy-will-be-the-global-host-of-world-environment-day-on-5-ju.md) _Context: Rwanda, World Environment Day_
3. [Rwandan presidential election, 2017: Voters in Rwanda go to the polls to elect their president. Paul Kagame, incumbent since 2000, referred to the election as a formality, despite challenges from the Democratic Greens' Frank Habineza and independent Philippe Mpayimana. Kagame is re-elected with 98.66 of the vote. ](/news/2017/08/4/rwandan-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-rwanda-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-president-paul-kagame-incumbent-since-2000-referred.md) _Context: Rwanda_
4. [2016 Tanzanian earthquake: A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/2016-tanzanian-earthquake-a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuri.md) _Context: Rwanda_
5. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda_
6. [ Rwandan genocide: A Swedish court sentences Claver Berinkindi, a 61-year-old Swedish citizen originally from Rwanda, to life in prison for participation in the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ](/news/2016/05/16/rwandan-genocide-a-swedish-court-sentences-claver-berinkindi-a-61-year-old-swedish-citizen-originally-from-rwanda-to-life-in-prison-for.md) _Context: Rwanda_
7. [Two people are burned alive amid xenophobic riots in Lusaka, Zambia. The riots started after rumours spread that Rwandans were behind recent ritual killings in the city. More than 250 people have been arrested after more than 60 Rwandan-owned shops were looted in two days of violence. ](/news/2016/04/20/two-people-are-burned-alive-amid-xenophobic-riots-in-lusaka-zambia-the-riots-started-after-rumours-spread-that-rwandans-were-behind-recent.md) _Context: Rwanda_
8. [Authorities in Rwanda jail former politician Leon Mugesera for life. Mugesera was known for describing Tutsis as "cockroaches" and called for their extermination in a speech in 1992 and is said to be a precursor to the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2016/04/15/authorities-in-rwanda-jail-former-politician-la-c-on-mugesera-for-life-mugesera-was-known-for-describing-tutsis-as-cockroaches-and-called-f.md) _Context: Rwanda_
9. [Rwandan constitutional referendum, 2015: Rwandans vote overwhelmingly to lift constitutional restrictions that will allow President Paul Kagame to run for more terms in office. The National Electoral Commission reports more than 98 percent of voters approved the referendum. Final official results will be released Monday. ](/news/2015/12/19/rwandan-constitutional-referendum-2015-rwandans-vote-overwhelmingly-to-lift-constitutional-restrictions-that-will-allow-president-paul-kag.md) _Context: Rwanda_
10. [Civil war in the Central African Republic: A Rwandan soldier attached to MINUSCA goes on a shooting spree in Bangui, killing four fellow UN peacekeepers and injuring another eight before turning the gun on himself. ](/news/2015/08/8/civil-war-in-the-central-african-republic-a-rwandan-soldier-attached-to-minusca-goes-on-a-shooting-spree-in-bangui-killing-four-fellow-un.md) _Context: Rwanda_
