### [2004-10-13](/news/2004/10/13/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". 




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=FF571212-3F71-4F02-AF405BAB6DFF3C38&title=China%20Rejects%20Calls%20for%20Peace%20Talks%20with%20Taiwan&catOID=45C9C78B-88AD-11D4-A57200A0CC5EE46C&categoryname=Asia%20Pacific)

### Related:

1. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, independence, the Republic of China_
2. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, independence, the Republic of China_
3. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, the Republic of China_
4. [ The People's Republic of China expresses firm opposition to US restrictions on imports of textiles (from mainland China) and vows to take the dispute to the WTO. Abandoning tolerance toward Taiwan for the first time since 2000, the PRC threatens to use force and, ultimately, conduct war against Taiwan if it pursues independence. The PRC's state press condemns Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian's move toward holding a referendum on "independence" and providing the legislative framework for declaring a Republic of Taiwan.](/news/2003/11/19/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-firm-opposition-to-us-restrictions-on-imports-of-textiles-from-mainland-china-and-vows-to-take-t.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, independence_
5. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
6. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
7. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
8. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, independence_
9. [ Wu Shu-chen, the wife of the President of the Republic of China, is indicted on corruption charges by Taiwan prosecutors. President Chen Shui-bian is not indicted due to presidential immunity, but prosecutors say he will be charged once he is no longer president. ](/news/2006/11/3/wu-shu-chen-the-wife-of-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-is-indicted-on-corruption-charges-by-taiwan-prosecutors-president-chen-sh.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
10. [ Hundreds of thousands of people made a protest against President Chen Shui-bian in Taipei, Taiwan, surrounding Office of the President, where Chen took part in ceremony marking Double Tenth Day. ](/news/2006/10/10/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-made-a-protest-against-president-chen-shui-bian-in-taipei-taiwan-surrounding-office-of-the-president-whe.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, the Republic of China_
