### [2009-10-27](/news/2009/10/27/index.md)

#  Qatar inaugurates one of the world's largest LNG trains, operated by RasGas. 

Gulf Times - Qatar’s top-selling English daily newspaper published in Qatar and provide the latest information on weather, currency rates, Prayer in addition to the latest developments in the political events, economic, sporting, cultural and artistic locally and internationally, and much much more


### Source:

1. [Gulf Times](http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=322669&version=1&template_id=57&parent_id=56)
2. [The Peninsula](http://www.thepeninsulaqatar.com/Display_news.asp?section=business_news&month=october2009&file=business_news2009102784553.xml)
3. [Al Bawaba](http://www.albawaba.com/en/countries/Qatar/255999)

### Related:

1. [RasGas, a joint venture of Qatar Petroleum and ExxonMobil, starts its seventh LNG train, ensuring Qatar's position as the world's biggest producer of liquefied natural gas. ](/news/2010/02/24/rasgas-a-joint-venture-of-qatar-petroleum-and-exxonmobil-starts-its-seventh-lng-train-ensuring-qatar-s-position-as-the-world-s-biggest-pr.md) _Context: LNG train, Qatar, RasGas_
2. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death.  ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Qatar_
3. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Qatar_
4. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Qatar_
5. [The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners.  The  representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process.  ](/news/2016/04/27/the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisoners-the-representa.md) _Context: Qatar_
6. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Qatar_
7. [President of FIFA Gianni Infantino says a new independent committee will be set up to monitor working conditions at Qatar's 2022 World Cup venues. The move is an attempt by the world football's governing body to ease fears of human rights abuses in the state, where organizations like Amnesty International documented multiple cases of poor working conditions and abuses against migrant workers. ](/news/2016/04/22/president-of-fifa-gianni-infantino-says-a-new-independent-committee-will-be-set-up-to-monitor-working-conditions-at-qatar-s-2022-world-cup-v.md) _Context: Qatar_
8. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say  the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation  to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Qatar_
9. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: Qatar_
10. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Qatar_
