### [2007-11-23](/news/2007/11/23/index.md)

#  An Israeli psychiatrist and reserve officer is charged with giving classified information to Iran, Russia and Hamas. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7109267.stm)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli government outlaws the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel, declaring it "an illegal organization". The northern branch of the Islamic Movement is led by Raed Salah, who has been convicted in court of numerous activities, including funding Hamas, contacting an Iranian agent, assaulting a police officer, and leading a violent protest. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-israeli-government-outlaws-the-northern-branch-of-the-islamic-movement-in-israel-declaring-it-an-illegal-organization-the-northern-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin lifts the ban on delivery of S-300 missile air defense systems to Iran in connection to the nuclear dialogue. Israel and the United States oppose the deal on the grounds that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.  ](/news/2015/04/13/russian-president-vladimir-putin-lifts-the-ban-on-delivery-of-s-300-missile-air-defense-systems-to-iran-in-connection-to-the-nuclear-dialogu.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Russia_
3. [Nigeria intercepts a weapons shipment including artillery rockets, originating in Iran, after Israeli officials accused Iran of trying to smuggle the weapons into the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/10/31/nigeria-intercepts-a-weapons-shipment-including-artillery-rockets-originating-in-iran-after-israeli-officials-accused-iran-of-trying-to-sm.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel_
4. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes Israel in a three-day conference attended by Palestinian Hamas officials. He calls the Israeli regime "a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm." ](/news/2006/04/14/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-criticizes-israel-in-a-three-day-conference-attended-by-palestinian-hamas-officials-he-calls-the-isr.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel_
5. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
7. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
8. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
9. [Iran confirms that Russia will stop using its Hamadan Airbase to launch attacks in Syria, saying Russia's use of Hamadan Airbase was "temporary, based on a Russian request," and that Russian operations are "finished for now". Iranian Defence Minister Hossein Dehghan earlier criticized Russia's announcement of its use of the base in Iran, saying "There has been a kind of showing-off and inconsiderate attitude behind the announcement of this news." ](/news/2016/08/22/iran-confirms-that-russia-will-stop-using-its-hamadan-airbase-to-launch-attacks-in-syria-saying-russia-s-use-of-hamadan-airbase-was-tempor.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
10. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
