### [2007-11-23](/news/2007/11/23/index.md)

#  The ice breaker/cruise ship MS Explorer sinks in the Southern Ocean after striking an iceberg. Everyone aboard is rescued.




### Related:

1. [Larsen Ice Shelf: A giant iceberg covering approximately 6000|km2|sqmi breaks away from the Larsen C Ice Shelf in Antarctica. ](/news/2017/07/12/larsen-ice-shelf-a-giant-iceberg-covering-approximately-6000-km2-sqmi-breaks-away-from-the-larsen-c-ice-shelf-in-antarctica.md) _Context: iceberg_
2. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: An article in "New York" magazine speculates that the pilot may have deliberately crashed the plane into the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2016/07/23/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-an-article-in-new-york-magazine-speculates-that-the-pilot-may-have-deliberately-crashed-the-plane-into-the-s.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
4. [Whaling in Japan: Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
5. [Whaling in Japan: Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
6. [Sinking of the "Dong Fang Zhi Xing": The death toll from the Monday night sinking of the cruise ship in the Yangtze River rises to 75 with most of the 450 passengers on board still missing. ](/news/2015/06/4/sinking-of-the-dong-fang-zhi-xing-the-death-toll-from-the-monday-night-sinking-of-the-cruise-ship-in-the-yangtze-river-rises-to-75-with-m.md) _Context: cruise ship_
7. ["Costa Concordia" disaster: Efforts to refloat the Italian cruise ship "Costa Concordia" begin off the coast of Italy two and a half years after it sank. ](/news/2014/07/14/costa-concordia-disaster-efforts-to-refloat-the-italian-cruise-ship-costa-concordia-begin-off-the-coast-of-italy-two-and-a-half-years-a.md) _Context: cruise ship_
8. [A gigantic iceberg is floating in the Southern Ocean after breaking off the Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-gigantic-iceberg-is-floating-in-the-southern-ocean-after-breaking-off-the-pine-island-glacier-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
9. [Japanese whaling vessels clash with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Neptune's Navy boats in the Southern Ocean with the MY "Steve Irwin" and MY "Bob Barker" sustaining damage. ](/news/2013/02/20/japanese-whaling-vessels-clash-with-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-neptune-s-navy-boats-in-the-southern-ocean-with-the-my-steve-irwin-a.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
10. [Cruise ship "Carnival Triumph" suffers a fire in the aft engine room. The fire is automatically extinguished, but it results in a loss of power and propulsion. There are no casualties or injuries to passengers or crew. ](/news/2013/02/10/cruise-ship-carnival-triumph-suffers-a-fire-in-the-aft-engine-room-the-fire-is-automatically-extinguished-but-it-results-in-a-loss-of-po.md) _Context: cruise ship_
