### [2007-11-23](/news/2007/11/23/index.md)

#  The term of Lebanese President Emile Lahoud ends with no successor and a political dispute over who is in power. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7110202.stm)

### Related:

1. [In Lebanon, President Michel Suleiman asks Tammam Salam, a legislator and a former minister of culture, to head a new cabinet after a vast majority of the members of Parliament chose him for the job. ](/news/2013/04/6/in-lebanon-president-michel-suleiman-asks-tammam-salam-a-legislator-and-a-former-minister-of-culture-to-head-a-new-cabinet-after-a-vast-m.md) _Context: Lebanon, President of Lebanon_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, President of Lebanon_
3. [ Cedar Revolution:. In Lebanon, opposition leaders blame Syria for the death of Samir Qasir and demand resignation of president mile Lahoud ](/news/2005/06/3/cedar-revolution-in-lebanon-opposition-leaders-blame-syria-for-the-death-of-samir-qasir-and-demand-resignation-of-president-emile-lahoud.md) _Context: Emile Lahoud, Lebanon_
4. [ In Lebanon, victorious anti-Syria coalition demands resignation of pro-Syrian president mile Lahoud. They hold him responsible for assassinations of opposition figures ](/news/2005/06/23/in-lebanon-victorious-anti-syria-coalition-demands-resignation-of-pro-syrian-president-emile-lahoud-they-hold-him-responsible-for-assassi.md) _Context: Emile Lahoud, Lebanon_
5. [ Lebanese President mile Lahoud, reappoints Omar Karami as Prime Minister of Lebanon and asks him to form a new government, less than two weeks after Karami resigned in the face of anti-Syrian protests. ](/news/2005/03/10/lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-reappoints-omar-karami-as-prime-minister-of-lebanon-and-asks-him-to-form-a-new-government-less-than-two-w.md) _Context: Emile Lahoud, Lebanon_
6. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [Lebanese presidential election, 2014-2016. Michel Aoun is elected President of Lebanon following 29 months of parliamentary deadlock to fill the position. ](/news/2016/10/31/lebanese-presidential-election-2014-2016-michel-aoun-is-elected-president-of-lebanon-following-29-months-of-parliamentary-deadlock-to-fi.md) _Context: President of Lebanon_
