### [2011-10-31](/news/2011/10/31/index.md)

# UNESCO becomes the first United Nations agency to admit Palestine as a full member, with the United States withdrawing funding in protest. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Adelaide Now](http://www.adelaidenow.com.au/news/world/palestinians-admitted-to-unesco/story-e6frea8l-1226182049014?from=public_rss)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-20128358/u.s-cuts-unesco-funding-after-palestinian-vote/)

### Related:

1. [UNESCO suspends the voting rights of the United States and Israel after both countries refused to pay their dues as a protest to the membership of the State of Palestine. ](/news/2013/11/8/unesco-suspends-the-voting-rights-of-the-united-states-and-israel-after-both-countries-refused-to-pay-their-dues-as-a-protest-to-the-members.md) _Context: Palestinian, UNESCO, United States_
2. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Palestinian, United Nations, United States_
3. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
4. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
5. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
6. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
7. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
8. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
9. [The United States rejects the invitation of Iran by the United Nations in peace talks involving Syria. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-united-states-rejects-the-invitation-of-iran-by-the-united-nations-in-peace-talks-involving-syria.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
10. [North Korea demands an end to United Nations sanctions on the country as a condition for dialogue with the United States. ](/news/2013/04/18/north-korea-demands-an-end-to-united-nations-sanctions-on-the-country-as-a-condition-for-dialogue-with-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
