### [2008-06-4](/news/2008/06/4/index.md)

#  Tony Rezko, a Chicago property developer and former fundraiser for Barack Obama, is convicted on 16 charges of corruption. 




### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune'' via ''Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/nation/la-na-rezko4-2008jun04,0,3596610.story)

### Related:

1. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. president Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Chicago, Obama_
2. [Barack Obama chooses his home city of Chicago for his presidential library. ](/news/2016/07/27/barack-obama-chooses-his-home-city-of-chicago-for-his-presidential-library.md) _Context: Chicago, Obama_
3. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Chicago, Obama_
4. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Chicago, Obama_
5. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: Chicago_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Obama_
7. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Obama_
8. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama_
9. [The Driehaus Architecture Prize for New Classical architecture is awarded to Robert Adam in Chicago. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-driehaus-architecture-prize-for-new-classical-architecture-is-awarded-to-robert-adam-in-chicago.md) _Context: Chicago_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Obama_
