### [2017-09-13](/news/2017/09/13/index.md)

# In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/13/politics/chuck-schumer-nancy-pelosi-donald-trump/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduce.md) _Context: Democratic, President, United States_
2. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Democratic, President, United States_
3. [ Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mccain-becoming-the-first-african-am.md) _Context: Democratic, President, United States_
4. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Democratic, President_
5. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic, President_
6. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: President, United States_
7. [In Democratic Party congressional leadership elections, U.S. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is re-elected, holding off the challenge by Tim Ryan. Democratic whip Steny Hoyer is also re-elected. Current caucus vice chair Joseph Crowley takes the caucus chairmanship. Linda Sanchez, in a three-way race, is elected the new vice chair. ](/news/2016/11/30/in-democratic-party-congressional-leadership-elections-u-s-house-minority-leader-nancy-pelosi-is-re-elected-holding-off-the-challenge-by.md) _Context: Democratic, Nancy Pelosi_
8. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: President, United States_
9. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: Democratic, President_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama ends the American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country. ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: President, United States_
