### [2017-09-13](/news/2017/09/13/index.md)

# The United States Supreme Court sides (5-4) with the state of Texas on not redistricting congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. 

At issue is whether the congressional map Texas adopted in 2013 violates the Constitution and intentionally discriminates.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/blogs/under-the-radar/2017/09/12/supreme-court-blocks-ruling-against-texas-redistricting-242644)
2. [The Houston Chronicle](http://www.houstonchronicle.com/news/houston-texas/houston/article/Court-blocks-redrawing-Texas-maps-12193259.php)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a law that would have required abortion clinics in Texas to upgrade in order to meet new "hospital-like" standards. Supporters of abortion rights said that the proposed law would force nearly all abortion clinics in the state to shut down, while their opponents argued for women's health benefits. ](/news/2016/06/27/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-strikes-down-a-law-that-would-have-required-abortion-clinics-in-texas-to-upgrade-in-order-to-meet-new.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
2. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital. A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments a few weeks ago on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortion.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
3. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, redistricting_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court rejected a request from Texas and other states for a 30-day extension to file legal briefs in support of the lawsuit to block the immigration plan. Instead, the justices accepted the Justice Department's request for a shortened eight-day extension, meaning that if the court decides to take the case, a decision would probably come by late June. The court is not expected to decide until January whether to take the case. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-u-s-supreme-court-rejected-a-request-from-texas-and-other-states-for-a-30-day-extension-to-file-legal-briefs-in-support-of-the-lawsuit.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
5. [The Supreme Court of the United States halts the execution of Duane Buck for double murder in Texas while it reviews his case that the sentence was unfair because of a question asked about race during his trial. ](/news/2011/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-halts-the-execution-of-duane-buck-for-double-murder-in-texas-while-it-reviews-his-case-that-the-sente.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
6. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Tropical depression Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/tropical-depression-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threatening-storm.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-delivery.md) _Context: Texas_
