### [2005-05-2](/news/2005/05/2/index.md)

#  Following an Israeli raid on the Palestinian city of Tulkarm, one Israeli soldier and one Islamic Jihad leader are killed. The soldier was killed in a gunfight with 3 members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The three were suspected to have been part of the cell which was involved in Tel Aviv "Stage" club bombing in February 2005. Shafiq Abdul Rani, the leader of the Jihad cell in Tulkarm was killed and another militant was arrested. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4504907.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/571284.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/571302.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
2. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
3. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Tel Aviv_
4. [ A suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the West Bank city of Tulkarm, killing one Israeli soldier, two Palestinian civilians and himself. Islamic Jihad has claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/12/29/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-checkpoint-near-the-west-bank-city-of-tulkarm-killing-one-israeli-soldier-two-palestinian-civilians-and-himsel.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tulkarm_
5. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Tulkarm_
6. [ Israeli troops kill Mohammed Abu Hazneh, a member of Palestinian Islamic Jihad and an alleged plotter of the recent Tel Aviv "Stage" nightclub suicide bombing. After he killed a K9 dog, the troops bulldozed his house, crushing him to death. ](/news/2005/03/10/israeli-troops-kill-mohammed-abu-hazneh-a-member-of-palestinian-islamic-jihad-and-an-alleged-plotter-of-the-recent-tel-aviv-stage-nightc.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
7. [ Terrorist incident: A double suicide bombing shatters a busy area of Tel Aviv, Israel. 23 people are killed and about 100 are wounded. Both the Islamic Jihad and Hamas claim to be responsible for the double bombing.](/news/2003/01/5/terrorist-incident-a-double-suicide-bombing-shatters-a-busy-area-of-tel-aviv-israel-23-people-are-killed-and-about-100-are-wounded-both.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
8. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [A Tel Aviv, Israel, four story parking lot under construction collapses and kills at least two people and injures 18 others. ](/news/2016/09/5/a-tel-aviv-israel-four-story-parking-lot-under-construction-collapses-and-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-18-others.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
