### [2012-03-17](/news/2012/03/17/index.md)

# Nazi war criminal John Demjanjuk, convicted of accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews during The Holocaust, dies at the age of 91. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17414127)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust." Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Holocaust, Jewish_
2. [ The trial of suspected Nazi death camp guard John Demjanjuk is postponed after he is taken ill. ](/news/2009/12/2/the-trial-of-suspected-nazi-death-camp-guard-john-demjanjuk-is-postponed-after-he-is-taken-ill.md) _Context: John Demjanjuk, Nazi_
3. [ Germany announces new charges against John Demjanjuk in the deaths of 29,000 people at the Sobibor extermination camp in Poland during the Holocaust. ](/news/2008/11/11/germany-announces-new-charges-against-john-demjanjuk-in-the-deaths-of-29-000-people-at-the-sobibor-extermination-camp-in-poland-during-the.md) _Context: Holocaust, John Demjanjuk_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: Holocaust_
5. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Jewish_
6. [An arsonist firebombs a Republican Party office in Hillsborough, North Carolina, and leaves a graffiti message reading, "Nazi Republicans get out of town or else." ](/news/2016/10/16/an-arsonist-firebombs-a-republican-party-office-in-hillsborough-north-carolina-and-leaves-a-graffiti-message-reading-nazi-republicans-ge.md) _Context: Nazi_
7. [Palestine-United Kingdom relations. The Palestinian National Authority says it is planning to sue the United Kingdom over the 1917 Balfour Declaration. Palestinian Foreign Affairs Minister Riyad al-Maliki says the document led to mass Jewish immigration to British Mandatory Palestine, "at the expense of our Palestinian people". ](/news/2016/07/26/palestine-united-kingdom-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-it-is-planning-to-sue-the-united-kingdom-over-the-1917-balfour.md) _Context: Jewish_
8. [Israel-s Holocaust and Remembrance Center posthumously adds U.S. Army Master Sergeant Roddie Edmonds to the list of the Righteous Among the Nations for his actions in 1945 at a Nazi prisoner of war camp. ](/news/2015/12/3/israel-s-holocaust-and-remembrance-center-posthumously-adds-u-s-army-master-sergeant-roddie-edmonds-to-the-list-of-the-righteous-among-th.md) _Context: Nazi_
9. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: Jewish_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts controversial comments he made about Nazi policies during World War 2, saying he never meant to claim that an Islamic leader Amin al-Husseini persuaded Adolf Hitler to adopt a policy to kill European Jews. ](/news/2015/10/31/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-retracts-controversial-comments-he-made-about-nazi-policies-during-world-war-2-saying-he-never-me.md) _Context: Nazi_
