### [2010-03-30](/news/2010/03/30/index.md)

# The 2010 South American Games are officially closed, with Colombia winning the most gold medals and Brazil just a little over 10 medals behind.




### Related:

1. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Colombia_
2. [ Tomas Medina Caracas (known by his nom de guerre "Negro Acacio"), one of FARC's most important leaders and the liaison between this Colombian guerrilla and Brazilian drug dealers, is killed in action by Colombian armed forces in Guaviare. ](/news/2007/09/3/toma-s-medina-caracas-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-negro-acacio-one-of-farc-s-most-important-leaders-and-the-liaison-between-this-colomb.md) _Context: Brazil, Colombia_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush departs on a tour of Latin America that will take him to Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Guatemala and Mexico. Upon arrival in SGBPo Paulo he is greeted with protest demonstrations. ](/news/2007/03/8/u-s-president-george-w-bush-departs-on-a-tour-of-latin-america-that-will-take-him-to-brazil-uruguay-colombia-guatemala-and-mexico-upo.md) _Context: Brazil, Colombia_
4. [ The leaders of Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia and Spain meet in Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela. They agree to resist drug trafficking, terrorism and poverty. ](/news/2005/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-venezuela-colombia-and-spain-meet-in-ciudad-guayana-venezuela-they-agree-to-resist-drug-trafficking-terrorism-an.md) _Context: Brazil, Colombia_
5. [ Brazil offers to mediate between Colombia and Venezuela in a disagreement about the capture of Rodrigo Granda. ](/news/2005/01/20/brazil-offers-to-mediate-between-colombia-and-venezuela-in-a-disagreement-about-the-capture-of-rodrigo-granda.md) _Context: Brazil, Colombia_
6. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at-least-ten-lives.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Brazil_
