### [2010-02-9](/news/2010/02/9/index.md)

# The Italian Embassy in Iran is attacked by protesters unhappy with Italy's decision to scale back economic dealings and push for tighter sanctions and protests are also held outside French and Dutch embassies. 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=168230)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Dutch, France, Italian_
2. [France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-to-prevent-italian-shipbuild.md) _Context: France, Italian_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: France, Italian_
4. [ During a visit to Iran, Prime Minister of Italy Matteo Renzi signs various bilateral agreements to enhance relations between the two countries, including plans for cooperation between the Italian electricity and gas company Enel and the National Iranian Oil Company. ](/news/2016/04/12/during-a-visit-to-iran-prime-minister-of-italy-matteo-renzi-signs-various-bilateral-agreements-to-enhance-relations-between-the-two-countr.md) _Context: Iran, Italian_
5. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: France, Italian_
6. [A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-italy-two-germans-an.md) _Context: France, Italian_
7. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Italian_
8. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: France, Italian_
9. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, Italian_
10. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: France, Iran_
