### [2015-01-11](/news/2015/01/11/index.md)

# "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. Thousands of police and military personnel prepare to secure a Paris unity rally with up to a million people expected to attend. 

Arson attack on German newspaper that printed Charlie Hebdo cartoons - A building of German newspaper Hamburger Morgenpost was the target of an arson attack and two suspects were arrested, police said on Sunday. Like many other German newspapers, Hamburger Morgenpost had printed cartoons of French satire magazine Charlie Hebdo after the deadly attack on Wednesday in Paris. A police spokeswoman said that an incendiary device was thrown at the newspaper building in the night and documents were burned inside. Two suspects were arrested near the crime scene because they behaved in an unusual manner, she added.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/pa/article-2904975/Huge-security-Paris-unity-march.html)
2. [Reuters via DNA](http://www.dnaindia.com/world/report-arson-attack-on-german-newspaper-that-printed-charlie-hebdo-cartoons-2051604)

### Related:

1. [January 2016 Paris police station attack. French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/january-2016-paris-police-station-attack-french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-s.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
2. [Curtis Culwell Center attack: Two gunmen attacked the Curtis Culwell Center in the US city of Garland, Texas, which is holding an exhibition of drawings of the Prophet Muhammad. Both gunman were shot dead by police. Their car was found to contain no explosives. One security guard was hospitalized and is expected to recover. The attacks were reminiscent of the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris in January 2015. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/05/3/curtis-culwell-center-attack-two-gunmen-attacked-the-curtis-culwell-center-in-the-us-city-of-garland-texas-which-is-holding-an-exhibition.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
3. ["Charlie Hebdo" shooting. The two suspect brothers take a hostage at a sign printing company, Creation Tendance Decouverte, in the French town of Dammartin-en-Goele. ](/news/2015/01/9/charlie-hebdo-shooting-the-two-suspect-brothers-take-a-hostage-at-a-sign-printing-company-cra-c-ation-tendance-da-c-couverte-in-the-french.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
4. ["Charlie Hebdo" shooting. One of the suspects in the killings, Hamyd Mourad, voluntarily surrenders to police in Charleville-Mezieres while the other two suspects are still at large. ](/news/2015/01/8/charlie-hebdo-shooting-one-of-the-suspects-in-the-killings-hamyd-mourad-voluntarily-surrenders-to-police-in-charleville-ma-c-zia-res-whil.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
5. ["Charlie Hebdo" shooting. Gunmen attack the Paris office of the French satirical magazine "Charlie Hebdo", killing twelve people and injuring ten. Some witnesses report that the gunmen identified themselves as belonging to al-Qaeda in Yemen. A 2011 issue had depicted a cartoon of the Islamic prophet Muhammed. ](/news/2015/01/7/charlie-hebdo-shooting-gunmen-attack-the-paris-office-of-the-french-satirical-magazine-charlie-hebdo-killing-twelve-people-and-injurin.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
6. ["Charlie Hebdo" publishes an edition as a counterpoint to the "Charlie Hebdo" shootings. ](/news/2015/01/14/charlie-hebdo-publishes-an-edition-as-a-counterpoint-to-the-charlie-hebdo-shootings.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
7. ["Charlie Hebdo" shooting. France announces plans to deploy 10,000 troops to protect sensitive sites across the country beginning tonight. ](/news/2015/01/13/charlie-hebdo-shooting-france-announces-plans-to-deploy-10-000-troops-to-protect-sensitive-sites-across-the-country-beginning-tonight.md) _Context: ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting_
