### [2015-01-11](/news/2015/01/11/index.md)

# Public photographs become available of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket after the experimental recovery attempt of the first stage fails and crash-lands on a floating platform in the SpaceX CRS-5 resupply mission. 




### Source:

1. [Space Flight Now](http://spaceflightnow.com/2015/01/11/photos-spacexs-rocket-landing-platform-back-in-port/)

### Related:

1. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida, as part of boosting its Dragon spacecraft into space for a Monday arrival at the ISS in the SpaceX CRS-5 resupply mission. However, an experimental recovery attempt of the first stage fails when it crash-lands on a floating platform possibly due to insufficient hydraulic fluid, resulting in damage to the platform. The state of the destruction of the launch vehicle is publically unknown. ](/news/2015/01/10/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-cape-canaveral-florida-as-part-of-boosting-its-dragon-spacecraft-into-space-for-a-mond.md) _Context: Falcon 9, SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5, fails, floating platform, reusable main-stage booster_
2. [SpaceX  launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: SpaceX, reusable main-stage booster_
3. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5_
4. [Public video emerges of the January 10 SpaceX CRS-5 mission Falcon 9 failed landing. ](/news/2015/01/16/public-video-emerges-of-the-january-10-spacex-crs-5-mission-falcon-9-failed-landing.md) _Context: SpaceX, SpaceX CRS-5_
5. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: SpaceX_
6. [United Launch Alliance says it was not given an opportunity to bid against rival SpaceX for the upcoming launch of the U.S. Air Force miniature X-37B space plane. The  Air Force declined to comment. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-launch-alliance-says-it-was-not-given-an-opportunity-to-bid-against-rival-spacex-for-the-upcoming-launch-of-the-u-s-air-force-miniat.md) _Context: SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: SpaceX_
8. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: SpaceX_
9. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: SpaceX_
10. [SpaceX announces that it will take two space tourists on an orbit of the Moon in 2018. ](/news/2017/02/27/spacex-announces-that-it-will-take-two-space-tourists-on-an-orbit-of-the-moon-in-2018.md) _Context: SpaceX_
