### [2010-06-17](/news/2010/06/17/index.md)

# 2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis and 2010 South Kyrgyzstan riots:. Around 2,000 people mass in Osh Airport.. China flies 960 nationals home from Kyrgyzstan; evacuation continues. [http://eng.kabar.kg/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=285&Itemid=1 (Kabar)]. Kyrgyzstan unrest death toll rises to 192. 913 people were hospitalized. [http://eng.24.kg/community/2010/06/18/12159.html (24)][http://www.itar-tass.com/eng/level2.html?NewsID=15233886&PageNum=0 (ITAR)]. Kyrgyz Central Election Commission accredits Kazakh CEC Chair and his assistant to observe constitutional referendum.




### Related:

1. [31 people are injured following the crash-landing of a passenger jet at Osh Airport in southern Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2011/12/28/31-people-are-injured-following-the-crash-landing-of-a-passenger-jet-at-osh-airport-in-southern-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Osh Airport_
2. [Navi Pillay states that Kyrgyzstan is detaining hundreds of people and using torture on some of them during the ongoing crisis. ](/news/2010/07/20/navi-pillay-states-that-kyrgyzstan-is-detaining-hundreds-of-people-and-using-torture-on-some-of-them-during-the-ongoing-crisis.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, the ongoing crisis_
3. [Kyrgyzstan approves a new constitution with 90.6 percent of voters backing a constitution that would pave the way for a parliamentary election in October, following the violence of the recent uprising and riots. ](/news/2010/06/28/kyrgyzstan-approves-a-new-constitution-with-90-6-percent-of-voters-backing-a-constitution-that-would-pave-the-way-for-a-parliamentary-electi.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, ethnic riots_
4. [A constitutional referendum in Kyrgyzstan is criticized for fears the country would destabilize. ](/news/2010/06/27/a-constitutional-referendum-in-kyrgyzstan-is-criticized-for-fears-the-country-would-destabilize.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, constitutional referendum_
5. [The death toll from unrest in southern Kyrgyzstan riots reaches 251. ](/news/2010/06/22/the-death-toll-from-unrest-in-southern-kyrgyzstan-riots-reaches-251.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, ethnic riots_
6. [2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis and 2010 South Kyrgyzstan riots:. Death toll rises to 180 near Osh, Jalalabad city and the Suzak region. ](/news/2010/06/15/2010-kyrgyzstan-crisis-and-2010-south-kyrgyzstan-riots-death-toll-rises-to-180-near-osh-jalalabad-city-and-the-suzak-region.md) _Context: ethnic riots, the ongoing crisis_
7. [2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis and 2010 South Kyrgyzstan riots:. Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon expresses "alarm" at events in Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2010/06/14/2010-kyrgyzstan-crisis-and-2010-south-kyrgyzstan-riots-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-expresses-alarm-at-events-in.md) _Context: ethnic riots, the ongoing crisis_
8. [2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis:. Tensions remain high in Kyrgyzstan, with police patrolling the streets and special forces standing guard in the city of Osh and Jalal-Abad, after ethnic clashes left more than 100 people dead and about 1,400 others injured since fighting broke out Thursday night. ](/news/2010/06/13/2010-kyrgyzstan-crisis-tensions-remain-high-in-kyrgyzstan-with-police-patrolling-the-streets-and-special-forces-standing-guard-in-the-cit.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, the ongoing crisis_
9. [2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis:. Roza Otunbayeva, Kyrgyzstan's interim president, asks Russia to send troops to quell ethnic violence in the southern city of Osh. ](/news/2010/06/12/2010-kyrgyzstan-crisis-roza-otunbayeva-kyrgyzstan-s-interim-president-asks-russia-to-send-troops-to-quell-ethnic-violence-in-the-souther.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, the ongoing crisis_
10. [2010 Kyrgyzstan crisis:. Riots erupt in the southern city of Osh killing at least 45, and injuring over a hundred others. The violence comes just over two months after violent riots in Bishkek toppled Kurmanbek Bakiyev's government, and only days ahead of a critical constitutional referendum. ](/news/2010/06/11/2010-kyrgyzstan-crisis-riots-erupt-in-the-southern-city-of-osh-killing-at-least-45-and-injuring-over-a-hundred-others-the-violence-comes.md) _Context: constitutional referendum, the ongoing crisis_
