### [2010-06-17](/news/2010/06/17/index.md)

# A four-year Canadian inquiry concludes that a "cascading series of errors" led to the bombing of Air India Flight 182 which crashed into the Atlantic Ocean south of Ireland on 23 June 1985, killing all 329 people on board. 

A &quot;cascading series of errors&quot; led to the 1985 bombing of an Air India jet that killed 329 people, an inquiry in Canada concludes.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/06/2010617155851683807.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/us_and_canada/10344125.stm)

### Related:

1. [25th anniversary of Air India Flight 182:Relatives of those killed in Air India Flight 182 gather with diplomats and politicians from Canada, India and Ireland in Cork to mark the 25th anniversary with a memorial service. ](/news/2010/06/23/25th-anniversary-of-air-india-flight-182-prelatives-of-those-killed-in-air-india-flight-182-gather-with-diplomats-and-politicians-from-canad.md) _Context: Air India Flight 182, Canada, Ireland_
2. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Canada, Ireland_
3. [ One person is killed and 16 are missing after Cougar Helicopters Flight 491 ditches into the Atlantic Ocean near St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. ](/news/2009/03/12/one-person-is-killed-and-16-are-missing-after-cougar-helicopters-flight-491-ditches-into-the-atlantic-ocean-near-st-john-s-newfoundland-a.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean, Canada_
4. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland and leader of the Fine Gael party, after winning 51 of the 73 votes in the parliamentary party. He is the youngest, and is the first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ireland-and-leader-of-the-fine-gael-party-after-winning-51-of-the-73-votes-in-th.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
6. [The U.S.  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and  a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-f.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
7. [A series of earthquakes, the largest registering 6.3, strike near Mosquito Lake, Alaska, near the Alaskan border with British Columbia, Canada. At least one office building and two schools were heavily damaged and evacuated in the Yukon. ](/news/2017/05/1/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-largest-registering-6-3-strike-near-mosquito-lake-alaska-near-the-alaskan-border-with-british-columbia-cana.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Ireland_
