### [2010-06-17](/news/2010/06/17/index.md)

# Around 2,000 people mass in Osh Airport.China flies 960 nationals home from Kyrgyzstan; evacuation continues. [http://eng.kabar.kg/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=285&Itemid=1 (Kabar)]Kyrgyzstan unrest death toll rises to 192. 913 people were hospitalized. [http://eng.24.kg/community/2010/06/18/12159.html (24)][http://www.itar-tass.com/eng/level2.html?NewsID=15233886&PageNum=0 (ITAR)]Kyrgyz Central Election Commission accredits Kazakh CEC Chair and his assistant to observe constitutional referendum.




### Related:

1. [31 people are injured following the crash-landing of a passenger jet at Osh Airport in southern Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2011/12/28/31-people-are-injured-following-the-crash-landing-of-a-passenger-jet-at-osh-airport-in-southern-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Osh Airport_
2. [A constitutional referendum in Kyrgyzstan is criticized for fears the country would destabilize. ](/news/2010/06/27/a-constitutional-referendum-in-kyrgyzstan-is-criticized-for-fears-the-country-would-destabilize.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, constitutional referendum_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan Almaz Atambayev and the President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao meet to discuss Kyrgyz participation in a Turkmenistan-China gas pipeline. ](/news/2007/08/16/the-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-almaz-atambayev-and-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-meet-to-discuss-kyrgyz-parti.md) _Context: China, Kyrgyzstan_
4. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-more-than-175.md) _Context: China_
5. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: China_
6. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: China_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
8. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-urg.md) _Context: China_
