### [2013-04-21](/news/2013/04/21/index.md)

# A Somali journalist is shot and killed in an attack by unknown gunmen. 

Mohamed Ibrahim Rageh had fled Mogadishu, the Somali capital, in 2009 after a spate of killings, but returned to continue his career.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/22/world/africa/reporter-for-government-radio-is-killed-in-somalia.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [Turkey orders the detention of 42 journalists including well-known writer Nazli Ilicak. Earlier, Turkish satirical magazine "LeMan was prevented from publishing its post-coup edition--a cartoon on the cover showed Turkish soldiers facing off against anti-coup protesters, both pushed toward each other by giant hands. ](/news/2016/07/25/turkey-orders-the-detention-of-42-journalists-including-well-known-writer-nazli-ilicak-earlier-turkish-satirical-magazine-leman-was-preve.md) _Context: journalist_
2. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: journalist_
3. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire. Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: journalist_
4. [Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours, and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-and-detention-of-two-australian-broad.md) _Context: journalist_
5. [Following yesterday's Constitutional Court of Turkey ruling that their rights had been violated, two Turkish journalists, jailed on terrorism charges, are released after 92 days in prison. ](/news/2016/02/26/following-yesterday-s-constitutional-court-of-turkey-ruling-that-their-rights-had-been-violated-two-turkish-journalists-jailed-on-terroris.md) _Context: journalist_
6. [Four American journalists are charged by Bahrain for "unlawful obstruction of vehicles and attending unlawful gatherings." The state-run Bahrain News Agency said all were released "pending further investigations." Freelance reporter Anna Day and a film crew, who were covering the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring uprisings, are scheduled to fly to Dubai tonight. ](/news/2016/02/16/four-american-journalists-are-charged-by-bahrain-for-unlawful-obstruction-of-vehicles-and-attending-unlawful-gatherings-the-state-run-bah.md) _Context: journalist_
7. [China's Foreign Ministry announces French journalist Ursula Gauthier of news magazine L'Obs would not be issued press credentials for 2016, effectively expelling her at the end of month. Gauthier allegedly made speculative reports on the deadly attack at a coal mine in Xinjiang. ](/news/2015/12/26/china-s-foreign-ministry-announces-french-journalist-ursula-gauthier-of-news-magazine-l-obs-would-not-be-issued-press-credentials-for-2016.md) _Context: journalist_
8. [Japanese journalist Tatsuya Kato is acquitted by a South Korean court of defamation charges resulting from questions he raised about South Korean President Geun-hye Park's whereabouts during the Sewol ferry disaster. ](/news/2015/12/17/japanese-journalist-tatsuya-kato-is-acquitted-by-a-south-korean-court-of-defamation-charges-resulting-from-questions-he-raised-about-south-k.md) _Context: journalist_
9. [Pakistani journalist Zaman Mehsud is shot dead by two motorcycle-riding gunmen in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, near the country's northwestern tribal region. According to a 2014 report, at least 56 journalists have been killed in Pakistan since 1992. ](/news/2015/11/3/pakistani-journalist-zaman-mehsud-is-shot-dead-by-two-motorcycle-riding-gunmen-in-pakistan-s-khyber-pakhtunkhwa-province-near-the-country-s.md) _Context: journalist_
10. [Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians, in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-people-including-journ.md) _Context: journalist_
