### [2013-04-21](/news/2013/04/21/index.md)

# Australian rock singer Chrissy Amphlett (Divinyls - "I Touch Myself"), dies at the age of 53 from breast cancer and multiple sclerosis. 

Former Divinyls singer Chrissy Amphlett has died aged 53 after suffering from breast cancer and multiple sclerosis.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/music/rockandpopmusic/10009695/Chrissy-Amphlett-Divinyls-lead-singer-dies-aged-53.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02542/amphlett_2542651k.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman and first Iranian to win the Fields Medal in mathematics, dies at 40 of breast cancer. ](/news/2017/07/15/maryam-mirzakhani-the-first-woman-and-first-iranian-to-win-the-fields-medal-in-mathematics-dies-at-40-of-breast-cancer.md) _Context: breast cancer_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: breast cancer_
3. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: breast cancer_
4. [The American Cancer Society recommends women at average risk of breast cancer should begin annual mammograms at age 45, and women 55 and older scale back screening to every other year. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-american-cancer-society-recommends-women-at-average-risk-of-breast-cancer-should-begin-annual-mammograms-at-age-45-and-women-55-and-old.md) _Context: breast cancer_
5. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: breast cancer_
6. [Australian entertainer Rolf Harris is sentenced to 5 years and 9 months at Southwark Crown Court in London, United Kingdom, convicted on 12 charges of indecently assaulting female minors between 1968 and 1986. Harris will be eligible for release on licence after half of the sentence in 2017. ](/news/2014/07/4/australian-entertainer-rolf-harris-is-sentenced-to-5-years-and-9-months-at-southwark-crown-court-in-london-united-kingdom-convicted-on-12.md) _Context: Australian_
7. [A study released by the University of California, San Diego shows that vitamin D increases the chances of survival in patients suffering from breast cancer. ](/news/2014/03/7/a-study-released-by-the-university-of-california-san-diego-shows-that-vitamin-d-increases-the-chances-of-survival-in-patients-suffering-fro.md) _Context: breast cancer_
8. [American actress Angelina Jolie announces that she underwent an elective double mastectomy due to her family history of lethal cases of breast cancer. ](/news/2013/05/14/american-actress-angelina-jolie-announces-that-she-underwent-an-elective-double-mastectomy-due-to-her-family-history-of-lethal-cases-of-brea.md) _Context: breast cancer_
9. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves Kadcyla, a new drug manufactured by Roche, for treating late-stage breast cancer. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-fda-approves-kadcyla-a-new-drug-manufactured-by-roche-for-treating-late-stage-breast-cancer.md) _Context: breast cancer_
10. [Researchers find that there are four genetically distinct types of breast cancer. ](/news/2012/09/23/researchers-find-that-there-are-four-genetically-distinct-types-of-breast-cancer.md) _Context: breast cancer_
