### [2013-04-21](/news/2013/04/21/index.md)

# River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/river-flooding-continues-in-midwest-with-several-towns-expected-to-see-crests-sunday/2013/04/21/b6c27c10-aa52-11e2-9e1c-bb0fb0c2edd9_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Four people are killed in a murder-suicide at a home health care business in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, by the owner of the business, 59-year-old Ahmed Dirir. ](/news/2013/06/13/four-people-are-killed-in-a-murder-suicide-at-a-home-health-care-business-in-st-louis-missouri-united-states-by-the-owner-of-the-busines.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis, United States_
2. [An ABB employee commits suicide after shooting eight people, three fatally, at the ABB Power building in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States. ](/news/2010/01/7/an-abb-employee-commits-suicide-after-shooting-eight-people-three-fatally-at-the-abb-power-building-in-st-louis-missouri-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis, United States_
3. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis_
4. [Peabody Energy, the largest privately-owned producer of coal in the world headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, files for bankruptcy court protection due to high debts and a drop in world prices. ](/news/2016/04/13/peabody-energy-the-largest-privately-owned-producer-of-coal-in-the-world-headquartered-in-st-louis-missouri-files-for-bankruptcy-court-p.md) _Context: Missouri, St. Louis_
5. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: United States, midwestern_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
7. [Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations-and-overflowed-levees-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River, midwestern_
8. [Officials report the casualties from yesterday's spring-like storm that triggered more than 20 tornadoes, destroyed homes, delayed and cancelled air flights, and caused power outages in the U.S. Midwest and Southeast have risen to at least 11 people killed with dozens injured. Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency in areas affected by the storm. ](/news/2015/12/24/officials-report-the-casualties-from-yesterday-s-spring-like-storm-that-triggered-more-than-20-tornadoes-destroyed-homes-delayed-and-cance.md) _Context: United States, midwestern_
9. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: United States, midwestern_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
