### [2013-04-21](/news/2013/04/21/index.md)

# Twenty-three Brazilian police officers are sentenced to 156 years in jail each for their involvement in the 1992 Carandiru prison massacre. 

A court in Brazil has sentenced 23 police officers to 156 years in jail each for their involvement in the notorious Carandiru prison massacre in 1992.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-22240536)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian police enter the Alcacuz prison outside the city of Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, after a week of fighting leaves 26 inmates dead. At least 126 people have been killed in Brazil's prisons since the beginning of the year. ](/news/2017/01/21/brazilian-police-enter-the-alcacuz-prison-outside-the-city-of-natal-rio-grande-do-norte-after-a-week-of-fighting-leaves-26-inmates-dead-a.md) _Context: Brazil, police_
2. [Brazilian police charge 16 people in connection with the Kiss nightclub fire last January including the owner of the club which killed 241 people and injured 168. ](/news/2013/03/23/brazilian-police-charge-16-people-in-connection-with-the-kiss-nightclub-fire-last-january-including-the-owner-of-the-club-which-killed-241-p.md) _Context: Brazil, police_
3. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
4. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
5. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [A general strike is held in Brazil, the first one in twenty years. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-general-strike-is-held-in-brazil-the-first-one-in-twenty-years.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [List of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launches. SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/list-of-falcon-9-and-falcon-heavy-launches-spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-se.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. ](/news/2017/02/6/brazilian-president-michel-temer-deploys-the-brazilian-army-to-the-southeastern-state-of-esparito-santo-where-a-police-strike-has-led-to-a.md) _Context: police_
10. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Brazil_
