### [2004-04-13](/news/2004/04/13/index.md)

#  April 13, 2004 Press Conference of the President is held at 8:30 pm EST by George W. Bush in The East Room of the White House.




### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
2. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
3. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
4. [ Jack Abramoff scandals: David Safavian, former George W. Bush White House official, is convicted of four felony counts of lying and obstruction of justice related to his dealings with lobbyist Jack Abramoff. ](/news/2006/06/20/jack-abramoff-scandals-david-safavian-former-george-w-bush-white-house-official-is-convicted-of-four-felony-counts-of-lying-and-obstruc.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush welcomes the Chinese President Hu Jintao at the White House. A Falun Gong protester--an accredited journalist from "The Epoch Times"--interrupts Hu's speech at the arrival ceremony before being removed by the Secret Service. The announcer violates protocol by accidentally calling the March of the Volunteers the "National Anthem of the Republic of China". ](/news/2006/04/20/u-s-president-george-w-bush-welcomes-the-chinese-president-hu-jintao-at-the-white-house-a-falun-gong-protesteraan-accredited-journalis.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush in an early morning interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer at the White House said: "I fully understand people wanting things to have happened yesterday" ](/news/2005/09/1/u-s-president-george-w-bush-in-an-early-morning-interview-with-abc-s-diane-sawyer-at-the-white-house-said-i-fully-understand-people-wan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
7. [ The White House affirms that, despite reports to the contrary, John Snow will remain Treasury Secretary during President George W. Bush's second term of office. Meanwhile, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony Principi announces his expected resignation. ](/news/2004/12/8/the-white-house-affirms-that-despite-reports-to-the-contrary-john-snow-will-remain-treasury-secretary-during-president-george-w-bush-s-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush, speaking to business executives and economists at the White House, vows to push through big reforms to the Social Security program, including partial privatization of the state pension fund, during his second term. ](/news/2004/12/17/u-s-president-george-w-bush-speaking-to-business-executives-and-economists-at-the-white-house-vows-to-push-through-big-reforms-to-the-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
9. [ United States Secretary of Education Rod Paige announces his intent to resign from his post, making him the third member of President George W. Bush's Cabinet to resign since his re-election. No time-table has been set for his actually leaving the post. White House domestic policy adviser Margaret Spellings has been suggested as his successor. ](/news/2004/11/12/united-states-secretary-of-education-rod-paige-announces-his-intent-to-resign-from-his-post-making-him-the-third-member-of-president-georg.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
10. [ Americans commemorate the third anniversary of the September 11, 2001, attacks. U.S. President George Bush and First Lady Laura Bush observe a moment of silence on the South Lawn of the White House to officially begin the day of remembrance. ](/news/2004/09/11/americans-commemorate-the-third-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-attacks-u-s-president-george-bush-and-first-lady-laura-bush-observ.md) _Context: George W. Bush, White House_
