### [2016-05-26](/news/2016/05/26/index.md)

# A bill that punishes hate crimes against law enforcement is signed by Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards. It is the first state to pass such a law. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/27/us/louisiana-enacts-hate-crimes-law-to-protect-a-new-group-police.html)

### Related:

1. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015. Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winne.md) _Context: John Bel Edwards, Louisiana_
2. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana_
3. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Louisiana_
4. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Louisiana_
5. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2016. John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2016-john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to.md) _Context: Louisiana_
6. [2016 Louisiana floods. At least seven people have died and thousands have been rescued in the American state of Louisiana. President of the United States Barack Obama has declared a federal emergency in the state. ](/news/2016/08/15/2016-louisiana-floods-at-least-seven-people-have-died-and-thousands-have-been-rescued-in-the-american-state-of-louisiana-president-of-the.md) _Context: Louisiana_
7. [2016 Louisiana floods. Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards declares a state of emergency as over 17 inches of rain (43 cm) causes unprecedented flooding across the region and takes at least three lives in his state, with more rain expected through Sunday. ](/news/2016/08/13/2016-louisiana-floods-louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-over-17-inches-of-rain-43-cm-causes-unpreceden.md) _Context: John Bel Edwards_
8. [Heavy rain on the Gulf Coast of the United States causes floods in the state of Louisiana and the southern part of Mississippi with one person drowning. ](/news/2016/08/12/heavy-rain-on-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-causes-floods-in-the-state-of-louisiana-and-the-southern-part-of-mississippi-with-one-pers.md) _Context: Louisiana_
9. [LGBT rights in the United States. Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards signs an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender people that rescinds one his immediate predecessor, Bobby Jindal, signed that sought to limit same-sex marriage rights and the ability of transgender people to choose which public restrooms they may use. ](/news/2016/04/13/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-signs-an-anti-discrimination-order-protecting-the-rights-of-gay-and-tr.md) _Context: John Bel Edwards_
10. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Louisiana_
