### [2016-05-26](/news/2016/05/26/index.md)

# Researchers at the United States Department of Defense report, in the journal "Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy", the discovery in the United States of a strain of "E. coli" that includes the new gene MCR-1, which is resistant to colistin, a last-resort antibiotic. 

For the first time, researchers have found a person in the United States carrying bacteria resistant to antibiotics of last resort. CDC chief says this could mean &quot;the end of the road&quot; for antibiotics.


### Source:

1. [Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy](http://aac.asm.org/content/early/2016/05/25/AAC.01103-16.full.pdf+html)
2. [National Geographic](http://phenomena.nationalgeographic.com/2016/05/26/colistin-r-9/)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2016/05/26/the-superbug-that-doctors-have-been-dreading-just-reached-the-u-s/?hpid=hp_rhp-top-table-main_tyh-superbug-255pm%3Ahomepage%2Fstory)

### Related:

1. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: U.S. military_
2. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: U.S. military_
3. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
4. [West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-arm.md) _Context: U.S. military_
5. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: U.S. military_
6. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: U.S. military_
7. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-for-october-9-un.md) _Context: U.S. military_
8. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: U.S. military_
9. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: U.S. military_
10. [Singapore researchers report, in the nanomaterials journal "Small", the creation of a new antimicrobial material capable of neutralizing "E. coli" bacteria, including antibiotic-resistant bacteria such as "Staphylococcus aureus" and "Pseudomonas aeruginosa". ](/news/2016/06/6/singapore-researchers-report-in-the-nanomaterials-journal-small-the-creation-of-a-new-antimicrobial-material-capable-of-neutralizing-e.md) _Context: ''E. coli''_
