### [2016-05-26](/news/2016/05/26/index.md)

# Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. 

The jets were assigned to Strike Fighter Squadron 211 at Oceana Naval Air Station and were on a routine training mission when the crash occurred, the Navy said in a


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/05/26/US-fighter-jets-crash-off-North-Carolina-coast-4-on-board-rescued/3471464279219/?spt=hs&or=tn_us)
2. [Virginian Pilot](http://pilotonline.com/news/military/local/navy-two-f-a--s-crash-in-atlantic-ocean/article_bbffcdd9-0820-5603-aa9f-2e2120dbfd6a.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: North Carolina, Virginia_
2. [Tropical Storm Arthur heads towards the US coast with a hurricane warning in place for the state of North Carolina. A mandatory evacuation is ordered for Hatteras Island in the Outer Banks. ](/news/2014/07/2/tropical-storm-arthur-heads-towards-the-us-coast-with-a-hurricane-warning-in-place-for-the-state-of-north-carolina-a-mandatory-evacuation-i.md) _Context: North Carolina, Outer Banks_
3. [Three people are killed and more than 25 people are injured in a 100-vehicle pileup near the Virginia-North Carolina border. ](/news/2013/03/31/three-people-are-killed-and-more-than-25-people-are-injured-in-a-100-vehicle-pileup-near-the-virginia-north-carolina-border.md) _Context: North Carolina, Virginia_
4. [A United States Navy FA-18 Hornet crashes into an apartment complex in the US city of Virginia Beach, Virginia with minimal injuries and no fatalities. ](/news/2012/04/6/a-united-states-navy-fa-18-hornet-crashes-into-an-apartment-complex-in-the-us-city-of-virginia-beach-virginia-with-minimal-injuries-and-no.md) _Context: U.S. Navy, Virginia_
5. [Heavy rain from former Tropical Storm Nicole causes flooding the US states of North Carolina and Virginia and delays in airline flights on the east coast. ](/news/2010/09/30/heavy-rain-from-former-tropical-storm-nicole-causes-flooding-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-and-delays-in-airline-flights-on-t.md) _Context: North Carolina, Virginia_
6. [ Mandatory emergency evacuation is ordered for Outer Banks in North Carolina as Hurricane Ophelia approaches. ](/news/2005/09/14/mandatory-emergency-evacuation-is-ordered-for-outer-banks-in-north-carolina-as-hurricane-ophelia-approaches.md) _Context: North Carolina, Outer Banks_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: North Carolina_
8. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-known-as-the-transgender-bathro.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Atlantic_
