### [2010-06-26](/news/2010/06/26/index.md)

# Shreya Ghoshal was honored from the U.S. state of Ohio, wherein governor Ted Strickland declared June 26 as "Shreya Ghoshal Day". 




### Source:

1. [[[IMDb](http://www.imdb.com/news/ni3051125)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: U.S._
2. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: Ohio_
3. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Ohio_
4. [Nine people are injured in a shooting at the J&R Party Hall after-hours club in Columbus, Ohio. Two are in critical condition. ](/news/2017/04/16/nine-people-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-the-j-r-party-hall-after-hours-club-in-columbus-ohio-two-are-in-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ohio_
5. [United States elections, 2016: Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-states-elections-2016-four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and.md) _Context: Ohio_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: Ohio_
8. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: Ohio_
9. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Shooting of Tamir Rice: The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/shooting-of-tamir-rice-the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-b.md) _Context: Ohio_
