### [2010-06-26](/news/2010/06/26/index.md)

# The ruling Workers' Party of Korea in North Korea announces that it will convene a meeting in September to elect new leaders. 

North Korea is set to convene its party representatives in early September to elect new leadership fueling speculation that the communist regime may officially start the process of a power transition. Pyeongyang ̔s official Central News Agency announced that the rare session which is the first of its kind since 1966 will be the venue quot;for electing its ruling Worker ̔s Party ̔s highest leading bodyquot; as the country goes through decisive changes and marks its 65th anniversary this year. Considering the fact that such a gathering was held only twice in 1958 and 1966 experts project that North Korean leader Kim Jong-il could publicly announce his third son, Kim Jong-un as his successor by bestowing on him senior party jobs. The 68-year-old leader ̔s health is said to have drastically deteriorated since he suffered from an apparent stroke in 2008 and many view the likelihood of a power transition as a move to strengthen his campaign to hand over the top office to his heir. North Korean leadership has gone under dramatic changes in recent months including this month ̔s promotion of Kim Jong-il ̔s brother-in-law Jang Sung-taek to vice chairman of the National Defense Commission. Jang is regarded as the support network for the junior Kim as the nation faces both economic and political isolation. The impoverished state is suffering from economic hardship especially because of ongoing UN sanctions imposed for its nuclear test last year and strained relations with South Korea and the international community for masterminding the sinking of the South Korean naval vessel Cheonan in March. Yoo Ji-hae, Arirang News. 


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2010/06/201062654853137197.html)
2. [Arirang News](http://www.arirang.co.kr/News/News_View.asp?nseq=104372&code=Ne2&category=2)
3. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/nkorean-ruling-party-to-choose-new-leaders-media-20100626-zad0.html)

### Related:

1. [The Workers' Party of Korea, the ruling party of North Korea, holds its first party congress in nearly 40 years. The meeting comes as the country is facing tougher sanctions for its recent missile launches. ](/news/2016/05/6/the-workers-party-of-korea-the-ruling-party-of-north-korea-holds-its-first-party-congress-in-nearly-40-years-the-meeting-comes-as-the-co.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
2. [The government of North Korea announces its ruling Workers' Party of Korea will hold a party congress on May 6, the first in nearly 40 years. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-north-korea-announces-its-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-will-hold-a-party-congress-on-may-6-the-first-in-nearly-40-years.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
3. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
4. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
5. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, fails to show at an event marking the 69th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea, increasing speculation about his prolonged absence from public view. ](/news/2014/10/10/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-fails-to-show-at-an-event-marking-the-69th-anniversary-of-the-founding-of-the-workers-party-of-kore.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
6. [North Korea announces that Ri Yong-ho, a senior military figure and a member of the central presidium of the Workers' Party of Korea, is relieved of all duties due to illness. ](/news/2012/07/16/north-korea-announces-that-ri-yong-ho-a-senior-military-figure-and-a-member-of-the-central-presidium-of-the-workers-party-of-korea-is-rel.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
7. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is given two posts in the Workers' Party of Korea previously held by his father Kim Jong-Il, including chairman of the party's Central Military Commission and a standing member of the Politburo. ](/news/2012/04/12/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-is-given-two-posts-in-the-workers-party-of-korea-previously-held-by-his-father-kim-jong-il-including-chair.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
8. [The ruling Workers Party in North Korea calls a conference in mid-April to consolidate the transfer of leadership to Kim Jong-un from his father Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2012/02/20/the-ruling-workers-party-in-north-korea-calls-a-conference-in-mid-april-to-consolidate-the-transfer-of-leadership-to-kim-jong-un-from-his-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
9. [The Workers' Party of Korea conference begins in Pyongyang, North Korea. ](/news/2010/09/28/the-workers-party-of-korea-conference-begins-in-pyongyang-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
10. [North Korea's ruling Workers' Party of Korea cancels its largest political convention in thirty years officially due to floods caused by Typhoon Kompasu  but sparking speculation about the health of Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2010/09/15/north-korea-s-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-cancels-its-largest-political-convention-in-thirty-years-officially-due-to-floods-caused-by-typ.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
