### [2010-04-30](/news/2010/04/30/index.md)

# The United States Justice Department opens a criminal investigation into alleged fraud by Goldman Sachs.  




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/04/30/AR2010043001336.html?hpid=topnews)

### Related:

1. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said in a statement "Recent attacks in Europe and elsewhere confirm that the threat to our nation is immediate and real, and it remains essential that we use every lawful tool available to prevent as many attacks as possible". ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Justice Department_
2. [Goldman Sachs banker Jim Donovan withdraws from consideration as Deputy Treasury Secretary in order to have time for his family. ](/news/2017/05/19/goldman-sachs-banker-jim-donovan-withdraws-from-consideration-as-deputy-treasury-secretary-in-order-to-have-time-for-his-family.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
3. [  Donald Trump requests Gary Cohn, chief operating officer of investment bank Goldman Sachs, to join his administration as chair of the White House National Economic Council. ](/news/2016/12/9/donald-trump-requests-gary-cohn-chief-operating-officer-of-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-to-join-his-administration-as-chair-of-the-whit.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
4. [Judge Vivien Rose of London's High Court, finds in favor of Goldman Sachs, that the bank is not liable for the failure of highly speculative trades made by the sovereign wealth fund of Libya. ](/news/2016/10/15/judge-vivien-rose-of-london-s-high-court-finds-in-favor-of-goldman-sachs-that-the-bank-is-not-liable-for-the-failure-of-highly-speculative.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
5. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
6. [Goldman Sachs, the American multinational investment banking firm, launches an FDIC-insured, Internet-based savings bank.  The Wall Street institution, whose investment banking account minimums are in the millions, sets a minimum deposit of $1 dollar for GSBank.com. ](/news/2016/04/25/goldman-sachs-the-american-multinational-investment-banking-firm-launches-an-fdic-insured-internet-based-savings-bank-the-wall-street-i.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
7. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
8. [In a plea bargain with U.S. federal prosecutors, Rohit Bansal, a former Goldman Sachs banker accused of using private information leaked by source inside the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, has agreed to plead guilty.  The leaked information was said to have given Goldman an undue advantage regarding client advisement.  Goldman also faces fines from the New York State's Department of Financial Services. ](/news/2015/10/27/in-a-plea-bargain-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-rohit-bansal-a-former-goldman-sachs-banker-accused-of-using-private-information-leaked-by.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
9. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: Justice Department_
10. [Goldman Sachs agrees to buy back $3.15 billion in low quality mortgage bonds that it dumped on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac preceding the financial crisis of 2007-08. ](/news/2014/08/23/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-buy-back-3-15-billion-in-low-quality-mortgage-bonds-that-it-dumped-on-fannie-mae-and-freddie-mac-preceding-the-fina.md) _Context: Goldman Sachs_
