### [2012-07-4](/news/2012/07/4/index.md)

# The Qatari-owned satellite channel, Al Jazeera, reports that traces of radioactive polonium-210 have been found in some personal effects of former PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004; the PLO and Arafat's widow agree to his exhumation to investigate if he had been poisoned. 

Ramallah sources say remains of former chairman will be exhumed following report suggesting his death was caused by radioactive poisoning


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/07/04/world/meast/switzerland-arafat-polonium/index.html?hpt=wo_c2)
2. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/07/03/yassir-arafat-poisoned_n_1647477.html)
3. [YNet News](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4251223,00.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
2. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
3. [The remains of Yasser Arafat are exhumed as part of an investigation into how the Palestinian leader died in November 2004. ](/news/2012/11/27/the-remains-of-yasser-arafat-are-exhumed-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-how-the-palestinian-leader-died-in-november-2004.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, exhumed_
4. [Palestinian officials announce the body of former leader Yasser Arafat will be exhumed to investigate whether his death in Paris in 2004 was caused by poisoning. ](/news/2012/11/24/palestinian-officials-announce-the-body-of-former-leader-yasser-arafat-will-be-exhumed-to-investigate-whether-his-death-in-paris-in-2004-was.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, poison_
5. [ Chairman Mahmoud Abbas says he will not deliberate with any group that does not recognize the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2009/02/2/chairman-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-deliberate-with-any-group-that-does-not-recognize-the-palestine-liberation-organization.md) _Context: Chairman, Palestine Liberation Organization's_
6. [ Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2004/11/10/saeb-erakat-announces-that-palestinian-authority-leader-yasser-arafat-has-died-at-the-age-of-75-at-a-paris-hospital-rawhi-fattouh-becomes.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2004/10/29/yasser-arafat-is-flown-to-paris-france-for-medical-treatment-at-percy-military-hospital-which-specializes-in-blood-disorders-and-cancer.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Nearly 400 members of Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization resign in protest over corruption, mismanagement and a lack of direction with Fatah.[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A22149-2004Feb7.html] date=August 2015 bot=RjwilmsiBot](/news/2004/02/7/nearly-400-members-of-yasser-arafat-s-fatah-faction-of-the-palestine-liberation-organization-resign-in-protest-over-corruption-mismanageme.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Leading Saudi Arabian newspaper "al-Riyadh" (which often reflects government thinking) claims that Qatar's Al Jazeera television coverage of the bombing in Riyadh is aimed at inciting more violence. Thirty media outlets claim, with two separate letters sent to The Pentagon, that United States troops are harassing journalists in Iraq and sometimes confiscating equipment, digital camera media and videotapes. A statement by a Pentagon official states the military is aware of reports that soldiers had sometimes not followed procedures on dealing with the media and promises to take appropriate action.](/news/2003/11/13/leading-saudi-arabian-newspaper-al-riyadh-which-often-reflects-government-thinking-claims-that-qatar-s-al-jazeera-television-coverage-o.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
10. [ Deaths of three journalists in Baghdad: Two American air to surface missiles hit the Qatar satellite station Al Jazeera's office in Baghdad and kill a reporter and wound a cameraman. U.S. Officials said that the offices were not targeted, but were right next to the Iraqi Ministry of Information building which was a target. The nearby office of Arab satellite channel Abu Dhabi is also hit by air strikes. Al Jazeera accuses the U.S. of attacking Arab media to hide facts. On the same day a U.S. tank fires into the 15th floor of the Palestine Hotel in Baghdad, where almost all remaining foreign journalists are based, and kills two cameramen and wounds three. In the Abu Dhabi case the station airs the picture of Iraqi fire from beneath of the camera. In the hotel case, however, other journalists on the scene deny any fire from or around the hotel.,](/news/2003/04/8/deaths-of-three-journalists-in-baghdad-two-american-air-to-surface-missiles-hit-the-qatar-satellite-station-al-jazeera-s-office-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
