### [2009-10-2](/news/2009/10/2/index.md)

#  Israel agrees with Hamas to swap twenty female Palestinian prisoners for a videotape proving Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit is still alive. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/03/world/middleeast/03mideast.html?hp)
2. [Haaretz](http://haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1118389.html)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Palestinian_
5. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
6. [The Cabinet of Israel approves a prisoner swap deal with Hamas for the release of the Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit, who had been held in captivity for five years. In exchange, Israel agrees to release a thousand Palestinian prisoners held in Israel, among them hundreds of prisoners serving multiple life sentences for planning and perpetrating murderous attacks against Israeli civilians.](/news/2011/10/11/the-cabinet-of-israel-approves-a-prisoner-swap-deal-with-hamas-for-the-release-of-the-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit-who-had-been-held-i.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
7. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to  Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-cap.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
8. [German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calls on Hamas to free captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and urges Israel to end its embargo of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, but does not meet with the Gaza leadership because of group's refusal to renounce violence and recognize Israel.  ](/news/2010/11/8/german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-calls-on-hamas-to-free-captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-and-urges-israel-to-end-its-embargo-o.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Fifteen Latin American parliaments pass simultaneous resolutions demanding that the captive Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado for over four years by Hamas, be released. ](/news/2010/10/24/fifteen-latin-american-parliaments-pass-simultaneous-resolutions-demanding-that-the-captive-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Israel had recently renewed contacts with a German mediator to negotiate the release of a captured Israeli soldier, Staff Sgt. Gilad Shalit, who is being held incommunicado by Hamas. ](/news/2010/10/17/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-israel-had-recently-renewed-contacts-with-a-german-mediator-to-negotiate-the-release-of.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
