### [2009-10-2](/news/2009/10/2/index.md)

#  The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). 

Rio de Janeiro won a resounding vote on Friday to stage the first Olympics in South America in 2016, rebuffing U.S. President Barack Obama, who had personally lobbied for his adopted hometown Chicago.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSTRE58S1H820091002)

### Related:

1. [ The International Olympic Committee releases a shortlist of 2016 Summer Olympics bids consisting of Chicago, United States; Tokyo, Japan; Madrid, Spain; and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. ](/news/2008/06/4/the-international-olympic-committee-releases-a-shortlist-of-2016-summer-olympics-bids-consisting-of-chicago-united-states-tokyo-japan-m.md) _Context: Brazil, Chicago, International Olympic Committee, Japan, Madrid, Rio de Janeiro, Spain, Tokyo, U.S._
2. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: Brazil, International Olympic Committee, Rio de Janeiro, Tokyo_
3. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
7. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for  the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Paralympics, Brazil_
8. [During the 125th IOC Session, the IOC announces the winning bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics to be held in Tokyo, Japan. ](/news/2013/09/7/during-the-125th-ioc-session-the-ioc-announces-the-winning-bid-for-the-2020-summer-olympics-to-be-held-in-tokyo-japan.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee, Japan, Tokyo_
9. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [In figure skating, the United States win the 2013 ISU World Team Trophy in Figure Skating in Tokyo ahead of Canada and Japan. ](/news/2013/04/14/in-figure-skating-the-united-states-win-the-2013-isu-world-team-trophy-in-figure-skating-in-tokyo-ahead-of-canada-and-japan.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo, U.S._
