### [2011-09-27](/news/2011/09/27/index.md)

# An explosion destroys the Arab Gas Pipeline in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula supplying natural gas to Jordan and Israel. 

An explosion destroyed anEgyptian pipeline in Sinai that supplies Israel and Jordan withgas on Tuesday, security sources and witnesses said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/09/27/egypt-pipeline-idUSL5E7KR00B20110927)

### Related:

1. [Saboteurs bomb an Egyptian pipeline at Nagah in the Sinai Peninsula delivering gas to Israel and Jordan. ](/news/2011/07/4/saboteurs-bomb-an-egyptian-pipeline-at-nagah-in-the-sinai-peninsula-delivering-gas-to-israel-and-jordan.md) _Context: Arab Gas Pipeline, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sinai_
2. [Natural gas supplies to Jordan and Israel are hit by an explosion in the Arab Gas Pipeline in the town of Arish in North Sinai near Egypt's border with Israel with an armed group believed responsible. ](/news/2011/04/27/natural-gas-supplies-to-jordan-and-israel-are-hit-by-an-explosion-in-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-the-town-of-arish-in-north-sinai-near-egypt-s.md) _Context: Arab Gas Pipeline, Egypt, Israel, Jordan, natural gas_
3. [Arab-Israeli conflict:: Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/arab-israeli-conflict-two-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sinai_
4. [A Jordanian civilian is killed and three others are wounded as a Grad rocket launched from the Sinai hits the city of Aqaba. Four other rockets land in open areas in the Gulf of Aqaba. Jordan, Israel, Egypt and the United States condemn the attack. ](/news/2010/08/2/a-jordanian-civilian-is-killed-and-three-others-are-wounded-as-a-grad-rocket-launched-from-the-sinai-hits-the-city-of-aqaba-four-other-rock.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sinai_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
6. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
7. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
8. [Sinai insurgency: Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/sinai-insurgency-egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, natural gas_
9. [Egyptian officials scrap a deeply unpopular agreement to supply Israel with natural gas. Former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, ousted in last year's revolution, had been accused of selling the gas too cheaply. ](/news/2012/04/22/egyptian-officials-scrap-a-deeply-unpopular-agreement-to-supply-israel-with-natural-gas-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, natural gas_
10. [An explosion hits the gas pipeline between Egypt, Israel and Jordan in the North Sinai Governorate west of Arish. ](/news/2012/02/5/an-explosion-hits-the-gas-pipeline-between-egypt-israel-and-jordan-in-the-north-sinai-governorate-west-of-arish.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
