### [2017-07-14](/news/2017/07/14/index.md)

# A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. 

The former leader and his wife hand themselves in while corruption charges are prepared.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-40605823)

### Related:

1. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
2. [Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-governor-of-rio-de-ja.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
3. [A small plane carrying Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki crashes into the sea near the tourist town of Paraty in the state of Rio de Janeiro, killing the magistrate and two other people. Zavascki had been handling the politically-charged Operation Car Wash corruption trials. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-small-plane-carrying-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-crashes-into-the-sea-near-the-tourist-town-of-paraty-in-the-state-of-r.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
4. [Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-foreign-bribery-laws-i.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
5. [Brazilian police arrest former Finance Minister Guido Mantega as part of an ongoing probe into corruption. ](/news/2016/09/22/brazilian-police-arrest-former-finance-minister-guido-mantega-as-part-of-an-ongoing-probe-into-corruption.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
6. [Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-letacia-lula-da-silv.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
7. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
8. [Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This "anti-corruption" ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. ](/news/2016/05/30/fabiano-silveira-minister-for-transparency-supervision-and-control-resigns-after-leaked-recordings-suggested-he-tried-to-derail-the-petro.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
9. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: money laundering_
10. [Peruvians protest in five cities, including the capital Lima, against the presidential candidacy of Keiko Fujimori, daughter of imprisoned ex-president Alberto Fujimori, who exactly 24 years ago this day carried out a coup by shutting down Congress and taking over the courts with the support of the military. Keiko Fujimori is the front runner in Sunday's April 10, 2016, election. Yesterday, Fujimori committed to respect democratic liberties and the rule of law, and to work against corruption, which some opponents have rejected. The Organization of American States says the election could lack credibility unless two recently-disqualified candidates are allowed to run. ](/news/2016/04/5/peruvians-protest-in-five-cities-including-the-capital-lima-against-the-presidential-candidacy-of-keiko-fujimori-daughter-of-imprisoned-e.md) _Context: Lima_
