### [2017-07-14](/news/2017/07/14/index.md)

# Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens Scott Ludlam resigns as a Senator after discovering that he holds dual citizenship with New Zealand, making him electorally ineligible under Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. 

The deputy Greens leader steps down from Federal Parliament, after admitting he has been ineligible to sit in the Senate for his whole tenure because he holds dual citizenship.


### Source:

1. [ABC.net](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-07-14/senator-scott-ludlam-resign-constitution-dual-citizenship/8708606)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/8709856-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Canadian-born Larissa Waters resigns as a Senator, and as deputy leader of the Australian Greens, after discovering she remains a dual citizen of Canada, rendering her election unconstitutional under section 44. The move comes four days after Scott Ludlam, Waters' co-deputy, resigned due to his New Zealand citizenship. ](/news/2017/07/18/canadian-born-larissa-waters-resigns-as-a-senator-and-as-deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-after-discovering-she-remains-a-dual-citiz.md) _Context: Australian Greens, Politics of Australia, Scott Ludlam, Senator, section 44 of the Constitution of Australia_
2. [The Deputy Prime Minister of Australia Barnaby Joyce is revealed to have unknowingly held dual citizenship with New Zealand since his election, which may have rendered him ineligible for candidacy under section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-deputy-prime-minister-of-australia-barnaby-joyce-is-revealed-to-have-unknowingly-held-dual-citizenship-with-new-zealand-since-his-electi.md) _Context: New Zealand, Politics of Australia, dual citizenship, section 44 of the Constitution of Australia_
3. [Voters in New Zealand go to the polls, electing all members of their House of Representatives and the consequent Prime Minister. Opinion polling predicts that the long-incumbent National Party, led by Bill English since December 2016, will face its strongest challenge in years, as support for the Labour Party has surged since Jacinda Ardern became party leader seven weeks ago. ](/news/2017/09/23/voters-in-new-zealand-go-to-the-polls-electing-all-members-of-their-house-of-representatives-and-the-consequent-prime-minister-opinion-pol.md) _Context: New Zealand_
4. [The Labour Party, led by Jacinda Ardern, surges in the polls and is neck-and-neck with the National Party, led by Bill English, for the race for Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2017/09/1/the-labour-party-led-by-jacinda-ardern-surges-in-the-polls-and-is-neck-and-neck-with-the-national-party-led-by-bill-english-for-the-race.md) _Context: New Zealand_
5. [New Zealand announces the stationing of three more non-combat military personnel in Afghanistan, boosting its military commitment to 13. ](/news/2017/08/25/new-zealand-announces-the-stationing-of-three-more-non-combat-military-personnel-in-afghanistan-boosting-its-military-commitment-to-13.md) _Context: New Zealand_
6. [Researchers in New Zealand have discovered that the MeNZB vaccine for meningitis may protect against gonorrhea by 30%. ](/news/2017/07/11/researchers-in-new-zealand-have-discovered-that-the-menzb-vaccine-for-meningitis-may-protect-against-gonorrhea-by-30.md) _Context: New Zealand_
7. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: New Zealand_
8. [Severe flooding caused by Cyclone Debbie forces the evacuation of Edgecumbe, New Zealand, and nearby areas. ](/news/2017/04/6/severe-flooding-caused-by-cyclone-debbie-forces-the-evacuation-of-edgecumbe-new-zealand-and-nearby-areas.md) _Context: New Zealand_
9. [Two political parties with federal representation in Australia merge as the Australian Conservatives absorbs the Family First Party. ](/news/2017/04/26/two-political-parties-with-federal-representation-in-australia-merge-as-the-australian-conservatives-absorbs-the-family-first-party.md) _Context: Senator_
10. [A state of emergency is declared and coastal areas are evacuated in the Coromandel Peninsula as Cyclone Cook sweeps across the North Island of New Zealand. ](/news/2017/04/13/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-and-coastal-areas-are-evacuated-in-the-coromandel-peninsula-as-cyclone-cook-sweeps-across-the-north-island.md) _Context: New Zealand_
