### [2017-07-14](/news/2017/07/14/index.md)

# Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's camp has vowed to file a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's indictment for "graft", instead of "multiple homicide") 

(UPDATED) Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales also orders usurpation of authority charges against the former chief executive, but dismisses charges of reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide


### Source:

1. [ABC News.go](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/philippines-leader-faces-charges-role-clash-48631698)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/175603-noynoy-aquino-indicted-graft-mamasapano-ombudsman)

### Related:

1. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine National Police, President of the Philippines_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, President of the Philippines_
3. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, President of the Philippines_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
5. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
6. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015,  from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III  had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped  by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
7. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
8. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-ppresident-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-se.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
10. [Benigno Aquino, the President of the Philippines, says that his government will start discussions with Japan about allowing Japan Self-Defense Forces to refuel at Filipino bases allowing the extension of operations into the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/5/benigno-aquino-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-his-government-will-start-discussions-with-japan-about-allowing-japan-self-defen.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
