### [2017-07-14](/news/2017/07/14/index.md)

# The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. 

There’s a high proportion of four-letter words.


### Source:

1. [The New York magazine](http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/07/funny-emails-sent-to-kobachs-election-integrity-commission.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/14/white-house-releases-sensitive-personal-information-of-voters-worried-about-their-sensitive-personal-information/)

### Related:

1. [The White House releases a proposed budget that includes an increase in spending for the military but a decrease in healthcare and welfare. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-white-house-releases-a-proposed-budget-that-includes-an-increase-in-spending-for-the-military-but-a-decrease-in-healthcare-and-welfare.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump, White House_
2. [White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer resigns after Donald Trump appoints Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, Sarah Huckabee Sanders takes over as the White House Press Secretary. ](/news/2017/07/21/white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-resigns-after-donald-trump-appoints-anthony-scaramucci-as-the-white-house-communications-director-s.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June  order that permits admission to the U.S. of  those with a bona fide relationship.  ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-pthe-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration-of-donald-trump.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [Six members of President Trump's  Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS  resign stating the administration doesn't have a strategy to address the epidemic, doesn't seek input from experts on HIV policy, supports legislation that would halt or reverse important gains made in the fight against this disease and would harm people living with HIV. ](/news/2017/06/18/six-members-of-president-trump-s-advisory-council-on-hiv-aids-resign-stating-the-administration-doesn-t-have-a-strategy-to-address-the-epi.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-over-315-6-million-in-personal-lia.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [The Maryland and the District of Columbia attorneys general plan to sue President Trump on Monday claiming he violated the emolument clauses in the Constitution by accepting foreign payouts for his hotelier empire. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-maryland-and-the-district-of-columbia-attorneys-general-plan-to-sue-president-trump-on-monday-claiming-he-violated-the-emolument-clauses.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
