### [2003-12-8](/news/2003/12/8/index.md)

# German Justice Minister Brigitte Zypries unveils a draft bill aimed at policing company accounts following the Enron and WorldCom scandals in the USA. [http://www.finance24.co.za/Finance/Companies/0,,1518-24_1456622,00.html]




### Related:

1. [''Time'' announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.](/news/2002/12/22/time-announced-that-its-persons-of-the-year-are-three-female-whistleblowers-a-coleen-rowley-fbi-agent-who-wrote-a-memorandum-to-fbi.md) _Context: Enron, WorldCom_
2. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: German_
3. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: German_
4. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: German_
5. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: German_
6. [A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-killed-and-461-injured.md) _Context: German_
7. [Germany arrests and charges a suspected perpetrator, 28-year-old Sergej W. The federal prosecutor says the suspect held put options on Borussia Dortmund shares. ](/news/2017/04/21/germany-arrests-and-charges-a-suspected-perpetrator-28-year-old-sergej-w-the-federal-prosecutor-says-the-suspect-held-put-options-on-borus.md) _Context: German_
8. [German police storm a refugee center in Hamburg after a knife-wielding man barricades himself in a room with a pregnant woman believed to be his partner. The man was injured before he was arrested. ](/news/2017/02/28/german-police-storm-a-refugee-center-in-hamburg-after-a-knife-wielding-man-barricades-himself-in-a-room-with-a-pregnant-woman-believed-to-be.md) _Context: German_
9. [The Abu Sayyaf militant group beheads their German hostage Jurgen Kantner in Indanan, Philippines. ](/news/2017/02/27/the-abu-sayyaf-militant-group-beheads-their-german-hostage-jurgen-kantner-in-indanan-philippines.md) _Context: German_
10. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police  do not believe  terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: German_
