### [2003-12-8](/news/2003/12/8/index.md)

# The new Conservative Party of Canada, resulting from the merger of the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, is officially registered with Elections Canada. The party's first interim leader is John Lynch-Staunton, with a leadership race scheduled for March 2004. [http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20031208.wmerg1208/BNStory/National/]




### Related:

1. [ Delegates representing the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada vote 90% to 10% in favour of forming a union with the Canadian Alliance. The Alliance approved the measure even more overwhelmingly yesterday, with 96% support. The new party is to style itself the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/06/tories_vote031206]](/news/2003/12/6/delegates-representing-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-vote-90-to-10-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-canadian-alliance.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
2. [Members of the Canadian Alliance vote 96% to 4% in favour of forming a union with the Progressive Conservative Party, called the Conservative Party of Canada. The Progressive Conservatives will vote tomorrow. ](/news/2003/12/5/members-of-the-canadian-alliance-vote-96-to-4-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-progressive-conservative-party-called-the-conservativ.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
3. [Elections Canada has traced allegations of fraudulent robocalls engaging in voter suppression in 18 ridings during the Canadian federal election, 2011 to Racknine Inc., a small Edmonton call centre that worked for the Conservative Party of Canada party's national campaign. ](/news/2012/02/23/elections-canada-has-traced-allegations-of-fraudulent-robocalls-engaging-in-voter-suppression-in-18-ridings-during-the-canadian-federal-elec.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Elections Canada_
4. [Scott Brison becomes the fourth caucus member of the former Progressive Conservative Party of Canada to leave the new Conservative Party of Canada, crossing the floor to the Liberals. [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1071056728899&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2003/12/10/scott-brison-becomes-the-fourth-caucus-member-of-the-former-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-to-leave-the-new-conservative-party-of.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
5. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
6. [Canadian Senator and former Conservative Party campaign director Doug Finley dies of cancer. ](/news/2013/05/11/canadian-senator-and-former-conservative-party-campaign-director-doug-finley-dies-of-cancer.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
7. [Canadian Senator Patrick Brazeau is arrested over an incident relating to domestic violence. The ruling Conservative Party of Canada in response removes him from caucus. ](/news/2013/02/7/canadian-senator-patrick-brazeau-is-arrested-over-an-incident-relating-to-domestic-violence-the-ruling-conservative-party-of-canada-in-resp.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
8. [Results from the 41st Canadian General Election give the Conservative Party of Canada a majority government while the NDP will form the Official Opposition for the first time in Canadian political history.](/news/2011/05/3/results-from-the-41st-canadian-general-election-give-the-conservative-party-of-canada-a-majority-government-while-the-ndp-will-form-the-offi.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
9. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
10. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
