### [2016-07-7](/news/2016/07/7/index.md)

# Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. 

Embattled Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull appeared likely to retain power after gaining the support of a key independent on Thursday, although the closeness of the vote signaled more tough political and economic times ahead.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3676475/Australian-government-hopes-win-votes-counted.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-australia-election-idUSKCN0ZN06L?il=0)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/federal-election-2016/federal-election-2016-live-count-continues-as-turnbull-courts-independents/news-story/fd3f384a00a488b09788741eda3cb648)
3. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160707&t=2&i=1144401093&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC6603W)

### Related:

1. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-num.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Bill Shorten, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
2. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Bill Shorten, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Labor Party_
4. [ Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissolv.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
5. [Legal advice clears Governor-General of Australia Mrs. Quentin Bryce to make a decision on who will be the next Prime Minister of Australia despite family ties to Australian Labor Party powerbroker Bill Shorten. ](/news/2010/08/27/legal-advice-clears-governor-general-of-australia-mrs-quentin-bryce-to-make-a-decision-on-who-will-be-the-next-prime-minister-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Bill Shorten, Labor Party_
6. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that French company DCNS has been awarded a $50 billion contract to build a new fleet of submarines for the Royal Australian Navy with the subs to be built in Adelaide. ](/news/2016/04/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-french-company-dcns-has-been-awarded-a-50-billion-contract-to-build-a-new-f.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
9. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
10. [New Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announces knights and dames will no longer be part of the nation's honors system. He said Queen Elizabeth signed off on the decision. ](/news/2015/11/2/new-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-announces-knights-and-dames-will-no-longer-be-part-of-the-nationas-honors-system-he-said-q.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
