### [2016-07-7](/news/2016/07/7/index.md)

# Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3678833/UK-Conservatives-choose-final-2-leadership-contenders.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/live/uk-politics-36570120?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Andrea Leadsom, Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Home Secretary, Michael Gove, Prime Minster, Secretary of State for Justice, Theresa May_
2. [Andrea Leadsom withdraws from the leadership election meaning that Theresa May will become the next leader of the Conservative Party and next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2016/07/11/andrea-leadsom-withdraws-from-the-leadership-election-meaning-that-theresa-may-will-become-the-next-leader-of-the-conservative-party-and-nex.md) _Context: Andrea Leadsom, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Prime Minster, Theresa May_
3. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
4. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Prime Minster, Theresa May_
5. [British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. ](/news/2016/06/30/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-enters-into-the-tory-leadership-contest-saying-that-article-50-of-the-eu-treaty-should-not-be-invoked-be.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Theresa May_
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: British Parliament, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
7. [UK Education Secretary Michael Gove apologises to Prime Minister David Cameron over a row with Home Secretary Theresa May about how to tackle Islamic extremism following recent revelations about a Muslim plot to take over schools in Birmingham. ](/news/2014/06/7/uk-education-secretary-michael-gove-apologises-to-prime-minister-david-cameron-over-a-row-with-home-secretary-theresa-may-about-how-to-tackl.md) _Context: David Cameron, Michael Gove, Theresa May_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
9. [In the wake of the Cash for Access scandal British Prime Minister, David Cameron publishes details of Conservative Party donors who have had dinner with him at 10 Downing Street. ](/news/2012/03/26/in-the-wake-of-the-cash-for-access-scandal-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-publishes-details-of-conservative-party-donors-who-have-had.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
10. [Peter Cruddas resigns as treasurer of Britain's Conservative Party after he was filmed selling access to Prime Minister David Cameron for PS250,000. ](/news/2012/03/25/peter-cruddas-resigns-as-treasurer-of-britain-s-conservative-party-after-he-was-filmed-selling-access-to-prime-minister-david-cameron-for-aps.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
