### [2016-07-7](/news/2016/07/7/index.md)

# Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: The Philippines House of Representatives seeks to investigate the rise in deaths of suspected drug dealers in the country. 




### Source:

1. [GMA News](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/572789/news/nation/solon-seeks-house-probe-on-killings-of-suspected-drug-offenders)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: The left-wing political party, Bagong Alyansang Makabayan, which is part of the current government, asks Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte to investigate the recent vigilante killings of suspected drug pushers. ](/news/2016/07/8/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-the-left-wing-political-party-bagong-alyansang-makabayan-which-is-part-of-the-curren.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, decades-old problem, human rights violations_
2. [Philippine Drug War: Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech calling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/philippine-drug-war-senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, decades-old problem_
3. [Philippine Drug War: A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/philippine-drug-war-a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-dru.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights violations_
4. [Philippine Drug War: The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/philippine-drug-war-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights violations_
5. [Philippine Drug War: Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/philippine-drug-war-datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, decades-old problem_
6. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-inte.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights violations_
7. [Human rights in the Philippines: The government of the Philippines demands its critics to provide proof if there are human rights violations conducted during its drug war. ](/news/2016/07/9/human-rights-in-the-philippines-the-government-of-the-philippines-demands-its-critics-to-provide-proof-if-there-are-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights violations_
8. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Dozens of petty criminals and alleged drug addicts die in the Philippines within a few days after Rodrigo Duterte took the presidency. He actively encouraged extrajudicial killing of drug addicts and petty criminals before and after the election. ](/news/2016/07/5/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-dozens-of-petty-criminals-and-alleged-drug-addicts-die-in-the-philippines-within-a-few.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights violations_
9. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion; Philippine Drug War: The Communist Party of the Philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing Bagong Alyansang Makabayan joins the government cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/07/4/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-philippine-drug-war-the-communist-party-of-the-philippines-agrees-to-fight-drug-lords-after-its-legal-wing-bagon.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, decades-old problem_
10. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-du.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, human rights violations_
