### [2016-07-7](/news/2016/07/7/index.md)

# Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton requests a Justice Department investigation of last night's fatal police shooting of Philando Castile (an African-American) during a traffic stop. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed the incident live over Facebook. It showed Castile had been shot several times and was slumped against Reynolds; he died in Minneapolis's Hennepin County Medical Center. 

The killing of Philando Castile, 32, in suburban St. Paul, Minn., is the second police shooting of an African-American man to gain national attention this week.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/police-shooting-during-traffic-stop-leaves-minnesota-man-dead-family/)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/theto-way/2016/07/07/485066807/police-stop-ends-in-black-mans-death-aftermath-is-livestreamed-online-video)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/08/us/philando-castile-falcon-heights-shooting.html?_r=0&module=ArrowsNav&contentCollection=U.S.&action=keypress&region=FixedLeft&pgtype=article)
4. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/police-fatally-shoot-man-during-traffic-stop-in-minnesota-1467875899)

### Related:

1. [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's  shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a  24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people -- three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks -- were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threateni.md) _Context: African-American, Minneapolis, U.S. Department of Justice_
2. [The Democratic Governor of Minnesota Mark Dayton and Republican legislative leaders reach a budget deal which will end a shutdown of the US state government within days. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-democratic-governor-of-minnesota-mark-dayton-and-republican-legislative-leaders-reach-a-budget-deal-which-will-end-a-shutdown-of-the-us.md) _Context: Mark Dayton, Minnesota Governor_
3. [The government of the U.S. state of Minnesota is to shut down as a result of a budget dispute between Democratic Governor Mark Dayton and the Republican Legislature. ](/news/2011/07/1/the-government-of-the-u-s-state-of-minnesota-is-to-shut-down-as-a-result-of-a-budget-dispute-between-democratic-governor-mark-dayton-and-th.md) _Context: Mark Dayton, Minnesota Governor_
4. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Minneapolis_
5. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
6. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has  2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twit.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc._
8. [Minnesota State Patrol, after issuing three warnings,  arrest 18 people who were blocking  Interstate 94 in St. Paul. A peaceful  protest started  following Friday's acquittal of St. Anthony police officer Jeronimo Yanez, who was charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Philando Castile. ](/news/2017/06/17/minnesota-state-patrol-after-issuing-three-warnings-arrest-18-people-who-were-blocking-interstate-94-in-st-paul-a-peaceful-protest-st.md) _Context: Shooting of Philando Castile_
9. [Jeronimo Yanez, the police officer previously accused of manslaughter and reckless discharge of a firearm at Philando Castile, is acquitted of all charges. ](/news/2017/06/16/jeronimo-yanez-the-police-officer-previously-accused-of-manslaughter-and-reckless-discharge-of-a-firearm-at-philando-castile-is-acquitted.md) _Context: Shooting of Philando Castile_
10. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
