### [2016-07-7](/news/2016/07/7/index.md)

# The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. 

The United States has tentatively approved flights on eight U.S. airlines to Havana as early as this autumn, with American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O) receiving the largest share of the limited routes, the Transportation Department said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cuba-idUSKCN0ZN1EF)
2. [US DOT](https://www.transportation.gov/briefing-room/us-transportation-secretary-foxx-proposes-us-airlines-and-cities-new-scheduled-service)

### Related:

1. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as ''JetBlue Flight 387'' lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. ''JetBlue Flight 387'' had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clar.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, JetBlue, United States_
2. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in   12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana, United States_
3. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana, United States_
4. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana, United States_
5. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines_
6. [The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  ](/news/2016/06/10/the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including-miami-and-philadelphia-to-nine.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
7. [Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and  allow  Cuban-Americans passengers. Current  Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if-cuba-does-not-waive-its-rule-a.md) _Context: Havana, United States_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
9. [MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. ](/news/2016/03/1/mlb-announces-the-tampa-bay-rays-professional-baseball-team-will-play-an-exhibition-game-with-the-cuban-national-team-on-march-22-2016-in.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
10. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s.  By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. ](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: Cuba-United States relations, Havana_
