### [2016-07-7](/news/2016/07/7/index.md)

# U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/kerry-meeting-ukraine-leaders-in-kyiv/27843304.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: John Kerry, Ukraine, United States Secretary of State, War in Donbass_
2. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij  Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found  on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to  the remains.  ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
3. [  A rally of war veterans in Kiev calls for Ukraine to abandon the Minsk II ceasefire agreement and to declare war on pro-Russian separatists in the Donbass region. Despite two ceasefire agreements since September, combat operations, including the use of heavy artillery and ballistic missiles, never stopped. ](/news/2015/07/4/a-rally-of-war-veterans-in-kiev-calls-for-ukraine-to-abandon-the-minsk-ii-ceasefire-agreement-and-to-declare-war-on-pro-russian-separatist.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine, War in Donbass_
4. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announces the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) are to form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko denounces the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announces-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-are-to-form-a-new-state.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
5. [An explosive device is hurled at the United States embassy in Kiev. ](/news/2017/06/8/an-explosive-device-is-hurled-at-the-united-states-embassy-in-kiev.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine-United States relations_
6. [Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
7. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukraine_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Ukraine-United States relations, War in Donbass_
9. [A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-least-33-people-have.md) _Context: Ukraine, War in Donbass_
10. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukraine, War in Donbass_
