### [2013-05-8](/news/2013/05/8/index.md)

# Police in France, Belgium and Switzerland arrest more than two dozen people in connection with the Brussels Airport diamond heist. 




### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323744604578470493584886414.html)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Switzerland_
2. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Switzerland_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Belgium, France_
4. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Belgian prosecutors hand over Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks, to French authorities. ](/news/2016/04/27/november-2015-paris-attacks-belgian-prosecutors-hand-over-salah-abdeslam-a-key-suspect-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-to-french-autho.md) _Context: Belgium, France_
5. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
6. [2015 Roubaix shootings. At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/2015-roubaix-shootings-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix.md) _Context: Belgium, France_
7. [A Swiss Boeing F/A-18 military jet crashes in France while on a training mission, injuring the pilot. The Swiss defense ministry has said it did not know what caused the accident. ](/news/2015/10/14/a-swiss-boeing-f-a-18-military-jet-crashes-in-france-while-on-a-training-mission-injuring-the-pilot-the-swiss-defense-ministry-has-said-it.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
8. [John Kerry, the United States Secretary of State, is taken to hospital in Switzerland with a broken leg following a cycling accident in the nearby French town of Scionzier. Kerry had been in Geneva negotiating with the Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. ](/news/2015/05/31/john-kerry-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-is-taken-to-hospital-in-switzerland-with-a-broken-leg-following-a-cycling-accident-in-the.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
9. [The world's two largest cement manufacturers, LaFarge of France and Holcim of Switzerland, agree to a merger that would create a firm with a market value of $55 billion. ](/news/2014/04/6/the-world-s-two-largest-cement-manufacturers-lafarge-of-france-and-holcim-of-switzerland-agree-to-a-merger-that-would-create-a-firm-with-a.md) _Context: France, Switzerland_
10. [Famous actor Gerard Depardieu decides to give up his French citizenship and move to Belgium for a permanent residence to avoid taxes. ](/news/2012/12/17/famous-actor-ga-c-rard-depardieu-decides-to-give-up-his-french-citizenship-and-move-to-belgium-for-a-permanent-residence-to-avoid-taxes.md) _Context: Belgium, France_
