### [2014-04-16](/news/2014/04/16/index.md)

# 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:Yonhap news agency reports that the Republic of Korea Coast Guard has been dispatched to rescue a ferry with 476 passengers sinking off the southeastern coast of South Korea with claims that at least four passengers have died and scores are injured.  Approximately 280 people remain unaccounted for.  

Almost 300 people remain unaccounted for after a ferry carrying 459 people capsized and sank off South Korea, officials say.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Nine MSN](http://news.ninemsn.com.au/world/2014/04/16/12/48/rescue-for-450-on-sinking-s-korea-ferry)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/reports-ferry-471-people-sinking-skorea)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-27045512#)

### Related:

1. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
2. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
3. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
4. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
5. [Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan-air-base-in-a-show-of-force-following.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
6. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports North Korea appears to conduct a submarine-launched ballistic missile test that ended in failure with no indication that the missile successfully ejected from the vessel and took off.  ](/news/2015/11/28/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-north-korea-appears-to-conduct-a-submarine-launched-ballistic-missile-test-that-ended-in-failure-wi.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
7. [South Korean news agency Yonhap  reports China's mobile phone users are discarding 80 million devices annually, but almost none are being recycled. China's recycling rate stands at 9-10 percent of the global recycling average. ](/news/2015/11/13/south-korean-news-agency-yonhap-reports-china-s-mobile-phone-users-are-discarding-80-million-devices-annually-but-almost-none-are-being-re.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
8. [2014 South Korean ferry capsizing:Republic of Korea Coast Guard and Navy divers resume the search for 290 missing people from yesterday's ferry capsizing off the coast of the island of Jindo. ](/news/2014/04/17/2014-south-korean-ferry-capsizing-prepublic-of-korea-coast-guard-and-navy-divers-resume-the-search-for-290-missing-people-from-yesterday-s-f.md) _Context: 2014 South Korean ferry capsizing, Republic of Korea Coast Guard_
9. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea has installed an Unha rocket at its Dongchang-ri launch site. Japan is threatening to shoot down the rocket if it manages to stay airborne and threaten Japanese territory. ](/news/2012/12/3/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-has-installed-an-unha-rocket-at-its-dongchang-ri-launch-site-japan-is-threatening.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
10. [The South Korean Yonhap news agency reports that the President of South Korea Lee Myung-bak is considering visiting the disputed Liancourt Rocks, which are also claimed by Japan. ](/news/2012/08/10/the-south-korean-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-is-considering-visiting-the-disputed-liancourt-r.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
