### [2010-07-3](/news/2010/07/3/index.md)

# More than 10,000 Palestinians, including many patients needing medical treatment, are reported to have crossed into Egypt via the Rafah border since its 1 June opening in the aftermath of the Gaza flotilla raid. 

Families cry foul as Hamas pulls down houses saying they were built on government land.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/video/middleeast/2010/07/201073112513594641.html)
2. [Independent Online](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=123&art_id=nw20100703145441748C453569)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah, State of Palestine_
2. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah_
3. [The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean, just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. ](/news/2015/07/16/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-greater-syria-isis-has-claimed-that-it-sank-an-egyptian-patrol-boat-in-the-mediterranean-just-off-the-coast.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah_
4. [The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks-which-were-report.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah_
5. [Israel and Palestinian factions agree to a fresh 72-hour ceasefire, brokered by Egypt, which is due to begin at 21:00 GMT. ](/news/2014/08/10/israel-and-palestinian-factions-agree-to-a-fresh-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-egypt-which-is-due-to-begin-at-21-00-gmt.md) _Context: Egypt, State of Palestine_
6. [An Egyptian court bans the Palestinian group Hamas and orders its offices in the country to be shut down and all dealings with the group suspended. The court also brands it as a terrorist organization. [http://www.dw.de/egypt-bans-hamas-labels-it-a-terrorist-organization/a-17472158 "(DW)"] [http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/egypt-court-outlaws-hamas-brands-muslim-brotherhood-offshoot-terrorists-1438816 "(International Business Times)"]](/news/2014/03/4/an-egyptian-court-bans-the-palestinian-group-hamas-and-orders-its-offices-in-the-country-to-be-shut-down-and-all-dealings-with-the-group-sus.md) _Context: Egypt, State of Palestine_
7. [Two suicide bombers ram a car with explosives. Egyptian military says one hit the local branch of military intelligence, while the other struck an army checkpoint in Rafah killing nine soldiers and wounding 17 others. ](/news/2013/09/11/two-suicide-bombers-ram-a-car-with-explosives-egyptian-military-says-one-hit-the-local-branch-of-military-intelligence-while-the-other-str.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah_
8. [Over 1,500 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli prisons end their mass hunger strike after reaching an agreement with Israeli authorities in an Egyptian-mediated deal. ](/news/2012/05/14/over-1-500-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-prisons-end-their-mass-hunger-strike-after-reaching-an-agreement-with-israeli-authorities-in-an.md) _Context: Egypt, State of Palestine_
9. [The Arab League, speaking in Cairo, states written guarantees are required if Palestine is to enter into direct negotiations with Israel as Egyptian, Israeli, Palestinian and American representatives meet to talk. ](/news/2010/07/18/the-arab-league-speaking-in-cairo-states-written-guarantees-are-required-if-palestine-is-to-enter-into-direct-negotiations-with-israel-as.md) _Context: Egypt, State of Palestine_
10. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza flotilla raid_
