### [2010-07-3](/news/2010/07/3/index.md)

# Poland and the United States sign a deal in Krakow allowing the United States to position an American anti-missile shield in Poland to defend Europe from the perceived threat of Iran and other countries: Russia objects. 

Clinton cites Iranian threats to counter Russian objections to anti-missile shield deployment.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/07/2010731815728252.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
2. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Polish, Russia, United States_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
4. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
5. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
6. [China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and United States urge Iran to co-operate with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2012/05/3/china-france-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-urge-iran-to-co-operate-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
7. [Iran and world powers, including the United States, Russia, and China, begin talks about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/04/14/iran-and-world-powers-including-the-united-states-russia-and-china-begin-talks-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
8. [The United States is pleased after Russia suggests Iran could build a nuclear weapon in future, an unusual admission from Moscow. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-united-states-is-pleased-after-russia-suggests-iran-could-build-a-nuclear-weapon-in-future-an-unusual-admission-from-moscow.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
9. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
10. [ Officials from the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China and the United States express "regret" at Iran's refusal to accept nuclear proposals. ](/news/2009/11/20/officials-from-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-russia-china-and-the-united-states-express-regret-at-iran-s-refusal-to-accept-nuclea.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United States_
