### [2010-07-3](/news/2010/07/3/index.md)

# United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". 




### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/07/2010731494284688.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [ Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mccain-becoming-the-first-african-am.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Republican, U.S._
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, U.S._
3. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, U.S._
4. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, Republican_
5. [United States Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele again resist calls for him to step down after he asserted that the War in Afghanistan was a "war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/8/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-again-resist-calls-for-him-to-step-down-after-he-asserted-that-the-war-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Michael Steele, Republican, U.S._
6. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduce.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S._
7. [ US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" ](/news/2009/09/9/us-representative-joe-wilson-r-sc-interrupts-president-barack-obama-s-health-care-speech-to-the-congress-with-an-audible-shout-of-you-li.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Republican, U.S._
8. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, Republican, U.S._
9. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S._
10. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic, U.S._
