### [2012-02-20](/news/2012/02/20/index.md)

# Narendra Modi, the Chief Minister of the Indian state of Gujarat, orders an inquiry into the death of six people at a stampede at the Bhavnath Hindu temple in the Junagadh district over the weekend. 

Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has ordered an inquiry in the stampede at the Bhavnath temple in Junagadh district, where six devotees including three women were killed. At least 30 others were injured in the incident that took place during the annual Mahashivratri fair held at the foothills of Mount Girnar. Till about midnight, the injured were still being shifted to Junagadh Civil Hospital.


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/india/modi-orders-inquiry-after-six-dead-in-temple-stampede-177796&cp)

### Related:

1. [A special Gujarat state court charges 32 people with murder, including Maya Kodnani, later a minister in the Narendra Modi government, for their parts in the riots that led to the killing of 95 people in the Patia neighborhood of Naroda, India. ](/news/2012/08/29/a-special-gujarat-state-court-charges-32-people-with-murder-including-maya-kodnani-later-a-minister-in-the-narendra-modi-government-for-t.md) _Context: Gujarat, India, Narendra Modi_
2. [The Indian state of Gujarat passes a law which makes the slaughter of a cow punishable by life imprisonment. ](/news/2017/03/31/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-passes-a-law-which-makes-the-slaughter-of-a-cow-punishable-by-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: Gujarat, India_
3. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin sign several agreements including a $12.9 billion defense and energy deal. Russian state oil major Rosneft pays for a controlling stake in both India's Essar Oil and port facilities that it already owns. ](/news/2016/10/15/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-sign-several-agreements-including-a-12-9-billion-defense-and-energ.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
4. [Indian general strike of 2016. Around 180 million people are claimed to be striking in India against Prime Minister Narendra Modi's economic privatization plans. The strike is allegedly the largest in human history. ](/news/2016/09/3/indian-general-strike-of-2016-around-180-million-people-are-claimed-to-be-striking-in-india-against-prime-minister-narendra-modi-s-economic.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
5. [Kollam temple fire. A fire occurs at a Hindu temple in the Kollam district of the Indian state of Kerala. At least 102 people have been killed and hundreds injured. ](/news/2016/04/10/kollam-temple-fire-a-fire-occurs-at-a-hindu-temple-in-the-kollam-district-of-the-indian-state-of-kerala-at-least-102-people-have-been-kill.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
6. [At least 37 people die in the Indian state of Gujarat after a passenger bus plunges off a bridge over the Purna River. ](/news/2016/02/5/at-least-37-people-die-in-the-indian-state-of-gujarat-after-a-passenger-bus-plunges-off-a-bridge-over-the-purna-river.md) _Context: Gujarat, India_
7. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
8. [Seven people are feared dead after a helicopter crashes in the Indian town of Katra, Jammu and Kashmir, near the Hindu shrine of Vaishno Devi. ](/news/2015/11/23/seven-people-are-feared-dead-after-a-helicopter-crashes-in-the-indian-town-of-katra-jammu-and-kashmir-near-the-hindu-shrine-of-vaishno-dev.md) _Context: Hindu, India_
9. [Nayantara Sahgal, is one of the latest authors in India who will return that nation-s highest award from the National Academy of Letters in protest against what Salman Rushdie has characterized as "thuggish violence" creeping into Indian life under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ](/news/2015/10/17/nayantara-sahgal-is-one-of-the-latest-authors-in-india-who-will-return-that-nation-s-highest-award-from-the-national-academy-of-letters-i.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
10. [150 million workers go on strike in India to oppose Prime Minister Narendra Modi's labour market reforms. ](/news/2015/09/2/150-million-workers-go-on-strike-in-india-to-oppose-prime-minister-narendra-modi-s-labour-market-reforms.md) _Context: India, Narendra Modi_
