### [2017-06-30](/news/2017/06/30/index.md)

# China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. 

In the midst of face off between India and Chinese troops over road construction on the borders of a plateau in Bhutan, which China claims, Beijing said withdrawal from the Doklam plateau by the Indian troops was prerequisite for any dialogue.


### Source:

1. [Financial Express](http://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/china-asks-india-to-back-down-learn-from-historical-lessons/742139/)

### Related:

1. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Bhutan, Bhutan-China relations, China-India relations, Chinese, Doklam tri-junction, India_
2. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: Bhutan, Bhutan-China relations, China-India relations, Chinese, Doklam tri-junction, India_
3. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: Bhutan-China relations, China-India relations, Chinese, Doklam tri-junction, India_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Bhutan, Bhutan-China relations, China-India relations, Chinese, India_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: Bhutan, Bhutan-China relations, China-India relations, Chinese, India_
6. [China and India sign a new border defence agreement aimed at improving bilateral relations. ](/news/2013/10/23/china-and-india-sign-a-new-border-defence-agreement-aimed-at-improving-bilateral-relations.md) _Context: China-India relations, Chinese, India_
7. [In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military-exercises-focusing-on-co.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
8. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
9. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Chinese, India_
10. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
