### [2017-06-30](/news/2017/06/30/index.md)

# Politics of France: France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen is under investigation for alleged misuse of European Union funding. 

Magistrates in France have placed Marine Le Pen under formal investigation. This comes after preliminary inquiries into allegations that European


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/marine-le-pen-far-right-leader-france-charged-misuse-european-parliament-funds/)
2. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2017/06/30/french-far-right-leader-marine-le-pen-placed-under-formal-investigation-on)

### Related:

1. [France-Russia relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: European Union, Marine Le Pen, National Front_
2. [French presidential election, 2017: Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
3. [2017 French presidential election: Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-french-presidential-election-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-announces-she-is-stepping-down-as-leader-of-the-national-front.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
4. [French presidential election, 2017: With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
5. [France-Lebanon relations: French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen leaves before her scheduled meeting in Beirut with Lebanon's top Sunni Muslim religious leader, Grand Mufti Abdellatif Deryan, following her refusal to accept the offered headscarf to cover her hair. Le Pen's aides had been informed earlier about the traditional, religious need for a headscarf for this meeting. ](/news/2017/02/21/france-lebanon-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-leaves-before-her-scheduled-meeting-in-beirut-with-le.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
6. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-poll.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
7. [France's National Front confirms 42-year-old Marine Le Pen as party leader, succeeding her father Jean-Marie Le Pen. ](/news/2011/01/16/france-s-national-front-confirms-42-year-old-marine-le-pen-as-party-leader-succeeding-her-father-jean-marie-le-pen.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
8. [Poland in the European Union: The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: European Union_
9. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: European Union_
10. [Bank of America: Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: European Union_
