### [2017-06-30](/news/2017/06/30/index.md)

# The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany, with 393 votes in favor and 226 against. The law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. 

MPs pass bill granting gay and lesbian couples full rights, including on adoption


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/30/germany-poised-legalise-same-sex-marriage-bill-law)

### Related:

1. [German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition-for-a-parliamentary-vote.md) _Context: Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany, same-sex marriage_
2. [The Bundestag approves a ban on burqas being worn by members of the German civil service. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-bundestag-approves-a-ban-on-burqas-being-worn-by-members-of-the-german-civil-service.md) _Context: Bundestag_
3. [The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-genocide-provoking-a-furious-reac.md) _Context: Bundestag_
4. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection.  The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: Bundestag_
5. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill  that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
6. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
7. [Filipino Senate candidate and boxer Manny Pacquiao calls LGBT people "less than animals" when asked about his opposition to same-sex marriage, prompting condemnation from prominent Filipino LGBT figures such as Aiza Seguerra, John Lapus and Vice Ganda. Pacquiao later apologizes. ](/news/2016/02/16/filipino-senate-candidate-and-boxer-manny-pacquiao-calls-lgbt-people-less-than-animals-when-asked-about-his-opposition-to-same-sex-marriag.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
8. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: Bundestag_
9. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) new policy states those in a same-sex marriage are to be considered apostates, and children living in a same-sex household may not be blessed as babies, or baptized until they are 18. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-mormon-new-policy-states-those-in-a-same-sex-marriage-are-to-be-considered-apostates-and.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the  Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-r.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
