### [2017-06-30](/news/2017/06/30/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order re-establishing the National Space Council, which was disbanded in 1993. 

Vice President Pence will head the council, but a NASA administrator has yet to be appointed.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/speaking-of-science/wp/2017/06/30/trump-relaunches-the-national-space-council/?utm_term=.402f2fb0206c)

### Related:

1. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
2. [Turkey-United States relations. The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
3. [South Korea-United States relations. A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/south-korea-united-states-relations-a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
4. [United States President Donald Trump approves the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. ](/news/2017/03/24/united-states-president-donald-trump-approves-the-controversial-keystone-xl-pipeline.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
5. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
6. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partner.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
8. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump is named Time Person of the Year. ](/news/2016/12/7/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-is-named-time-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
9. [ After a meeting with President-elect of the United States Donald Trump, Masayoshi Son of SoftBank Group pledges to invest $50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 jobs. ](/news/2016/12/6/after-a-meeting-with-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-masayoshi-son-of-softbank-group-pledges-to-invest-50-billion-in-th.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
10. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
