### [2000-09-27](/news/2000/09/27/index.md)

#  Anti-globalization protests in Prague, at the summit of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.




### Related:

1. [ President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez announces that Venezuela will withdraw from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. ](/news/2007/04/30/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-announces-that-venezuela-will-withdraw-from-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-world-bank.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
2. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
3. [ The U.S. raises the security alert level to high for the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C., the New York Stock Exchange and companies in the New York City area on Sunday after intelligence signals a possible al Qaeda attack. ](/news/2004/08/1/the-u-s-raises-the-security-alert-level-to-high-for-the-world-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-in-washington-d-c-the-new-york-s.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
4. [ The International Monetary Fund has joined the World Bank in forgiving US$4 billion of the $6.5bn debt owed by Nicaragua, sharply reducing the nation's overall debt payments.](/news/2004/01/23/the-international-monetary-fund-has-joined-the-world-bank-in-forgiving-us-4-billion-of-the-6-5bn-debt-owed-by-nicaragua-sharply-reducing.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
5. [ An internal investigation by the Washington, D.C., police department indicates that hundreds of people arrested for failure to obey a police order to disperse at Pershing Park on September 27, 2002, during protests against the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund were never actually ordered to disperse before being arrested. MPDC Chief Charles Ramsey was unapologetic, indicating that the actions of the police were necessary to protect the city.](/news/2003/02/27/an-internal-investigation-by-the-washington-d-c-police-department-indicates-that-hundreds-of-people-arrested-for-failure-to-obey-a-polic.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
6. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives and the International Monetary Fund and other international partners on a three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners-on.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
10. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
