### [2013-10-9](/news/2013/10/9/index.md)

# The 25th Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit and 8th East Asia Summit are held in Brunei. 




### Source:

1. [Russia India Report](http://indrus.in/world/2013/10/08/southeast_asia_in_global_spotlight_with_apec_asean_and_east_asia_summit_29985.html)

### Related:

1. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: During one of the meetings of the 50th Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum at Manila, the foreign ministers of the member nations issued a communique "emphasizing the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint," ending an impasse regarding the disputes on the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-during-one-of-the-meetings-of-the-50th-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-regional-forum-at.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
2. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
3. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia continues to block consensus in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. The country has political and economical dependencies with China. ](/news/2016/07/24/philippines-v-china-cambodia-continues-to-block-consensus-in-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-the-country-has-politic.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
4. ["Philippines v. China": Cambodia and Laos cause discord at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting after they block a joint statement by the group regarding the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/23/philippines-v-china-cambodia-and-laos-cause-discord-at-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-after-they-block-a-joint-state.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
5. [South China Sea disputes: Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, -... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said. In addition to China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/south-china-sea-disputes-philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-ne.md) _Context: Brunei_
6. [The governments of Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei ban celebrations of Christmas, with punishments ranging up to a five-year jail term. Each country has a majority-Muslim population. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-governments-of-somalia-tajikistan-and-brunei-ban-celebrations-of-christmas-with-punishments-ranging-up-to-a-five-year-jail-term-each.md) _Context: Brunei_
7. [An Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) meeting in Malaysia fails to agree on a joint communique following disagreement between China and other nations over the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/11/4/an-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-asean-meeting-in-malaysia-fails-to-agree-on-a-joint-communique-following-disagreement-between-ch.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
8. [The ten members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations agree to set up an economic community to commence on January 1, 2016. ](/news/2015/11/22/the-ten-members-of-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-agree-to-set-up-an-economic-community-to-commence-on-january-1-2016.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
9. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Brunei_
10. [Brunei officially bans all future public celebrations of Christmas, in accordance with its conservative Islamic law Shariah. ](/news/2015/01/8/brunei-officially-bans-all-future-public-celebrations-of-christmas-in-accordance-with-its-conservative-islamic-law-shariah.md) _Context: Brunei_
