### [2013-10-9](/news/2013/10/9/index.md)

# Voters in Azerbaijan go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Ilham Aliyev expected to be elected amid concerns about the fairness of the election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24450227)

### Related:

1. [ Armenian President Robert Kocharyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev agree to allow the residents of Nagorno-Karabakh to decide the region's future status through a popular vote. ](/news/2006/06/27/armenian-president-robert-kocharyan-and-azerbaijani-president-ilham-aliyev-agree-to-allow-the-residents-of-nagorno-karabakh-to-decide-the-r.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev's, President_
2. [Azerbaijani parliamentary election, 2015. Azeri voters go to the polls for a parliamentary election, which Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev's ruling New Azerbaijan Party is widely expected to win since the The Musavat (Equality) Party and other Azerbaijani mainstream opposition parties are boycotting. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) is not monitoring the election because the restrictions imposed by the authorities make credible poll monitoring impossible. ](/news/2015/11/1/azerbaijani-parliamentary-election-2015-azeri-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-which-azerbaijan-president-ilham-aliyev.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev's_
3. [ Ilham Aliyev, President of Azerbaijan wins an 89.04 percent landslide victory in the Azerbaijani presidential election to get re-elected. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe criticizes the elections, though it notes progress. ](/news/2008/10/16/ilham-aliyev-president-of-azerbaijan-wins-an-89-04-percent-landslide-victory-in-the-azerbaijani-presidential-election-to-get-re-elected-t.md) _Context: Ilham Aliyev's, President_
4. [ In Azerbaijan, president Ilham Aliyev announces pardons for 114 people, including 7 opposition leaders and total of 50 political prisoners ](/news/2005/03/20/in-azerbaijan-president-ilham-aliyev-announces-pardons-for-114-people-including-7-opposition-leaders-and-total-of-50-political-prisoners.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev's_
5. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
6. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017. In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
7. [Azerbaijani First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva, who is widely considered to be in line to succeed her husband, is named vice president. ](/news/2017/02/21/azerbaijani-first-lady-mehriban-aliyeva-who-is-widely-considered-to-be-in-line-to-succeed-her-husband-is-named-vice-president.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
8. [Four alleged extremists planning terror attacks in Azerbaijan are killed in a shootout with the country's security forces; one suspect is arrested. The State Security Service says the group was connected to an unspecified religious extremist group abroad. ](/news/2017/02/1/four-alleged-extremists-planning-terror-attacks-in-azerbaijan-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-country-s-security-forces-one-suspect-is-ar.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
9. [Imprisoned Azerbaijani journalist Khadija Ismayilova is announced as the winner of the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for 2016 for "her outstanding contribution to press freedom in difficult circumstances." ](/news/2016/05/3/imprisoned-azerbaijani-journalist-khadija-ismayilova-is-announced-as-the-winner-of-the-unesco-guillermo-cano-world-press-freedom-prize-for-2.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
10. [ 2016 Silk Way Airlines Antonov An-12 crash. An Azerbaijani cargo airplane crashes during landing in southern Afghanistan, killing seven out of its nine crew members. ](/news/2016/05/19/2016-silk-way-airlines-antonov-an-12-crash-an-azerbaijani-cargo-airplane-crashes-during-landing-in-southern-afghanistan-killing-seven-out.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
