### [2017-04-25](/news/2017/04/25/index.md)

# North Korea-United States relations: The USS "Michigan" docks at Busan, South Korea, amid growing concerns over North Korean weapons development. 

It comes amid heightened tensions, and fears North Korea is planning more nuclear or missile tests.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39701481)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
2. [United States embargoes: The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/united-states-embargoes-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
3. [North Korea-United States relations: The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-ot.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
4. [North Korea-United States relations: Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/north-korea-united-states-relations-following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
5. [North Korea-United States relations: American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
6. [North Korea-United States relations: After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
7. [North Korea-United States relations: A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/north-korea-united-states-relations-a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
8. [ North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-United States relations: North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to -maximum pace- and test a nuclear device -at any time- in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
9. [North Korea-United States relations: Two Rockwell B-1B Lancer heavy bombers are flown over the Korean Peninsula by the United States, leading North Korea to accuse the US of preparing for nuclear warfare. ](/news/2017/05/1/north-korea-united-states-relations-two-rockwell-b-1b-lancer-heavy-bombers-are-flown-over-the-korean-peninsula-by-the-united-states-lead.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
10. [North Korea-United States relations: The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
