### [2017-04-25](/news/2017/04/25/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals"




### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/newswires/news/national/israel-pm-cancels-talk-german-fm-rare-spat-ally-article-1.3097615)

### Related:

1. [Gaza Flotilla II:Israel denies pressuring Greece to stop the ships participating in the flotilla from departing; Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu's inner cabinet instructs the Israel Defense Forces to stop it. ](/news/2011/06/27/gaza-flotilla-ii-pisrael-denies-pressuring-greece-to-stop-the-ships-participating-in-the-flotilla-from-departing-prime-minister-of-israel-b.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel Defense Forces, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [At a NATO meeting, German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel rejects as "quite unrealistic" the belief that Germany would spend 2% of GDP on the military. He says other spending such as development aid should be taken into account. ](/news/2017/03/31/at-a-nato-meeting-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-rejects-as-quite-unrealistic-the-belief-that-germany-would-spend-2-of-gdp-on-th.md) _Context: Sigmar Gabriel, foreign minister of Germany_
4. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-continue-peace-negotiations-that-have-stall.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
