### [2008-07-6](/news/2008/07/6/index.md)

#  Gunmen kill a United Nations official in Mogadishu as he leaves a mosque and injure two others. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/africa/07/06/somalia.attack.ap/)

### Related:

1. [A mosque under refurbishment in the Somalian capital Mogadishu collapses during Friday prayers resulting in at least 15 deaths. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-mosque-under-refurbishment-in-the-somalian-capital-mogadishu-collapses-during-friday-prayers-resulting-in-at-least-15-deaths.md) _Context: Mogadishu, mosque_
2. [The United Nations World Food Programme prepares an airlift to Mogadishu in Somalia to help relieve the 2011 Horn of Africa famine. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-prepares-an-airlift-to-mogadishu-in-somalia-to-help-relieve-the-2011-horn-of-africa-famine.md) _Context: Mogadishu, United Nations_
3. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Mogadishu, United Nations_
4. [Dozens of people are killed by twin bomb blasts inside a Mogadishu mosque. ](/news/2010/05/1/dozens-of-people-are-killed-by-twin-bomb-blasts-inside-a-mogadishu-mosque.md) _Context: Mogadishu, mosque_
5. [ The African Union says a twin bombing that killed 17 peacekeepers on its base in Mogadishu, Somalia, was conducted in UN marked cars. ](/news/2009/09/18/the-african-union-says-a-twin-bombing-that-killed-17-peacekeepers-on-its-base-in-mogadishu-somalia-was-conducted-in-un-marked-cars.md) _Context: Mogadishu, United Nations_
6. [ The United Nations says around 204,000 people have fled violence in Mogadishu, Somalia as a result of a militant offensive against government forces. ](/news/2009/07/7/the-united-nations-says-around-204-000-people-have-fled-violence-in-mogadishu-somalia-as-a-result-of-a-militant-offensive-against-governme.md) _Context: Mogadishu, United Nations_
7. [ Ali Mohammed Ghedi, the interim Prime Minister of Somalia, says he plans to create a Green Zone in Mogadishu and criticizes the United Nations for giving "so much emphasis on Darfur and not to Somalia". ](/news/2007/08/15/ali-mohammed-ghedi-the-interim-prime-minister-of-somalia-says-he-plans-to-create-a-green-zone-in-mogadishu-and-criticizes-the-united-nati.md) _Context: Mogadishu, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the country's new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-country-s-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-f.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
