### [2012-01-25](/news/2012/01/25/index.md)

# The United Nations says a new foreign judge at the Khmer Rouge trial can continue cases without the support of Cambodia. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hpYTYfSHEZr_IIkjqYZNtwHltYew?docId=CNG.395cbff6513ef279d9abe6e1e7878179.c1)

### Related:

1. [Nuon Chea, the most senior surviving Khmer Rouge leader, is declared fit for trial by a United Nations-backed court in Cambodia. ](/news/2013/03/30/nuon-chea-the-most-senior-surviving-khmer-rouge-leader-is-declared-fit-for-trial-by-a-united-nations-backed-court-in-cambodia.md) _Context: Cambodia, United Nations_
2. [A United Nations-backed tribunal in Cambodia holds its first hearings in the trial of four former senior Khmer Rouge officials, including former head of state Khieu Samphan and Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea. ](/news/2011/06/27/a-united-nations-backed-tribunal-in-cambodia-holds-its-first-hearings-in-the-trial-of-four-former-senior-khmer-rouge-officials-including-fo.md) _Context: Cambodia, United Nations_
3. [A United Nations World Heritage Site is damaged and collapses due to a dispute between Cambodia and Thailand. ](/news/2011/02/6/a-united-nations-world-heritage-site-is-damaged-and-collapses-due-to-a-dispute-between-cambodia-and-thailand.md) _Context: Cambodia, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia indict four Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their role in the  regime in the late 1970s, including Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea, former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary, Social Affairs minister Ieng Thirith and head of state Khieu Samphan. ](/news/2010/09/16/the-united-nations-backed-extraordinary-chambers-in-the-courts-of-cambodia-indict-four-khmer-rouge-leaders-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crim.md) _Context: Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia, United Nations_
5. [ The war crimes trial of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia hears its final arguments. ](/news/2009/11/23/the-war-crimes-trial-of-the-khmer-rouge-in-cambodia-hears-its-final-arguments.md) _Context: Cambodia, Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia_
6. [ Former Khmer Rouge member Kang Kek Iew's trial begins in Cambodia. ](/news/2009/03/30/former-khmer-rouge-member-kang-kek-iew-s-trial-begins-in-cambodia.md) _Context: Cambodia, Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia_
7. [ Former Khmer Rouge leader Kang Kek Iew stands trial before the Extraordinary Chambers in Cambodia.  ](/news/2009/02/17/former-khmer-rouge-leader-kang-kek-iew-stands-trial-before-the-extraordinary-chambers-in-cambodia.md) _Context: Cambodia, Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia_
8. [ Japan pledges over $21M in support of a United Nations-backed independent tribunal of Khmer Rouge leaders in Cambodia. The proposed tribunal is for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2005/02/11/japan-pledges-over-21m-in-support-of-a-united-nations-backed-independent-tribunal-of-khmer-rouge-leaders-in-cambodia-the-proposed-tribuna.md) _Context: Cambodia, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
