### [2017-07-7](/news/2017/07/7/index.md)

# 2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. 

Teargas and water cannon deployed outside Elbphilharmonie concert hall while inside world leaders listen to Ode to Joy


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_GERMANY_G20_SUMMIT)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_UNITED_STATES_RUSSIA_SYRIA)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/07/europe/ode-to-joy-beethoven-g20-merkel-trump/index.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-ceasefire-idUSKBN19S2DG)
5. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/07/g20-protests-hamburg-altona-messehalle)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations. When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks. Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/russia-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrabl.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare. The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States President_
7. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Women in Russia. President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/women-in-russia-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [German police storm a refugee center in Hamburg after a knife-wielding man barricades himself in a room with a pregnant woman believed to be his partner. The man was injured before he was arrested. ](/news/2017/02/28/german-police-storm-a-refugee-center-in-hamburg-after-a-knife-wielding-man-barricades-himself-in-a-room-with-a-pregnant-woman-believed-to-be.md) _Context: Germany, Hamburg_
