### [2017-07-7](/news/2017/07/7/index.md)

# A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-lawsuit-idUSKBN19S2NZ)

### Related:

1. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson extends the definition of "close family members" to include grandparents, aunts, and uncles, thereby exempting them from President Donald Trump's travel ban on six Muslim-majority nations. ](/news/2017/07/13/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-phawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-extends-the-definition-of-close-family-members-to-include.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Executive Order 13780_
2. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Executive Order 13780_
3. [A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-implementation-of-revised-executive-or.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
4. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Executive Order 13780, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
6. [Hawaii U.S. Senator Brian Schatz criticizes Donald Trump for calling the Philippines a 'terrorist' country. ](/news/2016/08/6/hawaii-u-s-senator-brian-schatz-criticizes-donald-trump-for-calling-the-philippines-a-terrorist-country.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
7. [In response to persistent accusations by potential Republican primary candidate Donald Trump and others, President of the United States Barack Obama releases his long-form birth certificate, certifying his birth in the state of Hawaii. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-response-to-persistent-accusations-by-potential-republican-primary-candidate-donald-trump-and-others-president-of-the-united-states-bara.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Hawaii_
8. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
