### [2017-07-7](/news/2017/07/7/index.md)

# Economy of the United States. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. 

Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD.O) is closing eight of its namesake department stores and 35 Kmart locations to cut costs and square footage in an effort to return to profitability, Chief Executive Officer Eddie Lampert said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-oncor-m-a-berkshire-hathaway-idUSKBN19R2NF)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-sears-restructuring-idUSKBN19S2K4)

### Related:

1. [Economy of the United States. The U.S. economy added over 200,000 jobs last month, dropping the country's unemployment rate to match a previous 16-year low at 4.3%. Wage growth remained below the Federal Reserve Board's target of 3.5%. ](/news/2017/08/4/economy-of-the-united-states-the-u-s-economy-added-over-200-000-jobs-last-month-dropping-the-country-s-unemployment-rate-to-match-a-previ.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
2. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: Texas_
3. [Economy of the United States. New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
4. [Economy of the United States. Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/economy-of-the-united-states-robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-a.md) _Context: Economy of the United States_
5. [April 2017 North American storm complex. At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017. Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas_
