### [2017-07-7](/news/2017/07/7/index.md)

# The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. 

Nearly two-thirds of United Nations states agreed on Friday to a treaty to ban nuclear weapons after months of talks, which were boycotted by the United States, Britain, France and others who instead pledged commitment to a decades-old Non-Proliferation Treaty.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-nuclear-un-idUSKBN19S2F5)

### Related:

1. [ NATO plans on sending seven warships to protect United Nations food aid from Piracy in Somalia. ](/news/2008/10/9/nato-plans-on-sending-seven-warships-to-protect-united-nations-food-aid-from-piracy-in-somalia.md) _Context: NATO, United Nations_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Russian and Georgian forces exchange prisoners of war. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/LJ326260.htm (Reuters)] Russia begins to withdraw troops from Georgia proper according to eyewitness accounts. [http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idINIndia-35081820080819 (Reuters)] Russia temporarily closes its borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan to prevent terrorist groups from crossing into Russia. [http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/world/article.php?id=18196858 (Delfi)] [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/LJ292582.htm (Reuters)] A United Nations aid convoy which entered Gori on Sunday reports evidence of large-scale looting. "While the buildings did not appear to be very damaged, there are clear signs of massive looting of both shops and private accommodations," the office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees says. [http://www.canada.com/vancouversun/news/story.html?id=27b09bd1-80b6-4921-9970-582b8dc82928 (''The Vancouver Sun'')] Alexander Stubb, the current Chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe says that Russia has agreed to a beefed-up monitoring mission for Georgia's disputed region of South Ossetia. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5ie8DYGY9dpRmi_L5SrB1S9G1h3CAD92L9K5O0 (AP via Google News)] NATO cools relations with Russia. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7570394.stm (BBC News)] [http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/world/article.php?id=18204083 (Delfi)] NATO says Russia is not honoring cease-fire terms.](/news/2008/08/19/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russian-and-georgian-forces-exchange-prisoners-of-war-http-www-alertnet-org-thenews-newsdesk-lj326260-htm-reu.md) _Context: NATO, United Nations_
3. [ Kosovo War: Operation Joint Guardian begins - NATO-led United Nations peacekeeping force KFOR enter the province of Kosovo in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.](/news/1999/06/12/kosovo-war-operation-joint-guardian-begins-nato-led-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-kfor-enter-the-province-of-kosovo-in-federal-repub.md) _Context: NATO, United Nations_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: NATO_
