### [2017-07-7](/news/2017/07/7/index.md)

# Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. 

With many Venezuelans angry at the government and planning to sit out a July 30 vote for a new superbody assembly, President Nicolas Maduro has ordered all state workers to take part, seeking to avoid an embarrassingly low turnout.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKBN19S229)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Venezuela participate in a controversial election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicols Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Protests and strikes are expected. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-a-controversial-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicolas-madur.md) _Context: Venezuela, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
2. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
3. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders,  just  days before  Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursday-s-scheduled-nat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
