### [2016-10-30](/news/2016/10/30/index.md)

# Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and EU officials sign the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA). 

Canada and the EU sign the long-delayed Ceta free trade deal at a summit in Brussels.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37814884)

### Related:

1. [Belgian politicians, including those from the dissident Wallonia region, agree on  Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement language that addresses Walloon concerns. This ends the deadlock on CETA, though the revised text must again be approved by the other 27 EU member states. ](/news/2016/10/27/belgian-politicians-including-those-from-the-dissident-wallonia-region-agree-on-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreement-language-that.md) _Context: Canada-European Union relations, Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, European Union_
2. [The European Union calls an emergency two-day meeting about the planned EU-Canada free trade agreement, approved by all 28 EU member governments but held up by the "non" vote in Walloonia, one of Belgium's five sub-federal administrations. ](/news/2016/10/20/the-european-union-calls-an-emergency-two-day-meeting-about-the-planned-eu-canada-free-trade-agreement-approved-by-all-28-eu-member-governm.md) _Context: Canada-European Union relations, Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, European Union_
3. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says his government has "compelling reason to believe" that Robert Hall, who was held hostage in the Philippines, has been killed by his captors, presumably the same Abu Sayyaf militants who beheaded another Canadian, John Ridsdel, on 25 April 2016. ](/news/2016/06/13/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-says-his-government-has-compelling-reason-to-believe-that-robert-hall-who-was-held-hostage-in-the.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau_
4. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide  and Marriott International   shareholders  approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest  hotelier.   The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-wil.md) _Context: Canada, European Union_
5. [The Prime Minister of Canada and the European Union tentatively sign a free trade and copyright agreement. ](/news/2013/10/18/the-prime-minister-of-canada-and-the-european-union-tentatively-sign-a-free-trade-and-copyright-agreement.md) _Context: Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, European Union_
6. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau_
7. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau_
8. [ Canada challenges the seal ban of the European Union at the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/07/27/canada-challenges-the-seal-ban-of-the-european-union-at-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: Canada, European Union_
9. [ Liberal MP Jean Lapierre resigns from the Canadian House of Commons. Justin Trudeau is likely to be the Liberals' candidate in the next election in the Outremont riding. ](/news/2007/01/11/liberal-mp-jean-lapierre-resigns-from-the-canadian-house-of-commons-justin-trudeau-is-likely-to-be-the-liberals-candidate-in-the-next-ele.md) _Context: Canada, Justin Trudeau_
10. [ Avian influenza: Avian influenza is detected in Croatia. Six of twelve swans were infected by an H5 type of virus. The swans were found near Orahovica. It is suspected that they came to Croatia from a still unknown place in the European Union. The Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service discovers antibodies of avian influenza and newcastle disease in pigeons imported from Canada to Melbourne, leading to a blanket ban on all live bird imports from Canada. ](/news/2005/10/21/avian-influenza-p-avian-influenza-is-detected-in-croatia-six-of-twelve-swans-were-infected-by-an-h5-type-of-virus-the-swans-were-found-ne.md) _Context: Canada, European Union_
