### [2013-07-16](/news/2013/07/16/index.md)

# Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano almost drowns while undertaking a spacewalk on the International Space Station. 

Water accumulated inside astronaut Luca Parmitano&rsquo;s helmet this morning during a spacewalk at the International Space Station, causing Mission Control to abort the walk.


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/spacewalk-aborted-water-leak-found-astronaut-helmet/story?id=19678504)

### Related:

1. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station, spacewalk_
2. [Two NASA astronauts at the International Space Station complete a series of spacewalks to replace a faulty ammonia coolant pump. ](/news/2013/12/24/two-nasa-astronauts-at-the-international-space-station-complete-a-series-of-spacewalks-to-replace-a-faulty-ammonia-coolant-pump.md) _Context: International Space Station, spacewalk_
3. [Two NASA astronauts at the International Space Station begin a series of spacewalks to replace a faulty ammonia coolant pump. ](/news/2013/12/21/two-nasa-astronauts-at-the-international-space-station-begin-a-series-of-spacewalks-to-replace-a-faulty-ammonia-coolant-pump.md) _Context: International Space Station, spacewalk_
4. [NASA astronauts on board "Atlantis" complete the final spacewalk of the Space Shuttle era, recouping an ammonia pump on the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2011/07/12/nasa-astronauts-on-board-atlantis-complete-the-final-spacewalk-of-the-space-shuttle-era-recouping-an-ammonia-pump-on-the-international-sp.md) _Context: International Space Station, spacewalk_
5. [United States astronauts Douglas H. Wheelock and Tracy Caldwell Dyson fail on the International Space Station (ISS)'s longest spacewalk and sixth longest spacewalk to repair a cooling system, which means two more spacewalks are now required. ](/news/2010/08/7/united-states-astronauts-douglas-h-wheelock-and-tracy-caldwell-dyson-fail-on-the-international-space-station-iss-s-longest-spacewalk-and.md) _Context: International Space Station, spacewalk_
6. [SpaceX CRS-11: SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-crs-11-spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internat.md) _Context: International Space Station_
7. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: International Space Station_
8. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [SpaceX CRS-10: SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-crs-10-spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering.md) _Context: International Space Station_
