### [2007-04-17](/news/2007/04/17/index.md)

#  Kevin Rudd, the leader of the Australian Labor Party, announces changes to the party's industrial relations policy, including the right to a secret ballot before strike action. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/national/rudd-unveils-labors-ir-alternative/2007/04/17/1176696818518.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-wins-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-against-incumbent-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard wins a leadership ballot in the Australian Labor Party, defeating former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/27/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-wins-a-leadership-ballot-in-the-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-prime-minister-kevin.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
3. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announces that he will contest the leadership of the Australian Labor Party with current PM Julia Gillard on Monday. ](/news/2012/02/24/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-with-current-pm-julia-gillard-o.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
4. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard calls for a ballot of a caucus of the Australian Labor Party for Monday as a result of the resignation of Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/23/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-calls-for-a-ballot-of-a-caucus-of-the-australian-labor-party-for-monday-as-a-result-of-the-res.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
5. [ Australian federal election, 2007:: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)]: John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
6. [ Kevin Rudd is elected as the new leader of the Federal Australian Labor Party with the caucus electing him by 49 votes to 39 votes for Kim Beazley. Julia Gillard is the new deputy leader. ](/news/2006/12/4/kevin-rudd-is-elected-as-the-new-leader-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-with-the-caucus-electing-him-by-49-votes-to-39-votes-for-kim.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
7. [ Kim Beazley calls a vote for the leadership of the Federal Australian Labor Party for Monday. He will face a challenge from Kevin Rudd, the Opposition spokesman on foreign affairs. Jenny Macklin faces a challenge from Julia Gillard for the Deputy Leadership. ](/news/2006/12/1/kim-beazley-calls-a-vote-for-the-leadership-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-for-monday-he-will-face-a-challenge-from-kevin-rudd-the.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
8. [ Mark Latham, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, resigns from his position and from parliament due to ill health. Possible replacements include former deputy prime minister Kim Beazley, shadow foreign minister Kevin Rudd and shadow health minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2005/01/18/mark-latham-leader-of-australia-s-opposition-labor-party-resigns-from-his-position-and-from-parliament-due-to-ill-health-possible-replac.md) _Context: Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
9. [Corruption in South Africa: The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/corruption-in-south-africa-the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-pr.md) _Context: secret ballot_
10. [Western Australian state election, 2017: After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/western-australian-state-election-2017-after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-electio.md) _Context: Labor Party_
