### [2005-11-22](/news/2005/11/22/index.md)

#  After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4458430.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, CSU, Chancellor, Christian Democratic Union, SPD_
2. [ A new Bundestag (German parliament) is chosen. In a very tight election, Gerhard Schrder defeats Edmund Stoiber to remain Chancellor. The German Green Party does very well. The coalition between the SPD and the German Green Party continue with Joschka Fischer as vice chancellor. Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS) People:  Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)](/news/2002/09/22/a-new-bundestag-german-parliament-is-chosen-in-a-very-tight-election-gerhard-schroder-defeats-edmund-stoiber-to-remain-chancellor-the.md) _Context: Bundestag, CSU, Chancellor, SPD_
3. [ Following the German federal election, 2005, Christian Democrat Angela Merkel will become the next Chancellor of Germany, replacing Social Democrat Gerhard Schroder, although Schroder's party will be the dominant party in the grand coalition.](/news/2005/10/10/following-the-german-federal-election-2005-christian-democrat-angela-merkel-will-become-the-next-chancellor-of-germany-replacing-social.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, grand coalition_
4. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: CSU, Christian Democratic Union, SPD_
5. [ Angela Merkel is elected by the CDU/CSU as candidate to become Chancellor of Germany in the upcoming German federal election, 2005. ](/news/2005/05/30/angela-merkel-is-elected-by-the-cdu-csu-as-candidate-to-become-chancellor-of-germany-in-the-upcoming-german-federal-election-2005.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, Christian Democratic Union_
6. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel voting against despite previous reports saying she supports same-sex marriage, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Bundestag_
7. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, SPD_
8. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany agrees to join a coalition government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/12/14/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-agrees-to-join-a-coalition-government-led-by-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, SPD_
9. [Voters in Germany go to the polls for a federal election, with Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union achieving its highest vote since 1990. ](/news/2013/09/22/voters-in-germany-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-christian-democratic-union-achieving-its-highest-v.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Christian Democratic Union_
10. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: Christian Democratic Union, SPD_
