### [2005-11-22](/news/2005/11/22/index.md)

#  Al Jazeera bombing memo: British ''Daily Mirror'' tabloid publishes an article suggesting that George W. Bush discussed with Tony Blair a plan to bomb the offices of the Al Jazeera TV station. 




### Source:

1. [Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/topstories/tm_objectid=16397937&method=full&siteid=94762-name_page.html)
2. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,2763,1648590,00.html)
3. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/Iraq/Story/0,2763,1648988,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the ''Daily Mirror'' newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Daily Mirror, George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
2. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
3. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
4. [ Tony Blair, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, meets with the President of the United States George W. Bush for the final time before his departure from politics. ](/news/2007/05/16/tony-blair-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-for-the-final-time-befor.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
5. [ Former Malaysian premier Mahathir Mohamad hosts a conference calling for George W. Bush and Tony Blair to be tried by an unofficial tribunal for war crimes in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/5/former-malaysian-premier-mahathir-mohamad-hosts-a-conference-calling-for-george-w-bush-and-tony-blair-to-be-tried-by-an-unofficial-tribuna.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
6. [ Tony Blair and Arnold Schwarzenegger have announced their intention to collaborate to decrease carbon emissions and fight global warming. Their plan includes incentives for companies which limit their carbon emissions, among other carbon-limiting measures. Schwarzenegger has shown interest in a ban on excessive carbon emissions, which is directly in opposition to statements made by President George W. Bush. ](/news/2006/07/31/tony-blair-and-arnold-schwarzenegger-have-announced-their-intention-to-collaborate-to-decrease-carbon-emissions-and-fight-global-warming-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
7. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
8. [ A leaked memo in the UK, detailing a conversation between U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in 2003, has revealed that Blair intended to follow the US into Iraq even without a UN resolution, and that Bush considered provoking a response from Iraq using falsely marked Lockheed U-2 spy planes to provide an excuse for war. ](/news/2006/02/2/a-leaked-memo-in-the-uk-detailing-a-conversation-between-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-in-2003-has.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
9. [ Nobel Prize in Literature winner Harold Pinter accuses Britain and the United States of engaging in state terrorism in Iraq and demands the prosecution of George W. Bush and Tony Blair. ](/news/2005/12/7/nobel-prize-in-literature-winner-harold-pinter-accuses-britain-and-the-united-states-of-engaging-in-state-terrorism-in-iraq-and-demands-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
10. [ Al Jazeera bombing memo: Reporters Without Borders voice concerns over the Al Jazeera bombing memo and their shock over the reporting ban placed by the UK government on the issue. ](/news/2005/11/25/al-jazeera-bombing-memo-p-reporters-without-borders-voice-concerns-over-the-al-jazeera-bombing-memo-and-their-shock-over-the-reporting-ban.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Al Jazeera bombing memo_
