### [2005-11-22](/news/2005/11/22/index.md)

#  Israeli-Lebanese conflict: Israeli planes bomb targets in Southern Lebanon. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4459500.stm)

### Related:

1. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourt.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
2. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
3. [An Israeli Air Force F-16 crashes while attempting to land at Ramon Airbase in southern Israel, killing the pilot. A navigator who was also in the aircraft successfully ejects and escapes the incident unharmed. ](/news/2016/10/5/an-israeli-air-force-f-16-crashes-while-attempting-to-land-at-ramon-airbase-in-southern-israel-killing-the-pilot-a-navigator-who-was-also.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
4. [Gaza-Israel conflict. Israeli Air Force planes hit two Hamas targets in Gaza in retaliation for rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2015/12/13/gaza-israel-conflict-israeli-air-force-planes-hit-two-hamas-targets-in-gaza-in-retaliation-for-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
6. [Gaza-Israel conflict. In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/gaza-israel-conflict-in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-s.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
7. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict. Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/israeli-lebanese-conflict-following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near.md) _Context: Israeli-Lebanese conflict_
8. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict. Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Israeli-Lebanese conflict_
9. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict. An Israeli helicopter strike near the border with Syria kills two senior IRGC figures and six members of Hezbollah. ](/news/2015/01/18/israeli-lebanese-conflict-an-israeli-helicopter-strike-near-the-border-with-syria-kills-two-senior-irgc-figures-and-six-members-of-hezbol.md) _Context: Israeli-Lebanese conflict_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force bombs two Syrian Armed Forces bases near Damascus and the town of Dimas, according to Russian and Syrian sources. ](/news/2014/12/7/syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-bombs-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-near-damascus-and-the-town-of-dimas-according-to-russian-and-sy.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
