### [2003-03-10](/news/2003/03/10/index.md)

#  French president Jacques Chirac declares that France will veto a UN resolution sponsored by Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States. The resolution would authorise use of force against Iraq unless that country proves its disarmament by March 17.




### Related:

1. [The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks-to-sue-saudi-arabia-u-s-president-bar.md) _Context: veto_
2. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious-b.md) _Context: veto_
3. [In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. ](/news/2016/03/1/in-the-united-states-south-dakota-governor-dennis-daugaard-vetoes-house-bill-1008-that-would-have-required-transgender-students-to-use-bath.md) _Context: veto_
4. [In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-transgender-to-use-the-schoo.md) _Context: veto_
5. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: veto_
6. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
7. [Texas Governor Rick Perry is indicted on felony charges for abuse of power. He is accused of coercing a District Attorney who had been convicted of drunk driving to resign by threatening to veto funding for state public corruption prosecutors. ](/news/2014/08/15/texas-governor-rick-perry-is-indicted-on-felony-charges-for-abuse-of-power-he-is-accused-of-coercing-a-district-attorney-who-had-been-convi.md) _Context: veto_
8. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
9. [The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-trial-of-former-french-president-jacques-chirac-on-embezzlement-charges-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
10. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac_
