### [2003-03-10](/news/2003/03/10/index.md)

#  Iraq disarmament crisis: *Kofi Annan, Secretary General of the United Nations, stated ""If the US and others were to go outside the [Security] Council and take military action it would not be in conformity with the [UN] Charter"".




### Related:

1. [United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
2. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
3. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
4. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
5. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
6. [ Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007. ](/news/2006/10/13/ban-ki-moon-is-elected-to-be-the-eighth-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-kofi-annan-in-january-2007.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
7. [ International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http://www.theage.com.au/news/editorial/un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close/2006/02/17/1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http://www.guardian.co.uk/guantanamo/story/0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News/News (Toronto Star)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0217/guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a-re.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
8. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan wishes editors to stop reprinting the controversial Muhammad cartoons. ](/news/2006/02/10/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-wishes-editors-to-stop-reprinting-the-controversial-muhammad-cartoons.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
9. [ Benon Sevan, head of the United Nations' oil-for-food program, resigns before the publication of a report that is expected to accuse him of corruption. He blames Kofi Annan for "sacrificing" him and denies all charges ](/news/2005/08/8/benon-sevan-head-of-the-united-nations-oil-for-food-program-resigns-before-the-publication-of-a-report-that-is-expected-to-accuse-him-of.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
10. [ UN Secretary General Kofi Annan accuses the United States and Britain of not accepting enough responsibility for the Oil for Food Scandal. ](/news/2005/04/15/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-accuses-the-united-states-and-britain-of-not-accepting-enough-responsibility-for-the-oil-for-food-scandal.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
