### [2013-08-7](/news/2013/08/7/index.md)

# Four Israeli soldiers are wounded by a landmine near the Lebanese border. 

UN peacekeepers open investigation into incident; Israel keeping mostly quiet, but officials don&#8217;t expect an escalation


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/08/2013879554280920.html)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/hezbollah-posts-photos-from-scene-of-blast-that-injured-soldiers/)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2013-08/07/c_132610789.htm)
3. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2013/08/Army_border-e1375921234863.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israel places troops stationed in northern Israel on high alert following the collapse of the Lebanese government. ](/news/2011/01/13/israel-places-troops-stationed-in-northern-israel-on-high-alert-following-the-collapse-of-the-lebanese-government.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Lebanon_
2. [ Avivim incident: Israel Defense Forces and Lebanese Armed Forces exchange fire at the Israel-Lebanon border. ](/news/2007/02/7/avivim-incident-israel-defense-forces-and-lebanese-armed-forces-exchange-fire-at-the-israel-lebanon-border.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Lebanon_
3. [ Hezbollah fires some 30 mortar shells at IDF outposts along the northern Israeli border, lightly wounding an Israeli soldier. In response, Israeli Air Force strikes Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2006/02/3/hezbollah-fires-some-30-mortar-shells-at-idf-outposts-along-the-northern-israeli-border-lightly-wounding-an-israeli-soldier-in-response.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Lebanon_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
5. [Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position-in-al-quneitra-near-the-israeli-occupied-g.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state-militants-in-syria.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israeli security forces kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-police-officers-or-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
