### [2014-01-14](/news/2014/01/14/index.md)

# 46 Palestinians and Syrian residents in the Yarmouk Camp have died of starvation and lack of medical care, since October, from a Syrian army enforced blockade. 

Palestinian and Syrian residents of Yarmouk camp cut off from food and water as soldiers surround parts of capital


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2014/jan/14/syria-dozens-die-starvation-damascus-camp?CMP=twt_gu)

### Related:

1. [Bodies of Syrian refugees are found on a beach in Turkey, including a 3-year-old boy, pictures of whose body spread virally and prompt grave international concern. ](/news/2015/09/3/bodies-of-syrian-refugees-are-found-on-a-beach-in-turkey-including-a-3-year-old-boy-pictures-of-whose-body-spread-virally-and-prompt-grave.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Palestinians_
3. [A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-five-people-have-d.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
4. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
5. [A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kills-25-isil-militants-in-central-syria-in-the-northeast-of-the-ho.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in-northwestern-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village-in-the-northeaster.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Palestinians_
