### [2014-01-14](/news/2014/01/14/index.md)

# Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. 

Knesset speeches highlighted late general&#8217;s military successes against Egyptian forces in 1973 war; as PM, Sharon got on well with Sadat, Mubarak


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-25708082)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/senior-egyptian-diplomat-quietly-attends-sharon-memorial-ceremony/)
2. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/01/F140113ABG15.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
2. [ Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel survives three motions of no confidence in Knesset, in the latest backlash over his handling of the 2006 Lebanon war. ](/news/2007/05/7/prime-minister-ehud-olmert-of-israel-survives-three-motions-of-no-confidence-in-knesset-in-the-latest-backlash-over-his-handling-of-the-20.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon undergoes emergency surgery due to digestive problems. His condition is critical. ](/news/2006/02/11/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-undergoes-emergency-surgery-due-to-digestive-problems-his-condition-is-critical.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [ Knesset Member Omri Sharon, the son of the Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon, struck a deal with prosecutors that would see him plead guilty to a series of charges in connection with illegal fundraising during Ariel Sharon's 1999 primaries campaign. ](/news/2005/11/14/knesset-member-omri-sharon-the-son-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-struck-a-deal-with-prosecutors-that-would-see-him-plead-g.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister, parliament in Israel_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon calls for the expulsion of Iran from the United Nations after the Iranian President repeated Ruhollah Khomeini's call for Israel to be "wiped off the map". ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-calls-for-the-expulsion-of-iran-from-the-united-nations-after-the-iranian-president-repeated-ruhollah-k.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [ In Israel, president Moshe Katsav states that he is worried about a possible assassination plot against Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon. ](/news/2005/07/4/in-israel-president-moshe-katsav-states-that-he-is-worried-about-a-possible-assassination-plot-against-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-shar.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [ Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they-will-resume-the-handover-proces.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [ Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, was heckled and booed at a meeting to promote the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip by several U.S. Jews. ](/news/2005/05/22/ariel-sharon-the-prime-minister-of-israel-was-heckled-and-booed-at-a-meeting-to-promote-the-planned-israeli-withdrawal-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
