### [2005-08-30](/news/2005/08/30/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: According to U.S. and Iraqi government officials, US Air strikes near the border with Syria have left 56 civilians and over seven insurgents dead. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.ksbitv.com/home/1705826.html)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: A group of at least 40 Iraqi insurgents attacks Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison, using car bombs, grenades, and small arms. At least 20 American soldiers and 12 Iraqi prisoners are injured, but the US Army says it has put down the assault. ](/news/2005/04/3/conflict-in-iraq-a-group-of-at-least-40-iraqi-insurgents-attacks-baghdad-s-abu-ghraib-prison-using-car-bombs-grenades-and-small-arms-a.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, U.S._
2. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, U.S._
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, U.S._
4. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, U.S._
5. [Iraq War: The United States has lost a total of 15 troops in Iraq this month, making it the deadliest month for U.S. forces in Iraq since June 2009, when 14 soldiers were killed fighting the Iraqi insurgency. ](/news/2011/06/30/iraq-war-the-united-states-has-lost-a-total-of-15-troops-in-iraq-this-month-making-it-the-deadliest-month-for-u-s-forces-in-iraq-since-ju.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, U.S._
6. [ The United States military says that it accidentally killed nine Iraqi civilians in an operation targeting Al-Qaeda south of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/02/4/the-united-states-military-says-that-it-accidentally-killed-nine-iraqi-civilians-in-an-operation-targeting-al-qaeda-south-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., civilian_
7. [ War in Iraq:  A major international conference starts in Baghdad to look at ways to stabilise Iraq featuring representatives from Iran, Syria and the United States. ](/news/2007/03/10/war-in-iraq-p-a-major-international-conference-starts-in-baghdad-to-look-at-ways-to-stabilise-iraq-featuring-representatives-from-iran-sy.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, U.S._
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: An insurgent group broadcasts a video over the Internet of what they claim is the death of American Ronald Allen Schulz. ](/news/2005/12/19/conflict-in-iraq-an-insurgent-group-broadcasts-a-video-over-the-internet-of-what-they-claim-is-the-death-of-american-ronald-allen-schulz.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi insurgency, U.S._
9. [ Conflict in Iraq:  Four American soldiers are killed following an IED attack in the Iraqi capital Baghdad. ](/news/2005/12/13/conflict-in-iraq-p-four-american-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-ied-attack-in-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, U.S._
10. [ Italian state-owned channel RaiNews 24 airs a controversial documentary in which Iraqi people and ex-U.S. soldiers report that white phosphorus, a chemical weapon, and Mk-77 napalm bombs were used by the U.S. Army against civilians in Fallujah last year. ](/news/2005/11/8/italian-state-owned-channel-rainews-24-airs-a-controversial-documentary-in-which-iraqi-people-and-ex-u-s-soldiers-report-that-white-phosph.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., civilian_
