### [2005-08-30](/news/2005/08/30/index.md)

#  In the aftermath of '''Hurricane Katrina''': The death toll in Biloxi, Mississippi, may be as high as 80.  Mayor A.J. Holloway declares that Katrina "is our tsunami", comparing the catastrophe to the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake and Tsunami. 

Miss. governor estimates 80 could be dead in one county alone; two levees break in New Orleans, flooding the city.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.newsday.com/news/local/wire/newyork/ny-bc-ny--gasprices0830aug30,0,7358679.story?coll=ny-region-apnewyork)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,167633,00.html)
3. [Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050830/ap_on_re_us/hurricane_katrina_3;_ylt=AiQ5CXJxwXVtmvijI8TgLK8bLisB;_ylu=X3oDMTBiMW04NW9mBHNlYwMlJVRPUCUl)
4. [Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050830/ap_on_re_us/katrina_washington)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Katrina: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city.  The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]  Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/hurricane-katrina-p-the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-t.md) _Context: Biloxi, Mississippi, Hurricane Katrina_
2. [A CSX Transportation freight train collides with a charter bus in Biloxi, Mississippi, killing at least four people and leaving dozens injured. ](/news/2017/03/7/a-csx-transportation-freight-train-collides-with-a-charter-bus-in-biloxi-mississippi-killing-at-least-four-people-and-leaving-dozens-injur.md) _Context: Biloxi, Mississippi_
3. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Mississippi_
5. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as ''religious freedom'' bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here."  Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the  bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: Mississippi_
6. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Mississippi_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-michigan-hawaii-and-idaho-vote-in-primary-elections-and-caucuses.md) _Context: Mississippi_
8. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Mississippi_
10. [Shannon Lamb, a professor at Delta State University who was suspected of two murders in the U.S. state of Mississippi--the woman he was living with in Gautier and a fellow professor at the Delta State campus in Cleveland--dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound while being pursued by police. ](/news/2015/09/14/shannon-lamb-a-professor-at-delta-state-university-who-was-suspected-of-two-murders-in-the-u-s-state-of-mississippiathe-woman-he-was-liv.md) _Context: Mississippi_
