### [2006-03-21](/news/2006/03/21/index.md)

#  Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC. The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/21/ap2610813.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United Front for Democratic Change has attacked and gained control of the cities of Haraze Mangueigne, Am Timan, and Abou-Deia, in Chad. Their initial attack came from northern Central African Republic with the help of the Military of Sudan. This is the largest and most successful attack since the start of the Chadian-Sudanese conflict despite taking only an hour, with only four men injured and none killed because the Chadian military has either fled or refused to fight the rebels. ](/news/2006/04/8/the-united-front-for-democratic-change-has-attacked-and-gained-control-of-the-cities-of-haraze-mangueigne-am-timan-and-abou-deia-in-chad.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian military, Chadian rebels_
2. [Chadian President Idriss Deby postpones the 3 April presidential election after opposition candidates threatened a boycott over irregularities. ](/news/2011/03/13/chadian-president-idriss-deby-postpones-the-3-april-presidential-election-after-opposition-candidates-threatened-a-boycott-over-irregulariti.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
3. [ Chad orders United States' ChevronTexaco and Malaysia's Petronas out of the country for failing to meet tax obligations. Chadian president, Idriss Dby, stated that Chad, whose new national oil company was to partner with an Exxon Mobil-ChevronTexaco-Petronas consortium, will continue to work with US' Exxon Mobil while attempting to "find a solution with the two other partners." ](/news/2006/08/26/chad-orders-united-states-chevrontexaco-and-malaysia-s-petronas-out-of-the-country-for-failing-to-meet-tax-obligations-chadian-president.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
4. [ Mahamat Nouri, until recently the Chadian ambassador to Saudi Arabia, who has previously served as the Chadian Defense Minister, defects to Sudan and joins the United Front for Democratic Change rebels. ](/news/2006/05/6/mahamat-nouri-until-recently-the-chadian-ambassador-to-saudi-arabia-who-has-previously-served-as-the-chadian-defense-minister-defects-to.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
5. [ The Constitutional Council of Chad, the highest court in Chad, confirms Idriss Dby's victory in the presidential elections which took place on May 3, 2006. However, the court only gives him 64.67% of the vote, instead of his administration's claim of 77.4%. Turnout was also reduced to 53.08% instead of the previous 60%. ](/news/2006/05/30/the-constitutional-council-of-chad-the-highest-court-in-chad-confirms-idriss-deby-s-victory-in-the-presidential-elections-which-took-plac.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
6. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
7. [ Human Rights Watch discovers that on April 12 and April 13, 2006, Sudanese soldiers and Chadian rebels massacred 118 civilians in the city of Djawara with machetes and then buried them in mass graves. If the allegations are true, then the Sudanese government has sponsored genocide in Chad, and it has violated the Tripoli Accord. ](/news/2006/05/25/human-rights-watch-discovers-that-on-april-12-and-april-13-2006-sudanese-soldiers-and-chadian-rebels-massacred-118-civilians-in-the-city.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
8. [ Chadian Information Minister Hourmadji Moussa Doumgor accuses the Government of Sudan of facilitating a new alliance between the Mahamat Nour's UFDC and the defected troops of Mahamat Nouri against the Dby administration. Neither group has confirmed or denied the merger. ](/news/2006/05/16/chadian-information-minister-hourmadji-moussa-doumgor-accuses-the-government-of-sudan-of-facilitating-a-new-alliance-between-the-mahamat-no.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
9. [ President of Chad Idriss Dby refuses to delay upcoming presidential elections despite pressure from U.S. diplomat Donald Yamamoto, high ranking Chadian Christian officials, and the head of the Chadian human rights league. However, he announced the Chadian government is negotiating with the United Front for Democratic Change rebel group to avoid violence. ](/news/2006/05/1/president-of-chad-idriss-deby-refuses-to-delay-upcoming-presidential-elections-despite-pressure-from-u-s-diplomat-donald-yamamoto-high-ra.md) _Context: Chadian rebels, Idriss Deby_
10. [ Battle of N'Djamena: The United Front for Democratic Change's attack on the Chadian capital of N'Djamena is repelled by the Chadian army. ](/news/2006/04/13/battle-of-n-djamena-the-united-front-for-democratic-change-s-attack-on-the-chadian-capital-of-n-djamena-is-repelled-by-the-chadian-army.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
