### [2004-08-24](/news/2004/08/24/index.md)

#  High-level American military leaders are said to be at least partly responsible for abuses of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison in a report written by an investigative panel headed by James Schlesinger. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1093344465028&call_pageid=968256289824&col=968705899037)

### Related:

1. [ The notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq is to close and its prisoners to be housed elsewhere, the U.S. military has said. ](/news/2006/03/9/the-notorious-abu-ghraib-prison-in-iraq-is-to-close-and-its-prisoners-to-be-housed-elsewhere-the-u-s-military-has-said.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
2. [ Iraqi prisoner abuse scandal: Two U.S. Marines, Pfc. Andrew J. Sting and Pfc. Jeremiah J. Trefney, have been jailed for between eight to twelve months after pleading guilty to prisoner abuse at Al Mahmudiya prison in Iraq which occurred after the events at Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2004/06/3/iraqi-prisoner-abuse-scandal-two-u-s-marines-pfc-andrew-j-sting-and-pfc-jeremiah-j-trefney-have-been-jailed-for-between-eight-to-tw.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
3. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
4. [ The International Committee of the Red Cross states that, over a period of some months, it has repeatedly requested that the United States take action on alleged prisoner abuse at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2004/05/6/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-states-that-over-a-period-of-some-months-it-has-repeatedly-requested-that-the-united-states.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
5. [ George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/5/george-w-bush-speaks-on-the-al-arabiya-and-alhurra-arabic-language-television-networks-stating-he-was-appalled-at-the-conduct-of-u-s-s.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
6. [ Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse: Photographs showing Iraqi prisoners in the Abu Ghraib prison outside Baghdad being tortured, abused, humiliated by U.S. soldiers spark outrage around the world. Six soldiers face courts martial and their commanding officer is suspended. ](/news/2004/04/29/abu-ghraib-torture-and-prisoner-abuse-photographs-showing-iraqi-prisoners-in-the-abu-ghraib-prison-outside-baghdad-being-tortured-abused.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
7. [ 12 mortars were fired on Abu Ghraib Prison by insurgents. 22 detainees were killed and 92 wounded. Iraqi security forces who fled the fighting in Fallujah begin to return to the city. ](/news/2004/04/20/12-mortars-were-fired-on-abu-ghraib-prison-by-insurgents-22-detainees-were-killed-and-92-wounded-iraqi-security-forces-who-fled-the-fight.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, Iraq_
8. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
