### [2009-07-16](/news/2009/07/16/index.md)

#  The Holy See acknowledges Oscar Wilde as a "lucid analyst of the modern world", softening its hardline stance against the poet. 

Oscar Wilde, whose flamboyant homosexuality shocked Britain in the 19th century, won an unlikely endorsement from the Vatican on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/5844870/Vatican-reconciles-with-Oscar-Wilde.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/belief/2009/jul/17/oscar-wilde-vatican-catholic-osservatore)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Vatican_
2. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers'  audit of its finances over questions whether  proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move   exposes the rift between the church's old guard  and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church's commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-decembe.md) _Context: Vatican_
3. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: Vatican_
4. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Vatican_
5. [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md) _Context: Vatican_
6. [The Vatican releases a 10,000-word document that, among other things, says Jews don't need to be converted to find salvation, and that Catholics should work with Jews to fight antisemitism. ](/news/2015/12/10/the-vatican-releases-a-10-000-word-document-that-among-other-things-says-jews-don-t-need-to-be-converted-to-find-salvation-and-that-catho.md) _Context: Vatican_
7. [The Vatican police arrest Msgr. {{Interlanguage link multi|Lucio Angel Vallejo Balda|it}} and Francesca Immacolata Chaouqui, members of a former papal commission charged with studying financial operations of the Holy See, for allegedly leaking confidential documents to the media, a crime since 2013. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-vatican-police-arrest-msgr-interlanguage-link-multi-lucio-angel-vallejo-balda-it-and-francesca-immacolata-chaouqui-members-of-a-f.md) _Context: Vatican_
8. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Vatican_
9. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for  forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-th.md) _Context: Vatican_
10. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, ''Laudato si'''. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-te.md) _Context: Vatican_
