### [2009-03-26](/news/2009/03/26/index.md)

#  A Taliban suicide attack kills at least 11 people and injures 20 others in Jandola, Pakistan. 




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2009-03-26-voa15.cfm)

### Related:

1. [ Unidentified gunmen shoot dead Khurram Zaki, a Pakistani rights activist known for speaking out against the Taliban. ](/news/2016/05/8/unidentified-gunmen-shoot-dead-khurram-zaki-a-pakistani-rights-activist-known-for-speaking-out-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
2. [ The Taliban leadership council  reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour,  killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/23/the-taliban-leadership-council-reportedly-meets-to-determine-a-successor-to-mullah-akhtar-mansour-killed-this-weekend-during-an-american.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
3. [The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners.  The  representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process.  ](/news/2016/04/27/the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisoners-the-representa.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
4. [Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts."  ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-taliban-operating-from-pakistan-who-are-waging-an-incre.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
5. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of  Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family  four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives    in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after  his father's murder  by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri.  Qadri was executed on  February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar  two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bombing_
6. [The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-stop-attacking-their-p.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
7. [Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-leadership-is-living-i.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
8. [Pakistan officials tell Reuters its forces will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamist militants in Punjab.   Sunday's attack was Taliban-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar's fifth bombing since December. ](/news/2016/03/28/pakistan-officials-tell-reuters-its-forces-will-launch-a-paramilitary-crackdown-on-islamist-militants-in-punjab-sunday-s-attack-was-talib.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
9. [Several Sangin security force members are killed by Taliban suicide attacks, using captured military Humvee vehicles, in the southern Afghan province of Helmand. ](/news/2016/02/13/several-sangin-security-force-members-are-killed-by-taliban-suicide-attacks-using-captured-military-humvee-vehicles-in-the-southern-afghan.md) _Context: Taliban, suicide bombing_
10. [A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in-the-northwestern-pakistani.md) _Context: Pakistan, suicide bombing_
