### [2009-03-26](/news/2009/03/26/index.md)

#  Two tornadoes injure 24 people and damage 108 homes in Mississippi, United States. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/US/weather/03/26/mississippi.tornadoes/)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2015. At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States, tornado_
2. [2013 Hattiesburg, Mississippi tornado: A tornado causes significant damage to the American town of Hattiesburg, Mississippi. ](/news/2013/02/10/2013-hattiesburg-mississippi-tornado-a-tornado-causes-significant-damage-to-the-american-town-of-hattiesburg-mississippi.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States, tornado_
3. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States_
4. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-p.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States_
5. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
6. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States_
7. [Tornadoes of 2016. At least two people are dead and 30 injured after a suspected tornado hits a trailer park near the village of Convent, Louisiana. At least one other person has died in the Deep South of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/23/tornadoes-of-2016-at-least-two-people-are-dead-and-30-injured-after-a-suspected-tornado-hits-a-trailer-park-near-the-village-of-convent-lo.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
8. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
9. [Shannon Lamb, a professor at Delta State University who was suspected of two murders in the U.S. state of Mississippi-the woman he was living with in Gautier and a fellow professor at the Delta State campus in Cleveland-dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound while being pursued by police. ](/news/2015/09/14/shannon-lamb-a-professor-at-delta-state-university-who-was-suspected-of-two-murders-in-the-u-s-state-of-mississippi-the-woman-he-was-liv.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States_
10. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Mississippi, United States_
