### [2012-03-30](/news/2012/03/30/index.md)

# Arab Spring:Syrian uprising: The Syrian government says that the revolt against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad has ended, but it will still keep soldiers inside cities, "for security". 

Syria says the year-old revolt to topple President Bashar al-Assad is over, but the army again shelled opposition areas on Saturday and rebels said they would not cease fire until tanks, artillery and heavy weapons are withdrawn.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2012/03/31/revolt-to-ouster-president-assad-is-over-says-syrian-official/)
2. [Naharnet](http://www.naharnet.com/stories/en/35132-37-dead-as-protesters-rally-across-syria-and-annan-urges-instant-ceasefire)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/31/us-syria-idUSBRE82U07V20120331)

### Related:

1. [Arab Spring:Syrian uprising: At least 45 women and children are killed and burned in Homs after the United Nations visited Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to discuss the uprising. ](/news/2012/03/10/arab-spring-psyrian-uprising-at-least-45-women-and-children-are-killed-and-burned-in-homs-after-the-united-nations-visited-syrian-president.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Arab Spring, Bashar al-Assad_
2. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising:Turkey claims that the Syrian Army has opened fire on a refugee camp on Turkish soil injuring three people. ](/news/2012/04/9/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pturkey-claims-that-the-syrian-army-has-opened-fire-on-a-refugee-camp-on-turkish-soil-injuring-thre.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Arab Spring_
3. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising:The United Nations Security Council votes on an Arab League proposal to resolve problems in Syria with reports of hundreds of people dead in the past couple of days as a result of shelling in Homs - the People's Republic of China and Russia veto the resolution.  ](/news/2012/02/4/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pthe-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-an-arab-league-proposal-to-resolve-problems-in-syria.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Arab Spring_
4. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
5. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab League calls on the United Nations Security Council to back its proposal for the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad to hand over power to his deputy and prepare for elections. ](/news/2012/01/31/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-arab-league-calls-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-back-its-proposal-for-the-president-of-syria-ba.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
6. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising:Activists say the Syrian Army has launched new attacks against Homs and Hama, as the United Nations Security Council prepares to discuss the conflict. ](/news/2012/01/27/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pactivists-say-the-syrian-army-has-launched-new-attacks-against-homs-and-hama-as-the-united-nation.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Arab Spring_
7. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab League calls for a ceasefire in Syria, saying that tanks and heavy weaponry have been withdrawn from Syrian cities, but warning that snipers remain a threat. ](/news/2012/01/2/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-arab-league-calls-for-a-ceasefire-in-syria-saying-that-tanks-and-heavy-weaponry-have-been-wit.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Arab Spring_
8. [Arab Spring:2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab Inter-parliamentary Union, an advisory body to the Arab League, calls for the removal of its monitors in Syria, saying that they are inadvertently helping the government cover up ongoing violence. ](/news/2012/01/1/arab-spring-p2011a2012-syrian-uprising-pthe-arab-inter-parliamentary-union-an-advisory-body-to-the-arab-league-calls-for-the-removal-of.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Arab Spring_
9. [Arab Spring:2011 Syrian uprising:Syrian activists call for mass protests in schools against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad as the school year begins. ](/news/2011/09/18/arab-spring-p2011-syrian-uprising-psyrian-activists-call-for-mass-protests-in-schools-against-the-regime-of-president-bashar-al-assad-as-the.md) _Context: Arab Spring, Bashar al-Assad_
10. [Arab Spring:2011 Syrian uprising: The Syrian army encircles the city of Hama after one of the largest protests against the regime of Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2011/07/3/arab-spring-p2011-syrian-uprising-the-syrian-army-encircles-the-city-of-hama-after-one-of-the-largest-protests-against-the-regime-of-bashar.md) _Context: Arab Spring, Bashar al-Assad_
