### [2012-03-30](/news/2012/03/30/index.md)

# Huanglongbing or citrus greening, a disease which has killed millions of citrus trees in Brazil and Florida, is discovered in a residential section of Los Angeles County, California, in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/agency-citrus-disease-that-killed-millions-of-trees-across-fla-brazil-detected-in-calif/2012/03/30/gIQApmx0lS_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Orlando shooting: A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-orlando-shooting-a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
2. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
4. [New Frontiers program: The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/new-frontiers-program-the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
5. [Judge Keyla Blanc, of Brazil's Special Tribunal for Fans and Major Events, orders Brazil police to question U.S. swimmer Ryan Lochte over inconsistencies describing the armed robbery of himself and three other American Olympians. Gunnar Bentz and Jack Conger are later removed from a plane returning to the United States. ](/news/2016/08/17/judge-keyla-blanc-of-brazil-s-special-tribunal-for-fans-and-major-events-orders-brazil-police-to-question-u-s-swimmer-ryan-lochte-over-in.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Brazil, United States_
8. [More than 200 black bears are killed in a single day in the U.S. state of Florida after state officials allow the hunting of the animals for the first time in 21 years; supporters say the aim is to cut down on the animals' surging population, but animal rights activists have criticized the hunts as cruel and ineffective. ](/news/2015/10/25/more-than-200-black-bears-are-killed-in-a-single-day-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-after-state-officials-allow-the-hunting-of-the-animals-for.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
9. [In Florida, United States, Eric Rivera Jr. is convicted of second-degree murder in the 2007 killing of NFL Washington Redskins player Sean Taylor during a burglary. ](/news/2013/11/4/in-florida-united-states-eric-rivera-jr-is-convicted-of-second-degree-murder-in-the-2007-killing-of-nfl-washington-redskins-player-sean-t.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
10. [James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. ](/news/2013/03/18/james-seevakumaran-a-30-year-old-student-at-the-university-of-central-florida-pulls-the-fire-alarm-and-plans-to-attack-the-school-instead.md) _Context: Florida, United States_
