### [2012-03-30](/news/2012/03/30/index.md)

# Naoki Tanaka, Japan's Minister of Defense, issues orders to shoot down a North Korean rocket if it falls towards Japanese territory. 

Tokyo deploys missile defence systems and says it will intercept North Korean rocket if it enters Japanese airspace.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/satellite-image-shows-n-korea-rocket-activity/story-e6frfkyi-1226314397852)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/03/2012330605360577.html)

### Related:

1. [Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-increased-activity-at-a-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, Minister of Defense, North Korea_
2. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-j.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
3. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
4. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
5. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
6. [North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other  lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch-while-the-main-part-of-the-other-lands-in-j.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
7. [Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid-reports-of-a-possible-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
8. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
9. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
10. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
