### [2012-03-30](/news/2012/03/30/index.md)

# Syrian uprising:The Syrian government says that the revolt against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad has ended, but it will still keep soldiers inside cities, "for security". 

Syria says the year-old revolt to topple President Bashar al-Assad is over, but the army again shelled opposition areas on Saturday and rebels said they would not cease fire until tanks, artillery and heavy weapons are withdrawn.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2012/03/31/revolt-to-ouster-president-assad-is-over-says-syrian-official/)
2. [Naharnet](http://www.naharnet.com/stories/en/35132-37-dead-as-protesters-rally-across-syria-and-annan-urges-instant-ceasefire)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/31/us-syria-idUSBRE82U07V20120331)
3. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20120331&t=2&i=589363879&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBRE82U143E00)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising: At least 45 women and children are killed and burned in Homs after the United Nations visited Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to discuss the uprising. ](/news/2012/03/10/syrian-uprising-at-least-45-women-and-children-are-killed-and-burned-in-homs-after-the-united-nations-visited-syrian-president-bashar-al-as.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
2. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
3. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab League calls on the United Nations Security Council to back its proposal for the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad to hand over power to his deputy and prepare for elections. ](/news/2012/01/31/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-arab-league-calls-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-back-its-proposal-for-the-president-of-syria-ba.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
4. [The Central Bank of Syria announces a new 2,000 Syrian lira (pound) bank note that will feature a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad, the President's first appearance on Syrian currency during his 17-years in office. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-central-bank-of-syria-announces-a-new-2-000-syrian-lira-pound-bank-note-that-will-feature-a-portrait-of-president-bashar-al-assad-the.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
5. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: President_
6. [In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr-prayer-in-hama.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
7. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
9. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
10. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad_
