### [2002-06-10](/news/2002/06/10/index.md)

#  Technology - The first direct electronic communication experiment between the nervous systems of two humans is carried out by Kevin Warwick in the United Kingdom.




### Related:

1. [A 1-year-old from London with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who had undergone myriads of unsuccessful treatments since she was 14 weeks old is in remission thanks to gene-editing technology, used for just the second time, that allowed her to receive modified immune cells from another person. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-1-year-old-from-london-with-acute-lymphoblastic-leukemia-who-had-undergone-myriads-of-unsuccessful-treatments-since-she-was-14-weeks-old-i.md) _Context: technology_
2. [ The United States Congress prepares legislation against peer-to-peer technology on multiple fronts. ](/news/2004/03/26/the-united-states-congress-prepares-legislation-against-peer-to-peer-technology-on-multiple-fronts.md) _Context: technology_
3. [ The United Nations releases a science and technology strategy report, ""Inventing a Better Future: A Strategy for Building Worldwide Capacities in Science and Technology"", produced by the InterAcademy Council (IAC).](/news/2004/02/5/the-united-nations-releases-a-science-and-technology-strategy-report-inventing-a-better-future-a-strategy-for-building-worldwide-capaci.md) _Context: technology_
4. [ Technology - Genome: The genome chip arrived with several companies rushing to sell the known human genes. The products will allow scientists to scan all genes in a human tissue sample at once to determine which are active, with lower cost and increased speed.](/news/2003/10/2/technology-a-genome-the-genome-chip-arrived-with-several-companies-rushing-to-sell-the-known-human-genes-the-products-will-allow-scient.md) _Context: technology_
5. [ Space - Technology: NASA outlines plans for the Space Shuttle's Replacement, a ""Space Taxi"". The next-generation space vehicle is on the drawing boards now and NASA has just issued newly defined requirements.](/news/2003/09/29/space-a-technology-nasa-outlines-plans-for-the-space-shuttle-s-replacement-a-space-taxi-the-next-generation-space-vehicle-is-on-th.md) _Context: technology_
6. [ Technology: Electronic paper reaches video speed. Paper capable of playing videos has been invented at the Philips Research laboratory in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. The ink can be rearranged electronically fast enough to show video movies.](/news/2003/09/25/technology-electronic-paper-reaches-video-speed-paper-capable-of-playing-videos-has-been-invented-at-the-philips-research-laboratory-in-e.md) _Context: technology_
7. [ Computer and Communications Industry Association report, written by a handful of security experts, Microsoft's dominance in key technologies poses security risk and threatens the national infrastructure. Computer and Communications Industry Association states reliance on a single technology, such as the Windows operating system, threatens economic security and critical infrastructure. The paper warns that many security improvements planned by Microsoft are likely designed to deter customers from switching to another operating system.](/news/2003/09/24/computer-and-communications-industry-association-report-written-by-a-handful-of-security-experts-microsoft-s-dominance-in-key-technologie.md) _Context: technology_
8. [ Embargo: China voices opposition to United States sanctions over the alleged sale of advanced missile technology to an unnamed country.](/news/2003/09/21/embargo-china-voices-opposition-to-united-states-sanctions-over-the-alleged-sale-of-advanced-missile-technology-to-an-unnamed-country.md) _Context: technology_
9. [ Technology: California Supreme Court rules that publishers could be barred from posting DVD descrambling code (DeCSS) online without infringing on free speech rights.](/news/2003/08/26/technology-california-supreme-court-rules-that-publishers-could-be-barred-from-posting-dvd-descrambling-code-decss-online-without-infrin.md) _Context: technology_
10. [ Technology: Motorola has announced a single-chip satellite navigation receiver, opening the possibility of the addition of location-specific functions to low cost ubiquitous computing devices. The chip combines RF processing, analog signal processing, digital signal processing and a CPU on a single chip. ](/news/2002/09/24/technology-motorola-has-announced-a-single-chip-satellite-navigation-receiver-opening-the-possibility-of-the-addition-of-location-specifi.md) _Context: technology_
