### [2011-09-4](/news/2011/09/4/index.md)

# Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. 




### Source:

1. [PA via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5gD8Q4jfTSxbzBGJ8ZJZIJzjXZvog?docId=N0190971315185176957A)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls for an election, with the Social Democratic Party of Germany winning the most votes, allowing it to continue in government with the support of the Greens. ](/news/2012/05/13/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-for-an-election-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-winning.md) _Context: German, Greens, SPD_
2. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: Free Democrats, Greens, SPD_
3. [North Rhine-Westphalia state election, 2017. Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-rhine-westphalia-state-election-2017-voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesti.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
4. [Elections in Germany. Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/elections-in-germany-regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
5. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: Greens, SPD_
6. [ A new Bundestag (German parliament) is chosen. In a very tight election, Gerhard Schrder defeats Edmund Stoiber to remain Chancellor. The German Green Party does very well. The coalition between the SPD and the German Green Party continue with Joschka Fischer as vice chancellor.. Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS). People: Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)](/news/2002/09/22/a-new-bundestag-german-parliament-is-chosen-in-a-very-tight-election-gerhard-schroder-defeats-edmund-stoiber-to-remain-chancellor-the.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
7. [The Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern elects Manuela Schwesig as state Minister President with 40-29 votes. ](/news/2017/07/4/the-landtag-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-elects-manuela-schwesig-as-state-minister-president-with-40-29-votes.md) _Context: Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern_
8. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany endorses Martin Schulz as its leader. ](/news/2017/03/19/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-endorses-martin-schulz-as-its-leader.md) _Context: SPD_
9. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016. German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despit.md) _Context: CDU_
10. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016. Voters in the federal German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern head to the polls in a regional election to elect members to the Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to gain strongly. ](/news/2016/09/4/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-voters-in-the-federal-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-head-to-the-polls-in-a-regional-el.md) _Context: Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern_
