
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/07/16/sean-o-muireagain-a-northern-irish-journalist-arrested-by-israel-and-held-for-five-days-without-legal-representation-in-a-case-of-mistake.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/07/16/sean-o-muireagain-a-northern-irish-journalist-arrested-by-israel-and-held-for-five-days-without-legal-representation-in-a-case-of-mistake.json)  [XML](/news/2003/07/16/sean-o-muireagain-a-northern-irish-journalist-arrested-by-israel-and-held-for-five-days-without-legal-representation-in-a-case-of-mistake.xml)  

### [2003-07-16](/news/2003/07/16/index.md)

##### Sen  Muireagin
#  Sen  Muireagin, a Northern Irish journalist, arrested by Israel and held for five days without legal representation in a case of mistaken identity, is released and leaves Israel. The affair causes considerable embarrassment to the Israeli and British secret services, the former having arrested  Mureagin on the advice of the latter, who claimed incorrectly that he was a Real IRA man with the same name. In the confused aftermath, the Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman suggests that  Muireagin may have been guilty, while Prime Minister Sharon's spokesman states categorically that he was innocent and the entire affair an error. He claims that  Muireagin is a former convicted Provisional IRA terrorist.




### Related:

1. [ In a press conference in Belfast, journalist Sen  Muireagin denies Israeli claims that suspected him of being a Real IRA activist. He states that he is not, and never has been, a member or supporter of the IRA. Israel repeats that the arrest of  Muireagin was "unfortunate", but refuses to apologise. Israel's treatment of  Muireagin is strongly criticised in Ireland. SDLP ex-minister Sean Farren states that  Muireagin is "well known and respected" in Northern Ireland.](/news/2003/07/17/in-a-press-conference-in-belfast-journalist-sean-o-muireagain-denies-israeli-claims-that-suspected-him-of-being-a-real-ira-activist-he-st.md) _Context: Israel, Northern Ireland, Real IRA, Sen  Muireagin, journalist_
2. [ The United Kingdom media, following tip-offs from the Israeli and British Intelligence Services, state that Sen  Muireagin of the Real IRA had been captured in Israel.](/news/2003/07/13/the-united-kingdom-media-following-tip-offs-from-the-israeli-and-british-intelligence-services-state-that-sean-o-muireagain-of-the-real-i.md) _Context: Israel, Real IRA, Sen  Muireagin_
3. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, terrorism_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
5. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: IRA, Northern Ireland_
