### [2013-08-21](/news/2013/08/21/index.md)

# David Miranda, journalist Glenn Greenwald's partner in covering United States and British mass surveillance programmes, arrives in Brazil, after being released from detainment at Heathrow airport, London. 




### Source:

1. [GloboNews](http://g1.globo.com/mundo/noticia/2013/08/gabinete-do-premie-britanico-estava-a-par-de-brasileiro-detido.html)

### Related:

1. [ The family of Jean Charles de Menezes arrives in London looking for justice. The innocent Brazilian was shot six times by police exercising a shoot-to-kill policy. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Ian Blair has offered his personal apology for the killing, but this has been rejected by the family. ](/news/2005/09/29/the-family-of-jean-charles-de-menezes-arrives-in-london-looking-for-justice-the-innocent-brazilian-was-shot-six-times-by-police-exercising.md) _Context: Brazil, London_
2. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: London_
3. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-c.md) _Context: London_
4. [Big Ben. London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/big-ben-london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-perfor.md) _Context: London_
5. [Crime in London. Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/crime-in-london-five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
6. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [Camden Market fire. A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/camden-market-fire-a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attendin.md) _Context: London_
8. [Crime in London. A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/crime-in-london-a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threa.md) _Context: London_
9. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Grenfell Tower fire. The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/grenfell-tower-fire-the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-me.md) _Context: London_
