### [2013-08-21](/news/2013/08/21/index.md)

# "United States v Bradley Manning": United States Army private Chelsea Manning (legally Bradley Manning) is sentenced to 35 years in jail for providing classified material to WikiLeaks. 

Bradley Manning, the Army private convicted of leaking hundreds of thousands of classified documents to the website WikiLeaks, was sentenced to 35 years in a military prison today.


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/bradley-manning-sentenced-35-years-leaking-secrets/story?id=20021288)

### Related:

1. [In "United States v. Bradley Manning", Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges. ](/news/2013/07/30/in-united-states-v-bradley-manning-bradley-manning-is-acquitted-of-aiding-the-enemy-for-giving-classified-united-states-army-information.md) _Context: United States Army, United States v Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
2. ["United States v. Bradley Manning":. The trial of U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks continues in Fort Meade, Maryland. Former computer hacker Adrian Lamo, who turned Manning in to his persecutors, gives evidence at the court martial. ](/news/2013/06/4/united-states-v-bradley-manning-the-trial-of-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-continues-in.md) _Context: United States Army, United States v Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
3. [The trial of United States Army private Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks begins in Fort Meade, Maryland. ](/news/2013/06/3/the-trial-of-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-begins-in-fort-meade-maryland.md) _Context: United States Army, United States v Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
4. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: Chelsea Manning, United States Army_
5. [Barack Obama presidential pardons. The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/barack-obama-presidential-pardons-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for.md) _Context: Chelsea Manning, WikiLeaks_
6. [Imprisoned former American Army intelligence analyst and transgender person Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth, will have the military provide the costs of gender reassignment surgery. She was convicted by court-martial in July 2013 of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses, after disclosing to WikiLeaks nearly three-quarters of a million classified or unclassified but sensitive military and diplomatic documents. ](/news/2016/09/13/imprisoned-former-american-army-intelligence-analyst-and-transgender-person-chelsea-manning-who-is-serving-a-35-year-sentence-at-fort-leave.md) _Context: Chelsea Manning, WikiLeaks_
7. ["United States v. Bradley Manning":. The judge disallows discussion of Bradley Manning's motives for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks at this time. ](/news/2013/06/5/united-states-v-bradley-manning-the-judge-disallows-discussion-of-bradley-manning-s-motives-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileak.md) _Context: United States v Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
8. [Wikileaks suspect United States Army Private Bradley Manning is formally charged ahead of a court martial. ](/news/2012/02/23/wikileaks-suspect-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-is-formally-charged-ahead-of-a-court-martial.md) _Context: United States Army, WikiLeaks_
9. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: United States Army, WikiLeaks_
10. [WikiLeaks:. The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-the-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-bra.md) _Context: United States Army, WikiLeaks_
