### [2003-12-9](/news/2003/12/9/index.md)

# Former U.S. Senator Bob Kerrey is appointed to the 9/11 Commission to replace Max Cleland, who is stepping down to become president of the U.S. Export-Import Bank.




### Related:

1. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Senate_
2. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
3. [The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
4. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [U.S. Senator John McCain is diagnosed with a malignant brain cancer, glioblastoma multiforme. This is his second battle with cancer, after having been successfully treated for malignant melanoma. ](/news/2017/07/19/u-s-senator-john-mccain-is-diagnosed-with-a-malignant-brain-cancer-glioblastoma-multiforme-this-is-his-second-battle-with-cancer-after-h.md) _Context: United States Senate_
6. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
