### [2003-12-9](/news/2003/12/9/index.md)

# Occupation of Iraq:Some 60 U.S. soldiers and a handful of Iraqis are injured in Tal Afar, west of Mosul, when a pre-dawn car bomb explodes at an entrance to an army base. 




### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, United States, car bomb_
2. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, United States_
3. [ Iraq's Police Service kills an Iraqi interpreter and injures at least three U.S. soldiers in Mosul. ](/news/2009/02/24/iraq-s-police-service-kills-an-iraqi-interpreter-and-injures-at-least-three-u-s-soldiers-in-mosul.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, United States_
4. [ A car bomb in the town of Tal Afar in northern Iraq kills at least 21 people and injures about 70. ](/news/2008/08/8/a-car-bomb-in-the-town-of-tal-afar-in-northern-iraq-kills-at-least-21-people-and-injures-about-70.md) _Context: Iraq, Tal Afar, car bomb_
5. [ Four United States soldiers die in Baghdad in a car bomb attack, while 12 Iraqis die in Baghdad and Iskandariya in the south of Iraq. ](/news/2007/03/15/four-united-states-soldiers-die-in-baghdad-in-a-car-bomb-attack-while-12-iraqis-die-in-baghdad-and-iskandariya-in-the-south-of-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, car bomb_
6. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
7. [Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-densely-populated-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul_
8. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Mosul, United States_
9. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
10. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
