### [2003-12-9](/news/2003/12/9/index.md)

# Political status of Taiwan: Standing next to visiting Premier Wen Jiabao, George W. Bush reiterates U.S. support for the one China policy and states that he opposes holding a referendum on Taiwan. 




### Related:

1. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
2. ["The New York Times" claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2013/01/31/the-new-york-times-claims-that-chinese-hackers-have-broken-into-their-computers-and-stolen-passwords-of-high-profile-members-and-reporters.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
3. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao says the country needs to carry out political reforms in order to support achievements made in its economic restructuring, contradicting statements by other Politburo members. ](/news/2011/03/14/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-says-the-country-needs-to-carry-out-political-reforms-in-order-to-support-achievements-made-in-its-economic-restr.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
4. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrives for a working visit in Pakistan and meets with Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani. ](/news/2010/12/18/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-arrives-for-a-working-visit-in-pakistan-and-meets-with-pakistani-prime-minister-yusuf-raza-gilani.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
5. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao begins a trade visit to India. ](/news/2010/12/15/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-begins-a-trade-visit-to-india.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama meets with the Premier of China Wen Jiabao, with the value of the renminbi the top issue for discussion. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-the-premier-of-china-wen-jiabao-with-the-value-of-the-renminbi-the-top-issue-for.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
7. [Wen Jiabao, the Premier of the People's Republic of China and Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan agree to establish a Prime Ministerial hotline between the two heads of government. ](/news/2010/06/13/wen-jiabao-the-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-agree-to-establish-a-prime-ministerial-hotli.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
8. [The Xinhua news agency responds to claims by The Guardian newspaper that China had tried "hijack" the Copenhagen summit's Accord by claiming that the Chinese premier Wen Jiabao was not invited to secret US-initiated talks on December 17. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-xinhua-news-agency-responds-to-claims-by-the-guardian-newspaper-that-china-had-tried-ahijacka-the-copenhagen-summit-s-accord-by-clai.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
9. [ The first plenary session of the 11th National People's Congress begins in China. Premier Wen Jiabao delivers the last annual government report in his first term of office. ](/news/2008/03/5/the-first-plenary-session-of-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-begins-in-china-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-the-last-annual-government-re.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
10. [ 2008 National People's Congress: At the concluding press conference, Premier of the People's Republic of China Wen Jiabao asserts the Chinese government exercised restraint in suppressing the 2008 unrest in Tibet. Wen also accused the Dalai Lama of inciting the protests. ](/news/2008/03/18/2008-national-people-s-congress-at-the-concluding-press-conference-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-wen-jiabao-asserts-the-chine.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
