### [2013-06-10](/news/2013/06/10/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby. Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. 

Heavily armed Taliban militants die in a gun battle with Afghan forces after taking over a building near Kabul airport.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22837221)

### Related:

1. [ 2001 Attack on Afghanistan: Taliban forces abandon Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan, ahead of advancing Afghan Northern Alliance troops (Northern Alliance fighters took Kabul on November 14).](/news/2001/11/12/2001-attack-on-afghanistan-taliban-forces-abandon-kabul-the-capital-of-afghanistan-ahead-of-advancing-afghan-northern-alliance-troops-n.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanis.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
4. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan-s most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-nort.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natura.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [A suicide attack by the Taliban kills three and injures at least eighteen outside Kabul International Airport in Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/05/17/a-suicide-attack-by-the-taliban-kills-three-and-injures-at-least-eighteen-outside-kabul-international-airport-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul International Airport, Taliban_
7. [A suicide car bomber hits the headquarters of EUPOL Afghanistan in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing one person and injuring five others. The Taliban have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2015/01/5/a-suicide-car-bomber-hits-the-headquarters-of-eupol-afghanistan-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-one-person-and-injuring-five-others-the-tali.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan:: A suicide bomber kills 5 in a targeted attack on a British embassy vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/11/27/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-5-in-a-targeted-attack-on-a-british-embassy-vehicle-in-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [Taliban insurgency:: A Taliban suicide bomber blows himself up outside Kabul International Airport killing three foreign advisers and an Afghan interpreter. ](/news/2014/07/22/taliban-insurgency-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-blows-himself-up-outside-kabul-international-airport-killing-three-foreign-advisers-and-an-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul International Airport, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: A suicide bomber attacks a foreign military convoy on the eastern outskirts of the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing at least three foreign soldiers, police and the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force. ](/news/2013/12/27/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-foreign-military-convoy-on-the-eastern-outskirts-of-the-afghan-capital-kab.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
