### [2005-01-22](/news/2005/01/22/index.md)

#  The Washington Post alleges that the Pentagon is running a military organization known as the Strategic Support Branch which is under the direct control of U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. Allegedly it is used to bypass the limitations of working with the Central Intelligence Agency. The Pentagon stated "There is no unit that is directly reportable to the secretary of defense for clandestine operations" and the department "is not attempting to 'bend' statutes to fit desired activities". 




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Pentagon says that the CIA has arrested a senior al-Qaeda operative, Abdul Hadi al Iraqi, and transferred him to the Guantanamo Bay detention center. ](/news/2007/04/27/the-u-s-pentagon-says-that-the-cia-has-arrested-a-senior-al-qaeda-operative-abdul-hadi-al-iraqi-and-transferred-him-to-the-guantanamo-ba.md) _Context: CIA, United States military_
2. [ U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld cancels his attendance at the Munich Security Conference in February due to a war crimes investigation filed against him in Germany by the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights in connection with detainee abuses at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2005/01/22/u-s-defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-cancels-his-attendance-at-the-munich-security-conference-in-february-due-to-a-war-crimes-investigati.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, U.S. Defense Secretary_
3. [ U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has admitted that he had used a machine to sign letters of condolence to relatives of more than 1,000 troops killed in Iraq and Afghanistan, but pledged to sign the letters personally in future. ](/news/2004/12/20/u-s-defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-has-admitted-that-he-had-used-a-machine-to-sign-letters-of-condolence-to-relatives-of-more-than-1-00.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, U.S. Defense Secretary_
4. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
5. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
6. [ United States Army secretary Thomas E. White resigns amidst tensions with Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld over the direction future Army weapons development programs should take, and controversy surrounding White's previous employer, Enron. The Pentagon declines to provide specifics on the circumstances of his resignation.](/news/2003/04/25/united-states-army-secretary-thomas-e-white-resigns-amidst-tensions-with-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-over-the-direction-future-ar.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
7. [War on Terror: A "Washington Post" article quotes numerous anonymous CIA agents who confirm that the Central Intelligence Agency of the United States uses so-called "stress and duress" interrogation techniques, which are claimed by human rights activists to be acts of torture. The anonymous agents defend the practice as necessary in light of the September 11 terrorist attacks; publicly, US government officials deny the charges, while declining to address specifics. Privately, however, one official justified human rights violations as being a necessary part of the job. ](/news/2002/12/26/war-on-terror-a-washington-post-article-quotes-numerous-anonymous-cia-agents-who-confirm-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-of-the-unit.md) _Context: CIA, Washington Post_
8. [ Donald Rumsfeld warns of $2,300,000,000,000 of Pentagon spending that cannot be accounted for. ](/news/2001/09/10/donald-rumsfeld-warns-of-2-300-000-000-000-of-pentagon-spending-that-cannot-be-accounted-for.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
9. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-selling-classified-information-to-chinese-oper.md) _Context: CIA_
