### [2014-06-29](/news/2014/06/29/index.md)

# The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is renamed The Islamic State, with a caliphate being proclaimed and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi being named caliph. 

The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isis) has reportedly declared the areas it occupies in Iraq and Syria as a new Islamic state, removing Iraq and the Levant from its name and ushering in “a new era of international jihad”.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/isis-declares-new-islamic-state-in-middle-east-with-abu-bakr-albaghdadi-as-emir-removing-iraq-and-syria-from-its-name-9571374.html)

### Related:

1. [The Lebanese Army and the  al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-of-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-leader-of-the.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, caliphate_
3. [Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.  The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials.  ](/news/2015/10/11/iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-the-group-was.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [The Islamic State seizes the Yazidi-dominated town of Sinjar. ](/news/2014/08/3/the-islamic-state-seizes-the-yazidi-dominated-town-of-sinjar.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [American human rights group Human Rights Watch claims that Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant executed at least 160 captives earlier this month in Tikrit. ](/news/2014/06/27/american-human-rights-group-human-rights-watch-claims-that-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-executed-at-least-160-captives-earlier-this.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the towns of al-Qa'im, Anah and Rawa in Western Iraq. ](/news/2014/06/21/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-towns-of-al-qa-im-anah-and-rawa-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: 2014 Northern Iraq offensive, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
