### [2014-06-29](/news/2014/06/29/index.md)

# Turkish president Abdullah Gul states that he will not run for a second term in the upcoming presidential elections in August, paving the way for prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to run as AKP's candidate instead. 

 I will not present my candidacy. I already told this to Mr. [Prime Minister Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan before the March 30 [local elections], Gül told reporters on June 29


### Source:

1. [Hürriyet](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/president-gul-announces-he-will-not-run-for-second-term-in-august-elections.aspx?pageID=238&nID=68443&NewsCatID=338)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
2. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) wins Sunday's snap election with more than 49 percent of the vote. AKP, projected to get 316 seats in the 550-seat parliament, regains single-party rule just five months after losing it. ](/news/2015/11/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-ruling-justice-and-development-party-akp-wins-sunday-s-snap-election-with-more-than-49-percent-o.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
3. [Two recent polls indicate that the ruling party in Republic of Turkey, the Justice and Development Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, is in danger of losing its parliamentary majority in the June 7 election. ](/news/2015/05/25/two-recent-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-party-in-republic-of-turkey-the-justice-and-development-party-of-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-is-in-dan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
4. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with current Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan poised for a first round victory. ](/news/2014/08/10/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-current-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, presidential election_
5. [Turkish local elections, 2014:Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory.  ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-pvoters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
6. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
7. [ Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer gave a mandate to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to form his second cabinet following a landslide victory for the Justice and Development Party (AKP) in the general elections. ](/news/2007/08/6/turkish-president-ahmet-necdet-sezer-gave-a-mandate-to-turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-to-form-his-second-cabinet-following-a.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
8. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
9. [ Turkey: Turkish Justice and Development Party (AK Party) has won the Turkish general election. The AK Party campaigned on economic and social issues, and downplayed its Islamist origins. The AK Party's chairman Recep Tayyip Erdogan is banned from holding political office, so someone else will become Turkish Prime Minister. Opponents of the AK Party have expressed concerns that the AK Party's victory may threaten the secular nature of the Turkish state.](/news/2002/11/4/turkey-turkish-justice-and-development-party-ak-party-has-won-the-turkish-general-election-the-ak-party-campaigned-on-economic-and-soci.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, ruling party_
10. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
