### [2004-05-26](/news/2004/05/26/index.md)

#  FBI Director Robert Mueller and United States Attorney General John Ashcroft state that Al Qaeda may be planning a terrorist strike over the coming months. Multiple FBI officials contend that there is no recent intelligence to suggest a significant change in the US's security situation, and critics question the validity and timing of the public warning.[http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/27/politics/27terror.html?th (NYT)] Seven people wanted for questioning are also named.




### Related:

1. [ White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales has been announced by President George W. Bush as his nominee for United States Attorney General, succeeding John Ashcroft. ](/news/2004/11/9/white-house-counsel-alberto-r-gonzales-has-been-announced-by-president-george-w-bush-as-his-nominee-for-united-states-attorney-general-s.md) _Context: John Ashcroft, United States Attorney General_
2. [ U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that George W. Bush did not approve the torture of terrorist prisoners; he also reiterates his stance that the Geneva Conventions do not apply to al-Qaeda fighters. ](/news/2004/06/9/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-tells-the-senate-judiciary-committee-that-george-w-bush-did-not-approve-the-torture-of-terrorist-priso.md) _Context: John Ashcroft, al-Qaeda_
3. [ University of South Florida computer engineering professor Dr. Sami Al-Arian was arrested by the FBI after he and seven others were indicted on 50 terrorism-related charges. United States Attorney General John Ashcroft alleged at a news conference that Al-Arian is the North American leader of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.](/news/2003/02/20/university-of-south-florida-computer-engineering-professor-dr-sami-al-arian-was-arrested-by-the-fbi-after-he-and-seven-others-were-indicte.md) _Context: John Ashcroft, United States Attorney General_
4. [Both the FBI and NSD declare that they possess no records indicating that Trump Tower in New York City, New York was wiretapped earlier in March. ](/news/2017/09/2/both-the-fbi-and-nsd-declare-that-they-possess-no-records-indicating-that-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-new-york-was-wiretapped-earlier-in-m.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
6. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
7. [A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passengers-are-detaine.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-states-is-identified-as-a-main-focus-of-investigations-into.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [ Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appoints former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 election. ](/news/2017/05/17/deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-appoints-former-fbi-director-robert-mueller-as-special-counsel-to-oversee-the-fbias-investigation.md) _Context: Robert Mueller_
