### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." 

The downing of an unidentified jet in Turkish airspace was not — and is not — an act against a specific country. Turkey took action, based on standing rules of engagement, to protect the integrity...


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/27/middleeast/syria-turkey-russia-warplane-shot-down/)
2. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/russia-announces-economic-sanctions-against-turkey-1.2447665)
3. [Times of London](http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/opinion/thunderer/article4624985.ece)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, President, Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
2. [Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-t.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey, Russia, Turkish_
3. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Russia, Turkish, relations between Turkey and Russia_
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan writes Russian President Vladimir Putin to offer condolences to the family of the deceased Russian pilot of the Sukhoi Su-24  warplane shot down last November. The Kremlin has insisted on a personal apology for months. A Turkish spokesman says this is a step toward improving bilateral relations between the two countries.  ](/news/2016/06/27/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-writes-russian-president-vladimir-putin-to-offer-condolences-to-the-family-of-the-deceased-russian-p.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, relations between Turkey and Russia_
5. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoğlu, Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
6. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, Russia, Turkish, relations between Turkey and Russia_
7. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
8. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
9. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Russia, Turkish, relations between Turkey and Russia_
10. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
