### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2015: The Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Malta calls for an ambitious and legally binding outcome at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. 

The Commonwealth on Saturday pledged itself towards an &quot;ambitious&quot;, legally-binding outcome from the world climate change summit, saying it was &quot;deeply concerned&quot; about the disproportionate threat to its most vulnerable members. Leaders from the 53-country family, which represents


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/britain-host-next-commonwealth-summit-2018-194149814.html;_ylt=AwrC1CoqDlpWxQUA0cvQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)
2. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/commonwealth-wants-ambitious-legally-binding-cop21-result-193050489.html;_ylt=AwrC1DESAlpWJzUAuXnQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2015: Queen Elizabeth II (U.K.) arrives in Malta for the Commonwealth summit what begins tomorrow. The then-future Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh lived on the island from 1949-51. The Commonwealth is a group of 53 nations; most member states were once part of the British Empire, and 16 retain the Queen as head of state. ](/news/2015/11/26/commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-2015-queen-elizabeth-ii-u-k-arrives-in-malta-for-the-commonwealth-summit-what-begins-tomorrow.md) _Context: Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2015, Malta_
2. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Malta: A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/12/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-malta-a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-in-malta-gets-approved-by-parliament.md) _Context: Malta_
3. [Maltese general election, 2017: Voters in Malta go to the polls for a snap election, with current Prime Minister Joseph Muscat and his Labour Party facing off against Forza Nazzjonali, led by Simon Busuttil. The election comes amid corruption allegations leveled against Muscat's associates. ](/news/2017/06/3/maltese-general-election-2017-voters-in-malta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-with-current-prime-minister-joseph-muscat-and-his-labou.md) _Context: Malta_
4. [The gigantic limestone natural arch Azure Window on the Maltese island of Gozo collapses due to a storm. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-gigantic-limestone-natural-arch-azure-window-on-the-maltese-island-of-gozo-collapses-due-to-a-storm.md) _Context: Malta_
5. [Afriqiyah Airways Flight 209: An Afriqiyah Airways flight originating from Sabha, Libya, is hijacked and forced to make an emergency landing in Malta. Hijackers threaten to blow up the aircraft with grenades, but the standoff ends peacefully with all hostages released and both hijackers surrendering. ](/news/2016/12/23/afriqiyah-airways-flight-209-an-afriqiyah-airways-flight-originating-from-sabha-libya-is-hijacked-and-forced-to-make-an-emergency-landing.md) _Context: Malta_
6. [2016 French Fairchild Metroliner crash: A twin-prop Fairchild Metroliner Mark III light aircraft crashes shortly after takeoff from Malta International Airport, killing all five French nationals on board. Malta officials say that the aircraft was part of a French customs surveillance operation tracing routes of illicit trafficking, of humans and drugs on Libyan coasts, and that the flight was heading for the Libyan city of Misrata. ](/news/2016/10/24/2016-french-fairchild-metroliner-crash-a-twin-prop-fairchild-metroliner-mark-iii-light-aircraft-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-malta-in.md) _Context: Malta_
7. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
8. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Delegates at the 2015 Climate Change conference in Paris reach a draft agreement. ](/news/2015/12/5/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-delegates-at-the-2015-climate-change-conference-in-paris-reach-a-draft-agreement.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
9. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
10. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces the world climate talks (COP 21) will be extended to at least Saturday. ](/news/2015/12/11/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-the-world-climate-talks-cop-21-will-be-ext.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
