### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# European migrant crisis: Macedonian border crisis: Macedonia's Army begins erecting a metal fence on its southern border with Greece. Around 250 migrants later clash with Macedonian police on the border. 

Soldiers in Macedonia began erecting a metal fence on Saturday on the country&#039;s southern border with Greece. 


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/babcfa8e41074c189aae9d765845bd6c/migrants-clash-macedonian-police-greek-border)
2. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2015/11/28/macedonian-army-starts-building-fence-on-greek-border.html)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
2. [European migrant crisis: Macedonian police fire tear gas at refugees as they attempted to break through a fence at the Greece-Macedonia border near Idomeni, sparking clashes that injured 200 people. ](/news/2016/04/10/european-migrant-crisis-macedonian-police-fire-tear-gas-at-refugees-as-they-attempted-to-break-through-a-fence-at-the-greece-macedonia-bord.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
3. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
4. [European migrant crisis: Greece claims that Macedonia has closed its borders to migrants from Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/02/21/european-migrant-crisis-greece-claims-that-macedonia-has-closed-its-borders-to-migrants-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
5. [European migrant crisis: Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/european-migrant-crisis-greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrant.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek, Macedonian_
6. [European migrant crisis: Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
7. [European migrant crisis: Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/european-migrant-crisis-two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
8. [European migrant crisis: Greek authorities begin operations to clear the Idomeni refugee camp on the border with Macedonia. ](/news/2016/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-greek-authorities-begin-operations-to-clear-the-idomeni-refugee-camp-on-the-border-with-macedonia.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Macedonian_
9. [European migrant crisis: Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/european-migrant-crisis-greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
10. [European migrant crisis: Clashes break out between migrants and riot police at the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos after a policeman reportedly hit a minor. The violence occurred as a Greek migration minister was visiting the center. Several refugees/migrants are reported injured. ](/news/2016/04/26/european-migrant-crisis-clashes-break-out-between-migrants-and-riot-police-at-the-ma2ria-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-after-a-policem.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
