### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. 

International Court of Justice ruled last year that Japanese whaling must stop, amid widespread outrage at the practice


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/japan/12022369/Japan-to-resume-Antarctic-whale-hunt-despite-ICJ-ruling.html)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/28/Japan-to-resume-whaling-in-Antarctic-ignores-World-Court-ruling/6601448711159/)

### Related:

1. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these  hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt, whale, whaling_
2. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits.  ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, United Nations, whaling_
3. [Japan vows to continue its whaling program despite passage of an anti-whaling vote in the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2014/09/19/japan-vows-to-continue-its-whaling-program-despite-passage-of-an-anti-whaling-vote-in-the-international-whaling-commission.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, whaling_
4. [The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-international-whaling-commission-does-not-reach-agreement-on-curbing-whaling-by-japan-norway-and-iceland-in-a-meeting-in-agadir-morocc.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
5. [An investigation by ''The Sunday Times'' alleges that Japan has bribed smaller nations in exchange for their vote to resume whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2010/06/13/an-investigation-by-the-sunday-times-alleges-that-japan-has-bribed-smaller-nations-in-exchange-for-their-vote-to-resume-whaling-at-the-i.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
6. [Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada dismisses Australia's threat to take the country to the International Court of Justice over Japan's whaling in the Antarctic. ](/news/2010/02/21/japanese-foreign-minister-katsuya-okada-dismisses-australia-s-threat-to-take-the-country-to-the-international-court-of-justice-over-japan-s.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
7. [The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society's anti-whaling speedboat ''Ady Gil'', which was damaged on Wednesday during a confrontation with the Japanese security vessel ''Shonan Maru 2'', sinks in the Southern Ocean shortly before 3:30 a.m. AEDT as the Society's ''Bob Barker'' attempts to salvage the boat. ](/news/2010/01/8/the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-s-anti-whaling-speedboat-ady-gil-which-was-damaged-on-wednesday-during-a-confrontation-with-the-j.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
8. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
9. [ Japan fails to win in its bid to lift a commercial moratorium on whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2007/05/31/japan-fails-to-win-in-its-bid-to-lift-a-commercial-moratorium-on-whaling-at-the-international-whaling-commission.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
10. [ Japan abandons its whaling hunt in the Southern Ocean for this year due to the damage caused to the ''Nisshin Maru''. ](/news/2007/02/28/japan-abandons-its-whaling-hunt-in-the-southern-ocean-for-this-year-due-to-the-damage-caused-to-the-nisshin-maru.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
