### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. 

Prime minister gambles on opposition support as Labour split deepens and Jeremy Corbyn comes under pressure to lift party whip


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/nov/29/cameron-to-risk-commons-vote-on-syria)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron confirms that two ISIS militants, UK citizens, Reyaad Khan and Ruhul Amin, were killed in Syria when a British drone attack hit their car on August 21, 2015. Both Khan and Amin had appeared in an ISIS recruitment video last year. They are alleged to have been plotting a terrorist attack on the UK. ](/news/2015/09/8/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-confirms-that-two-isis-militants-uk-citizens-reyaa.md) _Context: David Cameron, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Prime Minister, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-militar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Military intervention against ISIL: British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/military-intervention-against-isil-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-h.md) _Context: David Cameron, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: Operation Chammal: France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-opa-c-ration-chammal-france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:: British Prime Minister David Cameron says that a "robust response" to the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria is needed despite UK military action being ruled out. ](/news/2013/08/30/syrian-civil-war-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-a-robust-response-to-the-alleged-use-of-chemical-weapons-in-syria-is-nee.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
