### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# The Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Malta calls for an ambitious and legally binding outcome at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. 

The Commonwealth on Saturday pledged itself towards an &quot;ambitious&quot;, legally-binding outcome from the world climate change summit, saying it was &quot;deeply concerned&quot; about the disproportionate threat to its most vulnerable members. Leaders from the 53-country family, which represents


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/britain-host-next-commonwealth-summit-2018-194149814.html;_ylt=AwrC1CoqDlpWxQUA0cvQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)
2. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/commonwealth-wants-ambitious-legally-binding-cop21-result-193050489.html;_ylt=AwrC1DESAlpWJzUAuXnQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [Queen Elizabeth II (U.K.) arrives in Malta for the Commonwealth summit what begins tomorrow. The then-future Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh lived on the island from 1949-51. The Commonwealth is a group of 53 nations; most member states were once part of the British Empire, and 16 retain the Queen as head of state. ](/news/2015/11/26/queen-elizabeth-ii-u-k-arrives-in-malta-for-the-commonwealth-summit-what-begins-tomorrow-the-then-future-queen-and-the-duke-of-edinburgh.md) _Context: Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2015, Maltese_
2. [The gigantic limestone natural arch Azure Window on the Maltese island of Gozo collapses due to a storm. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-gigantic-limestone-natural-arch-azure-window-on-the-maltese-island-of-gozo-collapses-due-to-a-storm.md) _Context: Maltese_
3. [An Afriqiyah Airways flight originating from Sabha, Libya, is hijacked and forced to make an emergency landing in Malta. Hijackers threaten to blow up the aircraft with grenades, but the standoff ends peacefully with all hostages released and both hijackers surrendering. ](/news/2016/12/23/an-afriqiyah-airways-flight-originating-from-sabha-libya-is-hijacked-and-forced-to-make-an-emergency-landing-in-malta-hijackers-threaten.md) _Context: Maltese_
4. [A twin-prop Fairchild Metroliner Mark III light aircraft crashes shortly after takeoff from Malta International Airport, killing all five French nationals on board. Malta officials say that the aircraft was part of a French customs surveillance operation tracing routes of illicit trafficking, of humans and drugs on Libyan coasts, and that the flight was heading for the Libyan city of Misrata. ](/news/2016/10/24/a-twin-prop-fairchild-metroliner-mark-iii-light-aircraft-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-malta-international-airport-killing-all-five-fr.md) _Context: Maltese_
5. [A record 175 states sign the United Nations climate agreement in New York on opening day. The agreement will enter into force once 55 countries representing at least 55 percent of global emissions formally join it. ](/news/2016/04/22/a-record-175-states-sign-the-united-nations-climate-agreement-in-new-york-on-opening-day-the-agreement-will-enter-into-force-once-55-countr.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
6. [Delegates at the 2015 Climate Change conference in Paris reach a draft agreement. ](/news/2015/12/5/delegates-at-the-2015-climate-change-conference-in-paris-reach-a-draft-agreement.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
7. [In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
8. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces the world climate talks (COP 21) will be extended to at least Saturday. ](/news/2015/12/11/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-the-world-climate-talks-cop-21-will-be-extended-to-at-least-saturday.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
9. [Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-global-deal-on-limiting-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
10. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference_
