### [2015-11-28](/news/2015/11/28/index.md)

# Turkey-PKK conflict: Tahir Elci, a pro-Kurdish lawyer, is shot dead at a press conference in the city of Diyarbakir as clashes break out between Turkish security forces and PKK militants. 

The head of the Diyarbakir Bar Association was shot dead in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir in the clearest sign of a deteriorating security situation in the country&#039;s southeast since elections this month.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg'' via ''Washington Today](http://www.watoday.com.au/world/top-prokurdish-lawyer-shot-dead-in-turkeys-southeast-20151128-glam0c.html)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of Kurds pour into the streets of Diyarbakir, Turkey, for the funeral of Sakine Cansiz, the co-founder of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, who was killed in Paris, France, on January 9. ](/news/2013/01/17/tens-of-thousands-of-kurds-pour-into-the-streets-of-diyarbakir-turkey-for-the-funeral-of-sakine-cansa-z-the-co-founder-of-the-outlawed-ku.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
2. [Turkey-PKK conflict: PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkey-pkk-conflict-pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
3. [Turkey-PKK conflict: The Turkish army says 69 Kurdish insurgents and two Turkish soldiers were killed in four days of fighting in Cizre and Silopi, near the Syrian and Iraqi borders, in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/19/turkey-pkk-conflict-the-turkish-army-says-69-kurdish-insurgents-and-two-turkish-soldiers-were-killed-in-four-days-of-fighting-in-cizre-an.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
4. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldie.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
5. [Turkey-PKK conflict: At least 55 are killed when Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) camps in northern Iraq, according to Turkey's security sources. ](/news/2015/09/19/turkey-pkk-conflict-at-least-55-are-killed-when-turkish-warplanes-hit-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-camps-in-northern-iraq-according-to.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
6. [Turkey-PKK conflict: A PKK car bombing on a checkpoint kills two Turkish police officers and injures five others in south-eastern Turkey. Also, Turkish security forces impose a curfew in the region's largest city, Diyarbakir. ](/news/2015/09/13/turkey-pkk-conflict-a-pkk-car-bombing-on-a-checkpoint-kills-two-turkish-police-officers-and-injures-five-others-in-south-eastern-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
7. [Turkey-PKK conflict: A suicide attack by the PKK kills two Turkish Army soldiers and injures 24 others in the Turkish town of Dogubeyazit in Agri Province near the Iran border. ](/news/2015/08/2/turkey-pkk-conflict-a-suicide-attack-by-the-pkk-kills-two-turkish-army-soldiers-and-injures-24-others-in-the-turkish-town-of-doaubeyaza.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
8. [Turkey-PKK conflict: A clash in Turkey's Kars Province kills a Turkish Army soldier and three PKK militants. ](/news/2015/08/16/turkey-pkk-conflict-a-clash-in-turkey-s-kars-province-kills-a-turkish-army-soldier-and-three-pkk-militants.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
9. [Two people are killed and more than a hundred injured as bombs explode at rallies held by the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party two days ahead of the general election in Diyarbakir. ](/news/2015/06/5/two-people-are-killed-and-more-than-a-hundred-injured-as-bombs-explode-at-rallies-held-by-the-pro-kurdish-peoples-democratic-party-two-days.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdish_
10. [Police in France discover the bodies of Sakine Cansiz, one of the co-founders of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, and two other Kurdish activists who were all shot dead in a Kurdish information center in the capital, Paris. ](/news/2013/01/10/police-in-france-discover-the-bodies-of-sakine-cansa-z-one-of-the-co-founders-of-the-kurdistan-workers-party-and-two-other-kurdish-activi.md) _Context: Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
