### [2010-05-7](/news/2010/05/7/index.md)

# Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. 

Police link five more people to the murder of senior Hamas commander at a hotel.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/05/201057121720281597.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/may/07/dubai-identifies-suspects-hamas-assassination)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-05/07/c_13282214.htm)

### Related:

1. [Mossad announces an intention to apologize to Britain for using fake British passports during the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January 2010. ](/news/2010/12/25/mossad-announces-an-intention-to-apologize-to-britain-for-using-fake-british-passports-during-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dub.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, United Kingdom, the assassination_
2. [Release of Uri Brodsky:Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with  the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/14/release-of-uri-brodsky-pofficials-in-the-united-arab-emirates-express-concern-after-germany-releases-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-who.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
3. [Germany allows suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, connected of the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, to go free after his recent extradition from Poland. ](/news/2010/08/13/germany-allows-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-connected-of-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-to-go-free-after-his-recent-extrad.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
4. [Poland extradites Israeli citizen and suspected spy Uri Brodsky to Germany to face charges of being involved in the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/12/poland-extradites-israeli-citizen-and-suspected-spy-uri-brodsky-to-germany-to-face-charges-of-being-involved-in-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mab.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
5. [Australia summons the Israeli ambassador to explain why three new suspects over the Dubai killing of a Hamas leader, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, used Australian passports. ](/news/2010/02/25/australia-summons-the-israeli-ambassador-to-explain-why-three-new-suspects-over-the-dubai-killing-of-a-hamas-leader-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-use.md) _Context: Australia, Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh_
6. [Assassination of senior Hamas commander in Dubai:The British and Irish governments call in their Israeli ambassadors over the use of fake passports by the alleged killers of a Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/02/18/assassination-of-senior-hamas-commander-in-dubai-pthe-british-and-irish-governments-call-in-their-israeli-ambassadors-over-the-use-of-fake-p.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, United Kingdom_
7. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, France, United Kingdom_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom_
9. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, United Kingdom_
10. [Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. ](/news/2011/04/25/australia-and-new-zealand-mark-anzac-day-events-occur-in-afghanistan-france-turkey-and-vietnam-while-julia-gillard-heads-to-south-korea.md) _Context: Australia, France, New Zealand_
