### [2010-11-7](/news/2010/11/7/index.md)

# Airlines cancel flights to Indonesia due to the Mount Merapi volcanic eruption. 

Qantas considers cancelling flights to Jakarta due to the risk posed by ash clouds from the eruption of Mount Merapi.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/11/07/3059256.htm?WT.mc_id=newsmail)

### Related:

1. [2010 eruption of Mount Merapi. Lava and ash spew from Mount Merapi in Central Java province in Indonesia before dawn as the death toll rises to 120. ](/news/2010/11/6/2010-eruption-of-mount-merapi-lava-and-ash-spew-from-mount-merapi-in-central-java-province-in-indonesia-before-dawn-as-the-death-toll-rises.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mount Merapi volcanic eruption_
2. [The death toll from the Mount Merapi eruption in Indonesia rises to 122 as at least 78 bodies were removed from homes and streets blanketed by ash up to 30-centimeters deep. ](/news/2010/11/5/the-death-toll-from-the-mount-merapi-eruption-in-indonesia-rises-to-122-as-at-least-78-bodies-were-removed-from-homes-and-streets-blanketed.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mount Merapi volcanic eruption_
3. [Indonesia. The death toll from the recent eruption of Mount Merapi in Indonesia rises to 32 as it erupts again. ](/news/2010/10/28/indonesia-the-death-toll-from-the-recent-eruption-of-mount-merapi-in-indonesia-rises-to-32-as-it-erupts-again.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mount Merapi volcanic eruption_
4. [Fatalities caused by the eruption of Mount Merapi in Indonesia's Yogyakarta province rises, with 28 people known to have been killed by hot ash. ](/news/2010/10/27/fatalities-caused-by-the-eruption-of-mount-merapi-in-indonesia-s-yogyakarta-province-rises-with-28-people-known-to-have-been-killed-by-hot.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mount Merapi volcanic eruption_
5. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [South China Sea disputes. Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [United Nations Ocean Conference. At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
