### [2010-11-7](/news/2010/11/7/index.md)

# Israel police  fire tear gas and rubber bullets at residents trying to halt demolition of an illegal mosque in the southern Bedouin city of Rahat. 

Action in Arab town in Negev, following a court order, prompts protest call by Muslim residents.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gFL6_2ffvhV7XeURFHbRgDwiiQag?docId=CNG.df5184b80f2116712fe150cbda10874b.9a1)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/11/201011716263863880.html)

### Related:

1. [Operation Pillar of Defense:An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-pan-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlies.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
2. [A mosque in the Israeli village of Tuba-Zangaria is torched. ](/news/2011/10/3/a-mosque-in-the-israeli-village-of-tuba-zangaria-is-torched.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
3. [Around 300 Bedouins living in "illegal settlements" in Israel's Negev desert have been made homeless after police raided their village and razed their homes. They are to be resettled in Rahat. ](/news/2010/07/28/around-300-bedouins-living-in-illegal-settlements-in-israel-s-negev-desert-have-been-made-homeless-after-police-raided-their-village-and-r.md) _Context: Israel, Rahat_
4. [ An Israeli airstrike on the mosque in the Gaza Strip village of Beit Lahia kills at least 13 people. ](/news/2009/01/3/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-mosque-in-the-gaza-strip-village-of-beit-lahia-kills-at-least-13-people.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
5. [ Two women have been killed as Israeli troops opened fire on a crowd of women gathered to help besieged gunmen flee a mosque in Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza. ](/news/2006/11/4/two-women-have-been-killed-as-israeli-troops-opened-fire-on-a-crowd-of-women-gathered-to-help-besieged-gunmen-flee-a-mosque-in-beit-hanoun.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel arrests Hamas leader Sheikh Hassan Yousef on his return home after he illegally makes his way from Ramallah to the Al-Aqsa Mosque to deliver a sermon. ](/news/2005/04/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-arrests-hamas-leader-sheikh-hassan-yousef-on-his-return-home-after-he-illegally-makes-his-way-from-ra.md) _Context: Israel, mosque_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
