### [2010-05-22](/news/2010/05/22/index.md)

# Afghan police seize a cache of hundreds of rockets hidden on the outskirts of Kabul. 

Afghan police say they have seized a cache of hundreds of rockets hidden on the outskirts of the capital Kabul.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/10142102.stm)

### Related:

1. [A suicide bombing occurs at a checkpoint near the Kabul International Cricket Stadium in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing at least three people and injuring five. ](/news/2017/09/13/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-at-a-checkpoint-near-the-kabul-international-cricket-stadium-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-at-least-three-people-a.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
2. [A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-several-people.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
3. [Gunfire is heard in the Afghan capital Kabul with security forces looking for attackers with at least one person killed and six injured. ](/news/2016/09/6/gunfire-is-heard-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-with-security-forces-looking-for-attackers-with-at-least-one-person-killed-and-six-injured.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
4. [Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj announces Indian charity worker Judith D'Souza (Aga Khan Foundation), who was kidnapped in Kabul, Afghanistan, on June 9, 2016, is free. ](/news/2016/07/23/indian-external-affairs-minister-sushma-swaraj-announces-indian-charity-worker-judith-d-souza-aga-khan-foundation-who-was-kidnapped-in-ka.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
5. [Afghan officials report at least 80 people are killed and more than 230 injured as twin suicide blasts hit a large demonstration of the Shiite Hazara community over a power route line at Dehmazang Circle, Kabul, Afghanistan. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/23/afghan-officials-report-at-least-80-people-are-killed-and-more-than-230-injured-as-twin-suicide-blasts-hit-a-large-demonstration-of-the-shii.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
6. [The Afghan capital Kabul is locked down as members of the Hazara community protest the proposed route of a power line. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-afghan-capital-kabul-is-locked-down-as-members-of-the-hazara-community-protest-the-proposed-route-of-a-power-line.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
7. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
8. [A suicide bomber in Kabul, Afghanistan, targets Tolo News, killing four and wounding 20. ](/news/2016/01/20/a-suicide-bomber-in-kabul-afghanistan-targets-tolo-news-killing-four-and-wounding-20.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
9. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
10. [An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158-mi.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul_
