### [2010-05-22](/news/2010/05/22/index.md)

# More than 74,000 South African football fans attend the first match at Soccer City--venue for the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final--less than three weeks before the tournament begins. 

More than 74,000 South African football fans attend the first match at Soccer City - venue for the World Cup final.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10142089.stm)

### Related:

1. [Police apologize to American hotel heiress Paris Hilton after she was cleared of drug charges made against her while she was watching a 2010 FIFA World Cup match in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. ](/news/2010/07/3/police-apologize-to-american-hotel-heiress-paris-hilton-after-she-was-cleared-of-drug-charges-made-against-her-while-she-was-watching-a-2010.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
2. [American hotel heiress Paris Hilton is arrested in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, for allegedly smoking marijuana during the 2010 FIFA World Cup match between Brazil and the Netherlands. ](/news/2010/07/2/american-hotel-heiress-paris-hilton-is-arrested-in-port-elizabeth-south-africa-for-allegedly-smoking-marijuana-during-the-2010-fifa-world.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
3. [Spain's victorious 2010 FIFA World Cup "campeones" return to Madrid where they are met by millions of people in the streets, the royal family and politicians. ](/news/2010/07/12/spain-s-victorious-2010-fifa-world-cup-campeones-return-to-madrid-where-they-are-met-by-millions-of-people-in-the-streets-the-royal-famil.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, 2010 FIFA World Cup Final_
4. [Spain defeats the Netherlands by a score of one goal to nil in extra time of the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final to win the 2010 FIFA World Cup, with Andrs Iniesta scoring the winning goal. ](/news/2010/07/11/spain-defeats-the-netherlands-by-a-score-of-one-goal-to-nil-in-extra-time-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-final-to-win-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-w.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, 2010 FIFA World Cup Final_
5. [Nelson Mandela's grandson says his grandfather plans to attend the 2010 FIFA World Cup opening ceremony in South Africa this week. ](/news/2010/06/9/nelson-mandela-s-grandson-says-his-grandfather-plans-to-attend-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-opening-ceremony-in-south-africa-this-week.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
6. [Goodluck Jonathan suspends the Nigeria national football team from international competition for two years due to poor performances in the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/30/goodluck-jonathan-suspends-the-nigeria-national-football-team-from-international-competition-for-two-years-due-to-poor-performances-in-the-2.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
7. [The managing director of the French Football Federation, Jean-Louis Valentin, quits after the France national football team participates in a public row with him and then a boycott during the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/20/the-managing-director-of-the-french-football-federation-jean-louis-valentin-quits-after-the-france-national-football-team-participates-in.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
8. [Brazil and Zimbabwe play a football game in front of a sell-out crowd in Harare ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, the first time since independence that a non-African team has performed in the country. President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai both attend and civil servants are given time off work. ](/news/2010/06/2/brazil-and-zimbabwe-play-a-football-game-in-front-of-a-sell-out-crowd-in-harare-ahead-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-in-south-africa-the-first.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
9. [FIFA receives a complaint about its security after a football fan breaks into the dressing room of the England national football team during a 2010 FIFA World Cup game in which the team were booed in South Africa. ](/news/2010/06/18/fifa-receives-a-complaint-about-its-security-after-a-football-fan-breaks-into-the-dressing-room-of-the-england-national-football-team-during.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
10. [Two Dutch women appear in a South African court over an alleged "ambush marketing" stunt after more than 30 people were ejected from the Johannesburg stadium on Monday during the match between Denmark and the Netherlands in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-dutch-women-appear-in-a-south-african-court-over-an-alleged-ambush-marketing-stunt-after-more-than-30-people-were-ejected-from-the-joh.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, South Africa_
