### [2003-10-18](/news/2003/10/18/index.md)

#  Leaders of Pacific-rim nations gather in Bangkok ahead of the 11th Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) conference. President George W. Bush arrives in Thailand ahead of an APEC summit of 21 Asia-Pacific government leaders which is likely to be dominated by discussions of the War on Terrorism and trade friction between rich and poor nations (trade and currency).




### Related:

1. [Flooding in Thailand reaches the residence of the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Bangkok, forcing her to withdraw from the Hawaii APEC summit to deal with the crisis. ](/news/2011/11/8/flooding-in-thailand-reaches-the-residence-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bangkok-forcing-her-to-withdraw-from-the-hawaii-ape.md) _Context: APEC, Bangkok, Thai_
2. [ War on Terrorism: APEC: Indonesia and Malaysia have submitted lists of 20 suspected terrorists with links to two militant groups, asking for Thailand to help monitor their movements on the southern border.](/news/2003/09/10/war-on-terrorism-apec-indonesia-and-malaysia-have-submitted-lists-of-20-suspected-terrorists-with-links-to-two-militant-groups-asking-fo.md) _Context: APEC, Thai, War on Terrorism_
3. [A Thai military court commences the trial of two Uighurs from the People's Republic of China with the bombing of a popular shrine in Bangkok that killed 20 people. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-thai-military-court-commences-the-trial-of-two-uighurs-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-with-the-bombing-of-a-popular-shrine-in-bangkok.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
4. [More than 60 people are hospitalized after an engine explodes on a crowded Bangkok, Thailand, commuter boat. Police suspect a liquefied natural gas leak caused the blast. The boat operator has been ordered to use diesel fuel only on its 25-boat fleet. ](/news/2016/03/5/more-than-60-people-are-hospitalized-after-an-engine-explodes-on-a-crowded-bangkok-thailand-commuter-boat-police-suspect-a-liquefied-natu.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
5. [Siam Commercial Bank reports eight people were killed and seven others injured in the basement of its Bangkok, Thailand, headquarters during an upgrade of the building's fire safety system Sunday evening. It appears that workers mistakenly activated a system that released pyrogen, a chemical that deprives a fire of oxygen. ](/news/2016/03/14/siam-commercial-bank-reports-eight-people-were-killed-and-seven-others-injured-in-the-basement-of-its-bangkok-thailand-headquarters-during.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
6. [A bolide or meteor fireball explodes over the Thai city of Bangkok. ](/news/2015/09/7/a-bolide-or-meteor-fireball-explodes-over-the-thai-city-of-bangkok.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
7. [Thai police seek a 10th suspect in deadly Bangkok bombing. ](/news/2015/09/5/thai-police-seek-a-10th-suspect-in-deadly-bangkok-bombing.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
8. [Another suspect in the bombing is arrested in Narathiwat Province in southern Thailand and flown to Bangkok. ](/news/2015/09/3/another-suspect-in-the-bombing-is-arrested-in-narathiwat-province-in-southern-thailand-and-flown-to-bangkok.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
9. [A bomb explodes near the Erawan Shrine in Bangkok, Thailand, killing at least 19 people and injuring 123 others. No one claims responsibility. Thai Society president Songvut Manoonpong says that parties opposing the Thai military government are responsible. ](/news/2015/08/17/a-bomb-explodes-near-the-erawan-shrine-in-bangkok-thailand-killing-at-least-19-people-and-injuring-123-others-no-one-claims-responsibilit.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
10. [In Thailand, there are thousands of protesters in Bangkok. The opposition Democrat Party resigns en masse. ](/news/2013/12/10/in-thailand-there-are-thousands-of-protesters-in-bangkok-the-opposition-democrat-party-resigns-en-masse.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thai_
