### [2003-10-18](/news/2003/10/18/index.md)

#  New audio tapes, allegedly from Osama bin Laden, air on the Al Jazeera network.




### Related:

1. [ Al Jazeera television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2007/11/29/al-jazeera-television-releases-an-audio-tape-featuring-a-message-believed-to-have-been-recorded-by-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden_
2. [ Al-Jazeera broadcasts an audiotape purporting to be from Osama bin Laden calling on Al-Qaeda in Iraq and other Sunni militants to unite forces. ](/news/2007/10/22/al-jazeera-broadcasts-an-audiotape-purporting-to-be-from-osama-bin-laden-calling-on-al-qaeda-in-iraq-and-other-sunni-militants-to-unite-for.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden_
3. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden_
4. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden_
5. [ An audio tape attributed to Osama bin Laden is released by al Jazeera television. It recounts the battle of Tora Bora and urges Muslims to fight the United States and to overthrow the Iraq regime of Saddam Hussein.](/news/2003/02/12/an-audio-tape-attributed-to-osama-bin-laden-is-released-by-al-jazeera-television-it-recounts-the-battle-of-tora-bora-and-urges-muslims-to.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Osama bin Laden_
6. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
7. [A producer of Al Jazeera is arrested in Egypt. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-producer-of-al-jazeera-is-arrested-in-egypt.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
8. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden_
9. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
10. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
