### [2016-08-26](/news/2016/08/26/index.md)

# Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present). Eight Turkish police officers are killed and 40 are injured in a bombing at a police checkpoint in the town of Cizre, with the PKK believed to be responsible. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/08/26/asia/turkey-blast/index.html?adkey=bn)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present) / 2016-17 Turkish purges. Turkish police arrest over 800 people with alleged links to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). ](/news/2017/02/14/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-2016-17-turkish-purges-turkish-police-arrest-over-800-people-with-alleged-links-to-the-outl.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present), Kurdistan Workers' Party_
2. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present). Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present), Kurdistan Workers' Party_
3. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present). The Turkish military kills 35 Kurdistan Workers' Party militants after they attempt to capture a base in Turkey's Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/07/30/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-the-turkish-military-kills-35-kurdistan-workers-party-militants-after-they-attempt-to-capture.md) _Context: Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present), Kurdistan Workers' Party_
4. [PKK rebellion (2015-present). Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/4/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-at-least-14-others-including-several-civilians-are-injured-by-a-c.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
5. [Turkey-PKK conflict. PKK rebellion (2015-present). Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkey-pkk-conflict-pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
6. [2015 PKK rebellion. Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/2015-pkk-rebellion-fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-major.md) _Context: Cizre, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
7. [Turkey-PKK conflict. The Turkish army says 69 Kurdish insurgents and two Turkish soldiers were killed in four days of fighting in Cizre and Silopi, near the Syrian and Iraqi borders, in southeast Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/19/turkey-pkk-conflict-the-turkish-army-says-69-kurdish-insurgents-and-two-turkish-soldiers-were-killed-in-four-days-of-fighting-in-cizre-an.md) _Context: Cizre, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
8. [2015 PKK rebellion. Turkish security forces kill 23 suspected members of the Kurdistan Workers' Party in operations in the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi. ](/news/2015/12/17/2015-pkk-rebellion-turkish-security-forces-kill-23-suspected-members-of-the-kurdistan-workers-party-in-operations-in-the-kurdish-majority.md) _Context: Cizre, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
9. [Turkey-PKK conflict. A PKK car bombing on a checkpoint kills two Turkish police officers and injures five others in south-eastern Turkey. Also, Turkish security forces impose a curfew in the region's largest city, Diyarbakir. ](/news/2015/09/13/turkey-pkk-conflict-a-pkk-car-bombing-on-a-checkpoint-kills-two-turkish-police-officers-and-injures-five-others-in-south-eastern-turkey.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
10. [Two members of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party die in a battle with Turkish police in the city of Diyarbakir. ](/news/2011/12/31/two-members-of-the-outlawed-kurdistan-workers-party-die-in-a-battle-with-turkish-police-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
