### [2016-08-26](/news/2016/08/26/index.md)

# Syrian civil war. Following a ceasefire agreement with the government, Syrian rebels begin evacuating the war-torn suburb of Darayya, near Damascus, ending a four-year-long siege by government forces. Under the terms of surrender, the 8,000 civilians who reside in the suburb will be moved to regime-controlled areas while several hundred rebel fighters will be given passage to the Idlib Governorate. 

For four long years the Damascus suburb of Daraya endured siege, bombardment and starvation at the hands of the Syrian regime.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/26/daraya-surrenders-to-assad-regime-after-four-years-of-siege-and/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:. Reports claim that elite Syrian military forces shell the town of Darayya just southwest of Damascus. ](/news/2013/01/27/syrian-civil-war-reports-claim-that-elite-syrian-military-forces-shell-the-town-of-darayya-just-southwest-of-damascus.md) _Context: Damascus, Darayya, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/syrian-civil-war-three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Damascus's governor says the last group of rebels and civilians have left the city's besieged Barzeh district. ](/news/2017/05/29/syrian-civil-war-damascus-s-governor-says-the-last-group-of-rebels-and-civilians-have-left-the-city-s-besieged-barzeh-district.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/syrian-civil-war-a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-id.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/syrian-civil-war-around-1-500-2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-g.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/syrian-civil-war-according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Twin bombings kill at least 40 people, mostly Shia Iraqi pilgrims, and wound over 100 in the Bab al-Saghir area of Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/11/syrian-civil-war-twin-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-mostly-shia-iraqi-pilgrims-and-wound-over-100-in-the-bab-al-saghir-area-of-damascu.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/syrian-civil-war-a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
