### [2016-08-26](/news/2016/08/26/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. 

A biologically rich national marine monument grows to more than half a million square miles.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/obama-to-create-the-largest-protected-place-on-the-planet-off-hawaii/2016/08/25/54ecb632-6aec-11e6-99bf-f0cf3a6449a6_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Boston Marathon bombings:U.S. President Barack Obama visits the city of Boston in the wake of the recent marathon bombings. ](/news/2013/04/18/boston-marathon-bombings-pu-s-president-barack-obama-visits-the-city-of-boston-in-the-wake-of-the-recent-marathon-bombings.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
2. [Father Emil Kapaun is awarded a Medal of Honor posthumously by U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/11/father-emil-kapaun-is-awarded-a-medal-of-honor-posthumously-by-u-s-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
3. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
4. [ U.S. President-elect Barack Obama announces that he will create a new "economic recovery board," headed by Paul Volcker, designed to provide "fresh perspective" on the current economic issues ](/news/2008/11/26/u-s-president-elect-barack-obama-announces-that-he-will-create-a-new-economic-recovery-board-headed-by-paul-volcker-designed-to-provid.md) _Context: Obama, U.S._
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama_
6. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Obama_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Obama_
9. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Obama_
