### [2002-09-11](/news/2002/09/11/index.md)

# Ramzi bin al-Shibh, a key al Qaeda member who supposedly helped to plan the September 11 attacks was captured in Pakistan




### Related:

1. [Pakistan arrests 97 people allegedly involved in terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Jhangvi who were allegedly plotting a variety of attacks including a plan to get Daniel Pearl's killer out of prison. ](/news/2016/02/12/pakistan-arrests-97-people-allegedly-involved-in-terrorist-groups-such-as-al-qaeda-and-lashkar-e-jhangvi-who-were-allegedly-plotting-a-varie.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
2. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
3. [A U.S. drone strike kills eight Uzbek people claimed to be linked with al-Qaeda in Pakistan. ](/news/2015/01/4/a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-eight-uzbek-people-claimed-to-be-linked-with-al-qaeda-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
4. [The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. ](/news/2014/12/9/the-democrat-controlled-united-states-senate-select-committee-on-intelligence-releases-a-report-critical-of-the-post-september-11-bush-admin.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, al-Qaeda_
5. [A US drone attack kills at least 15 suspected militants in Pakistan's North Waziristan region. High ranked al-Qaeda official Abu Yahya al-Libi is killed in the attack. ](/news/2012/06/4/a-us-drone-attack-kills-at-least-15-suspected-militants-in-pakistan-s-north-waziristan-region-high-ranked-al-qaeda-official-abu-yahya-al-li.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
6. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder-and-leader-of-the-militant.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
8. [Newly released cables document an alleged al-Qaeda "assassin" working for the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) while suspected of bombing Christian churches and a hotel in Pakistan. ](/news/2011/04/26/newly-released-cables-document-an-alleged-al-qaeda-assassin-working-for-the-british-secret-intelligence-service-mi6-while-suspected-of-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
9. [ A United States Predator drone launches a missile strike on a Pakistani madrassa killing six people reportedly including al-Qaeda member Abu Khabab al-Masri.](/news/2008/07/28/a-united-states-predator-drone-launches-a-missile-strike-on-a-pakistani-madrassa-killing-six-people-reportedly-including-al-qaeda-member-ab.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
10. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
