### [2002-09-11](/news/2002/09/11/index.md)

#  The first anniversary of the September 11, 2001, attacks is marked by many services and memorials.




### Related:

1. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
3. [ The Senate of the United States approves legislation overhauling the rules for eavesdropping and offering immunity to telecom companies who may have violated wiretapping and privacy laws after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/07/9/the-senate-of-the-united-states-approves-legislation-overhauling-the-rules-for-eavesdropping-and-offering-immunity-to-telecom-companies-who.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
4. [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others are arraigned at Guantanamo Bay detention camp under the Military Commissions Act of 2006, and charged with crimes related to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/06/5/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-and-four-others-are-arraigned-at-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-under-the-military-commissions-act-of-2006-and-charg.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [ The United States Department of Defense drops charges against Mohammed al Qahtani, who was suspected of being the "20th hijacker" in the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/05/13/the-united-states-department-of-defense-drops-charges-against-mohammed-al-qahtani-who-was-suspected-of-being-the-20th-hijacker-in-the-se.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
6. [ The United States files charges against six alleged al-Qaeda operatives including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in connection with the September 11, 2001 attacks, seeking the death penalty for war crimes and murder. ](/news/2008/02/11/the-united-states-files-charges-against-six-alleged-al-qaeda-operatives-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-in-connection-with-the-september-1.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
7. [ An Islamist website claims it will soon carry a new video of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to mark the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities. ](/news/2007/09/6/an-islamist-website-claims-it-will-soon-carry-a-new-video-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-to-mark-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-september.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
8. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks at Columbia University stating that Americans should look into "who was truly involved" in the September 11, 2001 attacks, defending his right to denial of the Holocaust, and denying the existence of gay Iranians. ](/news/2007/09/24/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-speaks-at-columbia-university-stating-that-americans-should-look-into-who-was-truly-involved-in.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
9. [ Iran:. The New York Police Department denies a request by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Ground Zero of the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City. ](/news/2007/09/20/iran-the-new-york-police-department-denies-a-request-by-the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-to-visit-ground-zero-of-the-september-1.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ September 11, 2001 attacks commemoration. The United States commemorates the sixth anniversary of the attacks with ceremonies in New York City, Washington, DC and Shanksville, PA. ](/news/2007/09/11/september-11-2001-attacks-commemoration-the-united-states-commemorates-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-attacks-with-ceremonies-in-new-york-c.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
