### [2008-10-24](/news/2008/10/24/index.md)

#  The government of Djibouti has said that the country will have to go to war with Eritrea unless the United Nations acts to resolve growing tension over a border dispute. 




### Source:

1. [ (BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7687503.stm)

### Related:

1. [Djiboutian foreign minister Mahamoud Ali Youssouf accuses Eritrea of occupying the disputed Doumeira Islands and Ras Doumeira peninsula after Qatari peacekeepers withdrew from the area. ](/news/2017/06/16/djiboutian-foreign-minister-mahamoud-ali-youssouf-accuses-eritrea-of-occupying-the-disputed-doumeira-islands-and-ras-doumeira-peninsula-afte.md) _Context: Djibouti, Eritrea_
2. [A United Nations commission of inquiry says that Eritrea should be referred to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity committed in the country, including the enslavement of between 300,000 and 400,000 people through military conscription. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-united-nations-commission-of-inquiry-says-that-eritrea-should-be-referred-to-the-international-criminal-court-for-alleged-crimes-against-h.md) _Context: Eritrea, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations accuses Eritrea of attempting to bomb an African Union summit in Ethiopia. ](/news/2011/07/28/the-united-nations-accuses-eritrea-of-attempting-to-bomb-an-african-union-summit-in-ethiopia.md) _Context: Eritrea, United Nations_
4. [ The United Nations imposes sanctions of a ban on arms importation and frozen bank accounts on Eritrea for supporting Somali rebels. ](/news/2009/12/23/the-united-nations-imposes-sanctions-of-a-ban-on-arms-importation-and-frozen-bank-accounts-on-eritrea-for-supporting-somali-rebels.md) _Context: Eritrea, United Nations_
5. [ A six-nation east African regional bloc consisting of Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan and Uganda urges global sanctions on Eritrea for backing Islamist rebels in neighbouring war-torn Somalia. ](/news/2009/09/19/a-six-nation-east-african-regional-bloc-consisting-of-djibouti-ethiopia-kenya-somalia-sudan-and-uganda-urges-global-sanctions-on-eritre.md) _Context: Djibouti, Eritrea_
6. [ The French Defense Ministry announces France is increasing its military presence in Djibouti following border clashes with Eritrea. France has a mutual defense agreement with Djibouti. ](/news/2008/06/14/the-french-defense-ministry-announces-france-is-increasing-its-military-presence-in-djibouti-following-border-clashes-with-eritrea-france.md) _Context: Djibouti, Eritrea_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
