### [2008-08-19](/news/2008/08/19/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia war:: Russian and Georgian forces exchange prisoners of war. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/LJ326260.htm (Reuters)]: Russia begins to withdraw troops from Georgia proper according to eyewitness accounts. [http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idINIndia-35081820080819 (Reuters)]: Russia temporarily closes its borders with Georgia and Azerbaijan to prevent terrorist groups from crossing into Russia. [http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/world/article.php?id=18196858 (Delfi)] [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/LJ292582.htm (Reuters)]: A United Nations aid convoy which entered Gori on Sunday reports evidence of large-scale looting. "While the buildings did not appear to be very damaged, there are clear signs of massive looting of both shops and private accommodations," the office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees says. [http://www.canada.com/vancouversun/news/story.html?id=27b09bd1-80b6-4921-9970-582b8dc82928 ("The Vancouver Sun")]: Alexander Stubb, the current Chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe says that Russia has agreed to a beefed-up monitoring mission for Georgia's disputed region of South Ossetia. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5ie8DYGY9dpRmi_L5SrB1S9G1h3CAD92L9K5O0 (AP via Google News)]: NATO cools relations with Russia. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7570394.stm (BBC News)] [http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/world/article.php?id=18204083 (Delfi)] NATO says Russia is not honoring cease-fire terms.




### Related:

1. [ NATO and Russia agree to restore military ties after a 10 month period following the 2008 war in Georgia. ](/news/2009/06/27/nato-and-russia-agree-to-restore-military-ties-after-a-10-month-period-following-the-2008-war-in-georgia.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, NATO, Russia_
2. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons: The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: NATO, United Nations_
3. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
5. [Estonia-United Kingdom relations: Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/estonia-united-kingdom-relations-eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in Syria: Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
7. [Operation Atlantic Resolve: 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
9. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
10. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
