### [2016-07-27](/news/2016/07/27/index.md)

# British Chancellor Philip Hammond reports that the British economy grew in the last quarter immediately before Brexit, though economists warn that the economy is probably shrinking. 

Britain’s economy has posted its 14th consecutive quarter of growth, but some economists fear turbulence ahead


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2016/jul/27/uk-gdp-economy-growth-brexit-referendum-pound-markets-live)

### Related:

1. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Philip Hammond_
2. [Brexit negotiations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Brexit negotiations begin in Brussels. ](/news/2017/06/19/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-brexit-negotiations-begin-in-brussels.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-wit.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
5. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
6. [Brexit. The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/brexit-the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atom.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
7. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
8. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-fr.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
9. [R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move. ](/news/2017/01/24/r-miller-v-secretary-of-state-for-exiting-the-european-union-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-uni.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
10. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. British Prime Minister Theresa May says the House of Commons must accept Brexit. ](/news/2016/11/6/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-house-of-commons-mus.md) _Context: the UK leaves the EU_
