### [2016-07-27](/news/2016/07/27/index.md)

# China claims to have discovered the largest undersea hole dubbed "The Dragon's Hole" in the disputed Paracel Islands. 




### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/worlds-giant-hole-in-south-china-sea-2016-7)

### Related:

1. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea:China says it will open disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to tourism before the May Day holiday, a move to which Vietnam is strongly opposed, as the United States expresses concern. ](/news/2013/04/7/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-pchina-says-it-will-open-disputed-paracel-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-to-tourism-before-the-m.md) _Context: China, Paracel Islands_
2. [A representative from the Vietnamese Foreign Ministry's National Boundary Commission hands over a diplomatic note to a representative of the Chinese Embassy in Hanoi to protest China's recent plan to bring tourists to the disputed Paracel archipelago. ](/news/2013/04/12/a-representative-from-the-vietnamese-foreign-ministryas-national-boundary-commission-hands-over-a-diplomatic-note-to-a-representative-of-t.md) _Context: China, Paracel Islands_
3. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
6. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China_
8. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: China_
9. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: China_
10. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: China_
