### [2016-07-27](/news/2016/07/27/index.md)

# Prime Minister Najib Razak gets emergency powers amid a widening scandal about corruption. 

Laws will allow forces to conduct searches without a warrant and dispenses with need for inquests into killings by police


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/27/malaysia-pm-najib-razak-gets-new-powers-amid-protests-over-1mdb-fund-scandal)

### Related:

1. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Najib Razak_
2. [There is a second day of rallies in Malaysia calling on Prime Minister Najib Razak to resign over the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. ](/news/2015/08/30/there-is-a-second-day-of-rallies-in-malaysia-calling-on-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-resign-over-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Najib Razak_
3. [Tens of thousands of Malaysians rally in the capital Kuala Lumpur calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down over a financial scandal where a MYR 2.672 billion (USD 700 million) payment was made to his bank account from unnamed foreign donors. ](/news/2015/08/29/tens-of-thousands-of-malaysians-rally-in-the-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-over-a-financial-scand.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Najib Razak_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
5. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
6. [Protesters in Malaysia attempt to shut down the ''Malaysiakini'' newspaper which has been at the center of opposition towards Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/11/7/protesters-in-malaysia-attempt-to-shut-down-the-malaysiakini-newspaper-which-has-been-at-the-center-of-opposition-towards-malaysian-prim.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
7. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
8. [Elections in Malaysia are to occur in 2017 as efforts to challenge the legitimacy of Najib Razak mount. ](/news/2016/09/9/elections-in-malaysia-are-to-occur-in-2017-as-efforts-to-challenge-the-legitimacy-of-najib-razak-mount.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
9. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
10. [Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the  prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours,  and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-and-detention-of-two-australian-broad.md) _Context: Najib Razak_
