### [2016-07-27](/news/2016/07/27/index.md)

# Ramon Magsaysay Award: The six Ramon Magsaysay Awardees for 2016 are: Indian Dalit activist Bezwada Wilson, Ombudsman of the Philippines Conchita Carpio-Morales, Indian Carnatic musician T.M. Krishna, Indonesian charity organization Dompet Dhuafa, Lao humanitarian group Vientiane Rescue, and the Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers. 

Bezwada Wilson, who was born to a dalit family in Karnataka, has been lauded for his efforts towards &quot;asserting the inalienable right to a life of human dignity.&quot; The Chennai-born Carnatic musician TM Krishna has been awarded for &quot;ensuring social inclusiveness in culture.&quot;


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2016/07/27/indonesias-dompet-dhuafa-among-2016-ramon-magsaysay-awardees.html)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Bezwada-Wilson-TM-Krishna-win-Ramon-Magsaysay-Award-for-2016/articleshow/53409879.cms)

### Related:

1. [After Sri Lanka, Liang Guanglie leaves India for Laos. It has been the first visit to India of a Chinese Minister of Defence in eight years. ](/news/2012/09/6/after-sri-lanka-liang-guanglie-leaves-india-for-laos-it-has-been-the-first-visit-to-india-of-a-chinese-minister-of-defence-in-eight-years.md) _Context: India, Laos_
2. [ September 2007 Sumatra earthquakes: A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/september-2007-sumatra-earthquakes-a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indon.md) _Context: India, Indonesia_
3. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (- 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: India, Indonesia_
4. [2017 Khatauli train derailment: A train derails near Khatauli, Uttar Pradesh, India, resulting in at least 23 deaths and 156 injuries. ](/news/2017/08/19/2017-khatauli-train-derailment-a-train-derails-near-khatauli-uttar-pradesh-india-resulting-in-at-least-23-deaths-and-156-injuries.md) _Context: India_
5. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods: Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: India_
6. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Earthquakes in 2017: A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: India_
9. [Cambodia-Laos relations: According to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, 30 Laotian soldiers cross the border into Steung Treng Province despite repeated requests for them to leave. Hun Sen gives Laos a six-day ultimatum to withdraw the soldiers or face a military response. ](/news/2017/08/11/cambodia-laos-relations-according-to-cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-30-laotian-soldiers-cross-the-border-into-steung-treng-province-de.md) _Context: Laos_
10. [2017 Doklam crisis: Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: India_
