### [2016-07-27](/news/2016/07/27/index.md)

# The regional Parliament of Catalonia defies the Constitutional Court of Spain by holding an informal and unilateral vote for secession.

In defiance of Spain’s constitutional court separatists held controversial vote approving unilateral disconnection plan


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/27/catalonia-independence-spain-democratic-mandate)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/1e288445391bde3a51c835397dcfc0bd79c54221/0_22_3444_2067/3444.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=71ee652d5078134bd67e7290511c6322)

### Related:

1. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain, Parliament of Catalonia_
2. [The government of Catalonia holds a public referendum on whether their region should gain independence from Spain, despite the Spanish courts and government declaring the vote illegal and deploying police to deter voters. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." ](/news/2017/10/1/the-government-of-catalonia-holds-a-public-referendum-on-whether-their-region-should-gain-independence-from-spain-despite-the-spanish-court.md) _Context: independence from Spain_
3. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: independence from Spain_
4. [Around a million people rally in Barcelona to mark the National Day of Catalonia and to support the upcoming independence referendum on 1 October. ](/news/2017/09/11/around-a-million-people-rally-in-barcelona-to-mark-the-national-day-of-catalonia-and-to-support-the-upcoming-independence-referendum-on-1-oc.md) _Context: independence from Spain_
5. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: independence from Spain_
6. [The newly appointed President of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, vows to continue his predecessor Artur Mas i Gavarro's plans to secede from Spain within 18 months. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-newly-appointed-president-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-vows-to-continue-his-predecessor-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-s-plans-to-secede-from.md) _Context: independence from Spain_
7. [The Constitutional Court of Spain agrees to hear an appeal by the national government against a bid for independence by Catalonia suspending legal bids for secession. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-constitutional-court-of-spain-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-by-the-national-government-against-a-bid-for-independence-by-catalonia-suspending.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain_
8. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain_
9. [The President of the Generalitat of Catalonia, Artur Mas i Gavarro, drops plans for a referendum on independence on November 9 from Spain following opposition from the Constitutional Court of Spain. ](/news/2014/10/14/the-president-of-the-generalitat-of-catalonia-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-drops-plans-for-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-from-spain-f.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Spain_
10. [The Parliament of Catalonia votes in favor of a resolution to hold a referendum on self-determination. ](/news/2012/09/27/the-parliament-of-catalonia-votes-in-favor-of-a-resolution-to-hold-a-referendum-on-self-determination.md) _Context: Parliament of Catalonia_
