### [2016-07-27](/news/2016/07/27/index.md)

# The six Ramon Magsaysay Awardees for 2016 are: Indian Dalit activist Bezwada Wilson, Ombudsman of the Philippines Conchita Carpio-Morales, Indian Carnatic musician T.M. Krishna, Indonesian charity organization Dompet Dhuafa, Lao humanitarian group Vientiane Rescue, and the Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers. 

Bezwada Wilson, who was born to a dalit family in Karnataka, has been lauded for his efforts towards &quot;asserting the inalienable right to a life of human dignity.&quot; The Chennai-born Carnatic musician TM Krishna has been awarded for &quot;ensuring social inclusiveness in culture.&quot;


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2016/07/27/indonesias-dompet-dhuafa-among-2016-ramon-magsaysay-awardees.html)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Bezwada-Wilson-TM-Krishna-win-Ramon-Magsaysay-Award-for-2016/articleshow/53409879.cms)

### Related:

1. [After Sri Lanka, Liang Guanglie leaves India for Laos. It has been the first visit to India of a Chinese Minister of Defence in eight years. ](/news/2012/09/6/after-sri-lanka-liang-guanglie-leaves-india-for-laos-it-has-been-the-first-visit-to-india-of-a-chinese-minister-of-defence-in-eight-years.md) _Context: India, Laos_
2. [  A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indonesia-christmas-island-and-the-coco.md) _Context: India, Indonesia_
3. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: India, Indonesia_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
