### [2010-06-9](/news/2010/06/9/index.md)

# Middle East:. President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. 

Muslim Brotherhood MP Mohamed Beltagy, who was on Gaza-bound flotilla, recounts snatching of Navy soldiers. Egyptian newspapers not pleased with bragging, says it &#39;helps Israel&#39;


### Source:

1. [AP via the ''Daily Caller](http://dailycaller.com/2010/06/09/israeli-palestinian-officials-say-israel-eases-gaza-blockade-for-some-food-items-ml/)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/egypt-ends-its-closure-on-gaza-strip-opens-rafah-crossing-indefinitely-1.295008)
3. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/us/Obama-calls-situation-in-Gaza-unsustainable-asks-Israel-to-ease-restrictions/articleshow/6030166.cms)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/06/08/AR2010060805175.html)
5. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3902389,00.html)
6. [news.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/world/israel-set-to-probe-raid-on-gaza-bound-aid-flotilla/story-e6frfkyi-1225877385944)

### Related:

1. [Saint Patrick's Day. President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, Washington, D.C., White House, president_
2. [ U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the resumption of the Middle East peace process in meetings with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/09/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-for-the-resumption-of-the-middle-east-peace-process-in-meetings-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjami.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Mahmoud Abbas, Middle East, Palestinian Authority President, president_
3. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, United States, president_
4. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:. U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Middle East, United States, president_
6. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
7. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C., White House, president_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Washington, D.C., White House, president_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama presents a Medal of Honor, the highest United States military decoration to Staff Sgt Salvatore Giunta at the White House. ](/news/2010/11/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-presents-a-medal-of-honor-the-highest-united-states-military-decoration-to-staff-sgt-salvat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
10. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, United States_
