### [2010-06-9](/news/2010/06/9/index.md)

# President Nicolas Sarkozy defends his plans to sell up to four French warships to Russia, despite concerns raised by his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Saakashvili during talks taking place a few days before a visit to Paris of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. 




### Source:

1. [EU Observer](http://euobserver.com/9/30239)
2. [eu-russiacentre](http://www.eu-russiacentre.org/news/france-sticks-russian-warship-deal-concern.html)

### Related:

1. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's office accuses Georgian pop group Stefane & 3G's song "We Don't Wanna Put In" of hooliganism. ](/news/2009/02/19/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-office-accuses-georgian-pop-group-stefane-3g-s-song-we-don-t-wanna-put-in-of-hooliganism.md) _Context: Georgian, Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
2. [ Stefane & 3G will represent Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow with "We Don't Wanna Put In", a song allegedly against Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2009/02/18/stefane-3g-will-represent-georgia-at-the-eurovision-song-contest-2009-in-moscow-with-we-don-t-wanna-put-in-a-song-allegedly-against-ru.md) _Context: Georgian, Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russia-Spain relations. A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
4. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Russia_
5. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
6. [Voters in Russia go to the polls for a presidential election with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin claiming victory despite allegations of voter fraud. ](/news/2012/03/4/voters-in-russia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-claiming-victory-despite-allegations-of-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Vladimir Putin, the Prime Minister of Russia, bans export of flour and wheat from August 15 to December 31 due to the worst drought in Russian history. ](/news/2010/08/6/vladimir-putin-the-prime-minister-of-russia-bans-export-of-flour-and-wheat-from-august-15-to-december-31-due-to-the-worst-drought-in-russi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Thousands of Russians demonstrate across the country against the policies of the government of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/03/20/thousands-of-russians-demonstrate-across-the-country-against-the-policies-of-the-government-of-prime-minister-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
