### [2010-06-9](/news/2010/06/9/index.md)

# The results of the Philippine presidential election are certified and Noynoy Aquino and Jejomar Binay are proclaimed as President-elect and Vice President-elect at the Batasang Pambansa in a joint session of the Congress of the Philippines. 

MANILA, Philippines &ndash; After over a week of wrangling over &ldquo;null votes&rdquo; and other alleged irregularities in the conduct of the May 10 elections, the joint session of Congress on Wednesday finally convened to proclaim Benigno &quot;Noynoy&quot; Aquino III and Jejomar &quot;Jojo&quot; Binay as president-elect and vice-president-elect, respectively.


### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](http://www.abs-cbnnews.com/nation/06/09/10/congress-proclaims-aquino-binay-president-and-vice-president)
2. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100609-274746/Aquino-15th-President-of-the-Philippines)

### Related:

1. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [Noynoy Aquino is elected as President of the Philippines in the Philippines presidential election, taking 42% of the vote, about 16 percentage points more than second-place Joseph Estrada. ](/news/2010/06/8/noynoy-aquino-is-elected-as-president-of-the-philippines-in-the-philippines-presidential-election-taking-42-of-the-vote-about-16-percenta.md) _Context: Noynoy Aquino, Philippine presidential election, President of the Philippines_
3. [Inauguration of Noynoy Aquino:Benigno Aquino III is sworn in as the 15th President of the Philippines and Jejomar Binay is sworn the 15th Vice President of the Philippines.](/news/2010/06/30/inauguration-of-noynoy-aquino-pbenigno-aquino-iii-is-sworn-in-as-the-15th-president-of-the-philippines-and-jejomar-binay-is-sworn-the-15th-v.md) _Context: Jejomar Binay, President of the Philippines, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Vice President of the Philippines_
5. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Vice President of the Philippines_
6. [Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Vice President of the Philippines_
7. [The son of Corazon Aquino, Benigno Aquino III, appears set to win the presidency in the Philippine elections, which have been marred by deadly violence and malfunctioning voting machines.  ](/news/2010/05/11/the-son-of-corazon-aquino-benigno-aquino-iii-appears-set-to-win-the-presidency-in-the-philippine-elections-which-have-been-marred-by-dead.md) _Context: Noynoy Aquino, President of the Philippines_
8. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
