### [2003-12-15](/news/2003/12/15/index.md)

#  US Secretary of State Colin Powell successfully undergoes two hours of prostate cancer surgery at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, DC. [http://us.cnn.com/2003/US/12/15/powell.surgery/index.html]




### Related:

1. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell_
2. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
3. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
4. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
5. [Billionaire investor Warren Buffett admits he has prostate cancer. ](/news/2012/04/17/billionaire-investor-warren-buffett-admits-he-has-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
6. [Movember wraps up with over $50 million raised for prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/11/30/movember-wraps-up-with-over-50-million-raised-for-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
7. [It is impossible that Abdelbaset al-Megrahi could have pretended to have terminal prostate cancer, according to an oncologist who examined him. ](/news/2010/08/6/it-is-impossible-that-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-could-have-pretended-to-have-terminal-prostate-cancer-according-to-an-oncologist-who-examined-h.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
8. [The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is currently attempting to gauge the risk of the recently-discovered XMRV virus, linked to rare forms of prostate cancer and chronic fatigue syndrome, to the blood donation supply. ](/news/2010/04/5/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-currently-attempting-to-gauge-the-risk-of-the-recently-discovered-xmrv-virus-linked-to-ra.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
9. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves Provenge (sipuleucel-T), the first "vaccine" approved to treat cancer, for men with advanced prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/04/29/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-fda-approves-provenge-sipuleucel-t-the-first-vaccine-approved-to-treat-cancer-for-men-with-adv.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
10. [Dennis Hopper:The lawyer for Dennis Hopper admits for the first time that the actor is terminally ill and unable to undergo chemotherapy treatment for his prostate cancer. ](/news/2010/03/25/dennis-hopper-pthe-lawyer-for-dennis-hopper-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-actor-is-terminally-ill-and-unable-to-undergo-chemotherapy-tr.md) _Context: prostate cancer_
