### [2017-05-21](/news/2017/05/21/index.md)

# An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the ''KM Hiu Macan 001'', intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. 




### Source:

1. [The Star](http://www.thestar.com.my/news/regional/2017/05/24/vessels-clash-in-natuna-alleged-poaching-ships-escape-after-vietnamese-coast-guards-step-in/)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia, Natuna_
2. [Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were  involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam-the.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
3. [  Indonesia announces that it is planning to take China to court over the Natuna Islands. ](/news/2015/11/14/indonesia-announces-that-it-is-planning-to-take-china-to-court-over-the-natuna-islands.md) _Context: Indonesia, Natuna_
4. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
5. [Indonesia executes six people for drug trafficking including foreign citizens from Brazil, Malawi, the Netherlands, Nigeria, and Vietnam. Brazil and the Netherlands withdraw their ambassadors in protest. ](/news/2015/01/18/indonesia-executes-six-people-for-drug-trafficking-including-foreign-citizens-from-brazil-malawi-the-netherlands-nigeria-and-vietnam-br.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
6. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
7. [The Australian Federal Police charges six senior executives, all former employees of two companies owned by the Reserve Bank of Australia, Securency and Note Printing Australia, in relation to alleged bribery of officials in Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia. ](/news/2011/07/1/the-australian-federal-police-charges-six-senior-executives-all-former-employees-of-two-companies-owned-by-the-reserve-bank-of-australia-s.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
8. [The 22nd SEA Games open in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. This is the first time Vietnam has hosted the regional athletic event and the first time East Timor has sent a delegation. Indonesia and Vietnam are expected to top the medal tallies. ](/news/2003/12/5/the-22nd-sea-games-open-in-ho-chi-minh-city-vietnam-this-is-the-first-time-vietnam-has-hosted-the-regional-athletic-event-and-the-first-ti.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
9. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
