### [2017-05-21](/news/2017/05/21/index.md)

#  Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. 

Enes Kanter landed safely back in the United States on Sunday, one day after being detained in a Romanian airport and having his Turkish passport canceled.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/19431319/enes-kanter-oklahoma-city-thunder-back-united-states-news-conference-monday)
1. [Cover Image](http://a.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fmedia%2Fmotion%2F2017%2F0520%2Fdm_170520_NBA_Young_on_Kanter_in_London%2Fdm_170520_NBA_Young_on_Kanter_in_London.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: Bucharest, Enes Kanter, NBA, Turkish, Turkish passport_
2. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Enes Kanter, Fethullah Gulen, Oklahoma City Thunder_
3. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-military-coup-calls-for-closure-of.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
4. [A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influentia.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
5. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
6. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. The accused are alleged to be part of a scheme by which coaches accepted bribes to steer NBA-bound college players toward certain agents and financial advisers. Court documents also allege that an apparel company later identified as Adidas paid $100,000 to the family of an unnamed player to ensure his signing with an unnamed Division I school, which was later confirmed as the University of Louisville. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: NBA_
7. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [The Turkish interior ministry announces that 130 people, living outside the country and suspected of militant links, will lose their citizenship unless they return to Turkey within three months and meet government standards. Named suspects include U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and Peoples' Democratic Party leaders Faysal Sariyildiz, Tugba Hezer, and Ozdal Ucer. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-turkish-interior-ministry-announces-that-130-people-living-outside-the-country-and-suspected-of-militant-links-will-lose-their-citizen.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
9. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
