### [2014-01-29](/news/2014/01/29/index.md)

# Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-29/snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-for-nobel-peace-prize.html (Bloomberg)]. In the US Senate, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, calls for the return of NSA documents by "Snowden and his accomplices"; asked whether this includes journalists, Clapper's spokesperson says "Director Clapper was referring to anyone who is assisting Edward Snowden to further threaten our national security through the unauthorized disclosure of stolen documents related to lawful foreign intelligence collection programs." ([http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/29/james-clapper-condemns-snowden-senate-testimony "The Guardian"])




### Related:

1. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden. NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
2. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Mike Rogers accuses Edward Snowden of collaborating with Russia. ](/news/2014/01/20/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-mike-rogers-accuses-edward-snowden-of-collaborating-with-russia.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
3. [Human rights in China. Prominent Chinese dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo dies. ](/news/2017/07/13/human-rights-in-china-prominent-chinese-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-dies.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
4. [Human rights in China. The Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo is in "critical condition," according to Chinese doctors. ](/news/2017/07/10/human-rights-in-china-the-nobel-peace-prize-winner-liu-xiaobo-is-in-critical-condition-according-to-chinese-doctors.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
5. [Human rights in China. Chinese political activist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo is released from prison on medical parole after being diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. ](/news/2017/06/26/human-rights-in-china-chinese-political-activist-and-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-liu-xiaobo-is-released-from-prison-on-medical-parole-after.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
6. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. United States President-elect Donald Trump indicates that he will nominate former Indiana senator Dan Coats as Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2017/01/7/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-indicates-that-he-will-nominate-former-indiana-senator-d.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
8. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: Edward Snowden_
9. [James R. Clapper resigns as U.S. Director of National Intelligence. ](/news/2016/11/17/james-r-clapper-resigns-as-u-s-director-of-national-intelligence.md) _Context: Director of National Intelligence_
10. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize. The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-nobel-peace-prize-the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-effor.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
