### [2011-08-29](/news/2011/08/29/index.md)

# 2011 Libyan civil war:The National Transitional Council in Libya raises concerns about mass killing of political prisoners by the former government. 

As many as 50,000 political prisoners may still be trapped in underground jails in Libya, if they have not already been executed by elements of the crumbling Gaddafi regime. The National Transitional Council says it has already freed around 10,000 political prisoners but tens of thousands are still unaccounted for.


### Source:

1. [AM via ABC News Online](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2011-08-29/50000-political-prisoners-missing-in-libya/2860402?section=world)
2. [AP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110828-libya-evidence-mass-killings-found-tripoli-gaddafi?ns_campaign=nl_quot_en&amp;ns_mchannel=email_marketing&amp;ns_source=NLQ_20110829&amp;f24_member_id=&amp;ns_linkname=node_5237945&amp;ns_fee=0)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-14709896)
4. [Reuters](http://ca.reuters.com/article/topNews/idCATRE77A2Y920110829)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
2. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war:Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdeposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafias-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
5. [National Transitional Council forces in Libya began cutting off supply lines to Tripoli after a 48 hour operation capturing key towns around the capital and surrounding the city. ](/news/2011/08/16/national-transitional-council-forces-in-libya-began-cutting-off-supply-lines-to-tripoli-after-a-48-hour-operation-capturing-key-towns-around.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war:Turkey sets up a US$100 million fund to support the Libyan rebel National Transitional  Council. ](/news/2011/06/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-pturkey-sets-up-a-us-100-million-fund-to-support-the-libyan-rebel-national-transitional-council.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
7. [2011 Libyan civil war:Denmark officially recognizes the National Transitional Council of Libya as the "sole legitimate representative of the Libyan people" in the current transition period. ](/news/2011/06/22/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdenmark-officially-recognizes-the-national-transitional-council-of-libya-as-the-sole-legitimate-representative-of-th.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
8. [Mauritania extradites former Libyan intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi, who was arrested in the capital Nouakchott in March after fleeing Libya during the civil war in 2011. The United States insist on a fair trial for the suspect, a "milestone in (Libya's) democratic transition". ](/news/2012/09/5/mauritania-extradites-former-libyan-intelligence-chief-abdullah-senussi-who-was-arrested-in-the-capital-nouakchott-in-march-after-fleeing-l.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
9. [Rival militias cease fighting in the town of Zuwara in western Libya after the National Transitional Council claims a ceasefire. ](/news/2012/04/5/rival-militias-cease-fighting-in-the-town-of-zuwara-in-western-libya-after-the-national-transitional-council-claims-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
10. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
