### [2006-01-5](/news/2006/01/5/index.md)

#  Hewlett-Packard, a computer manufacturing giant, and a private equity firm, the Blackstone Group, may bid for Computer Sciences Corporation, according to anonymous sources cited by ''The Wall Street Journal''. 




### Source:

1. [thestreet.com](http://www.thestreet.com/tech/hardware/10260196.html)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
2. [The Armenian-American community responds with outrage after the ''The Wall Street Journal'' publishes an ad denying the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-armenian-american-community-responds-with-outrage-after-the-the-wall-street-journal-publishes-an-ad-denying-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
3. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told ''The Wall Street Journal'' that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
4. [Reuters reports, on the basis of unnamed sources "familiar with the matter," that Energy Transfer Equity, a private equity concern, is in talks to sell Sunoco, a deal which would be valued at more than $2 billion. ](/news/2016/03/12/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-unnamed-sources-familiar-with-the-matter-that-energy-transfer-equity-a-private-equity-concern-is-in-ta.md) _Context: private equity_
5. [NetCracker and Computer Sciences Corporation agree to pay fines amounting to over $12 million, settling a Justice Department investigation into the firms' sub-contracting of computer coding work to Russian sources.  The programs were subsequently installed on secure U.S. government computer networks. ](/news/2015/11/5/netcracker-and-computer-sciences-corporation-agree-to-pay-fines-amounting-to-over-12-million-settling-a-justice-department-investigation-i.md) _Context: Computer Sciences Corporation_
6. [Hewlett-Packard, which has struggled for years in a declining PC market, will cut up to 33,300 jobs over the next three years, mostly in its enterprise business. ](/news/2015/09/16/hewlett-packard-which-has-struggled-for-years-in-a-declining-pc-market-will-cut-up-to-33-300-jobs-over-the-next-three-years-mostly-in-its.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
7. [Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina announces that she will be seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/4/former-hewlett-packard-chief-executive-officer-carly-fiorina-announces-that-she-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-nomination-for-the-2016.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
8. [Hewlett-Packard announces that it will buy Aruba Networks, a California-based manufacturer of wi-fi equipment, for approximately $2.7 billion in combined cash and equity. ](/news/2015/03/2/hewlett-packard-announces-that-it-will-buy-aruba-networks-a-california-based-manufacturer-of-wi-fi-equipment-for-approximately-2-7-billio.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
9. [American IT company Hewlett-Packard announces plans to split in two and shed 5,000 jobs. ](/news/2014/10/6/american-it-company-hewlett-packard-announces-plans-to-split-in-two-and-shed-5-000-jobs.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard_
10. [''The Wall Street Journal'' reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
