### [2006-01-5](/news/2006/01/5/index.md)

#  The leader of Britain's Liberal Democrat Party, Charles Kennedy, admits being treated for alcohol-related problems for the last 18 months but has not drunk for the last two months. The revelation comes following mounting criticism of his leadership from party MPs. He calls a party leadership election, in which he will stand. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4582930.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Charles Kennedy, Leader of the Liberal Democrats, the third-largest political party in the United Kingdom, announces his resignation with immediate effect after unprecedented criticism from his party's MPs. This comes despite previous vows to stand in the leadership election he declared two days earlier. ](/news/2006/01/7/charles-kennedy-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-the-third-largest-political-party-in-the-united-kingdom-announces-his-resignation-with-i.md) _Context: Charles Kennedy, Liberal Democrats, leadership election_
2. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Charles Kennedy, Liberal Democrats_
3. [ British Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy calls for a reform of the UK voting system after Labour took the majority of the seats in the UK election with just 35% of the votes. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-liberal-democrat-leader-charles-kennedy-calls-for-a-reform-of-the-uk-voting-system-after-labour-took-the-majority-of-the-seats-in-t.md) _Context: Charles Kennedy, Liberal Democrats_
4. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
6. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
7. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:. Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
9. [Voters go to the polls in the Eastleigh by-election following the resignation of former UK Cabinet Minister Chris Huhne with Liberal Democrat candidate Mike Thornton retaining the seat for his party. ](/news/2013/02/28/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-eastleigh-by-election-following-the-resignation-of-former-uk-cabinet-minister-chris-huhne-with-liberal-democra.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
10. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
