### [2015-12-15](/news/2015/12/15/index.md)

# American entertainer Bill Cosby, in response to dozens of accusations of sexual assault and misconduct spanning decades, has filed in U.S. federal court in Massachusetts a defamation suit against seven accusers. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/15/arts/bill-cosby-files-defamation-suit-against-women-who-accused-him.html)

### Related:

1. [Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations: The trial against comedian Bill Cosby at the Montgomery County Courthouse ends with a hung jury and the consequent declaration of a mistrial. ](/news/2017/06/17/bill-cosby-sexual-assault-allegations-the-trial-against-comedian-bill-cosby-at-the-montgomery-county-courthouse-ends-with-a-hung-jury-and-t.md) _Context: Bill Cosby, Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations_
2. [Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations: A judge in Pennsylvania schedules the dates for the trial of accused U.S. comedian Bill Cosby. ](/news/2016/09/6/bill-cosby-sexual-assault-allegations-a-judge-in-pennsylvania-schedules-the-dates-for-the-trial-of-accused-u-s-comedian-bill-cosby.md) _Context: Bill Cosby, Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations_
3. [Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations: American entertainer Bill Cosby is charged with aggravated indecent assault in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania. The county's District Attorney-elect said his office is also examining evidence related to other cases. The current charges relate to one particular 2004 incident. ](/news/2015/12/30/bill-cosby-sexual-assault-allegations-american-entertainer-bill-cosby-is-charged-with-aggravated-indecent-assault-in-montgomery-county-pen.md) _Context: Bill Cosby, Bill Cosby sexual assault allegations_
4. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
5. [A car crash at an auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, kills at least three and injures nine, two critically. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-car-crash-at-an-auto-auction-in-billerica-massachusetts-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-nine-two-critically.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
6. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
7. [United States immigration ban: The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
8. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [A court in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania finds that there is enough evidence to hold entertainer Bill Cosby on felony indecent assault charges in relation to the case of "Andrea Constand v. William H. Cosby, Jr.". ](/news/2016/05/24/a-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-finds-that-there-is-enough-evidence-to-hold-entertainer-bill-cosby-on-felony-indecent-assault-char.md) _Context: Bill Cosby_
10. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
