### [2015-12-15](/news/2015/12/15/index.md)

# France's Air Force carries out their first cruise-missile strikes targeting Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant installations in Iraq, including "a training center and logistical depot," according to the French defence ministry. 

The French air force used its first cruise missiles against Islamic State group targets in Iraq on Tuesday, the defence ministry said.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Defense News](http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/international/mideast-africa/2015/12/15/france-uses-first-cruise-missiles-against-defense-ministry-says/77359138/)
1. [Cover Image](http://snagfilms-a.akamaihd.net/2f/46/5d227e2046f8a4655a5ed5759aa3/635857784917963961-gettyimages-148950926jpg)

### Related:

1. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle". ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: France, Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
2. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: France, Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
5. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, defence minister_
8. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-service.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
9. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are-killed-in-airstrikes-on-mosul-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL_
