### [2015-12-15](/news/2015/12/15/index.md)

# The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. 

British astronaut arrives at ISS in Russian Soyuz rocket after Commander Yuri Malenchenko was forced to take control manually - follow the latest updates here


### Source:

1. [Bay News 9](http://www.baynews9.com/content/news/baynews9/news/article.html/content/news/articles/cfn/2015/12/15/three_launch_for_iss.html)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/science/space/12050401/Tim-Peake-launch-Britains-first-astronaut-blasts-off-for-International-Space-Station-live.html)

### Related:

1. [Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. ](/news/2016/06/18/three-astronauts-return-from-a-mission-to-the-international-space-station-briton-tim-peake-of-the-european-space-agency-timothy-kopra-of-n.md) _Context: European Space Agency, International Space Station, NASA, Tim Peake, Timothy Kopra, Yuri Malenchenko_
2. [The joint European Space Agency and Russian Federal Space Agency ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter blasts off from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-joint-european-space-agency-and-russian-federal-space-agency-exomars-trace-gas-orbiter-blasts-off-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakh.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, European Space Agency, Russian Federal Space Agency_
3. [ NASA and the Russian Federal Space Agency launch the thirteenth mission to the International Space Station when "Expedition 13" takes off. On board is Marcos Pontes, the first Brazilian in space. ](/news/2006/03/30/nasa-and-the-russian-federal-space-agency-launch-the-thirteenth-mission-to-the-international-space-station-when-expedition-13-takes-off.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA, Russian Federal Space Agency_
4. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
5. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
6. [NASA's Commercial Resupply Services. Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-commercial-resupply-services-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-c.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
7. [SpaceX CRS-8. SpaceX launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-crs-8-spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusab.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
8. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
9. [For the first time, NASA emailed hardware, a wrench, to the International Space Station that was fabricated on the ISS's Zero Gravity 3D printer. ](/news/2014/12/16/for-the-first-time-nasa-emailed-hardware-a-wrench-to-the-international-space-station-that-was-fabricated-on-the-iss-s-zero-gravity-3d-pri.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
10. [An unmanned Antares rocket carrying NASA's Cygnus CRS Orb-3 resupply mission to the International Space Station explodes seconds after taking off from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the U.S. state of Virginia. The loss includes five thousand pounds of cargo. ](/news/2014/10/28/an-unmanned-antares-rocket-carrying-nasa-s-cygnus-crs-orb-3-resupply-mission-to-the-international-space-station-explodes-seconds-after-takin.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
