### [2002-12-11](/news/2002/12/11/index.md)

# First flight of the ESC-A variant of the Ariane 5 is a failure, with the rocket and the two communications satellites it was carrying destroyed a few minutes after lift-off from Kourou, French Guiana.




### Related:

1. [ The Ariane 5 rocket carrying the new generation Skynet 5 military satellite system is launched successfully from Kourou in French Guiana at 22:03 GMT. ](/news/2007/03/11/the-ariane-5-rocket-carrying-the-new-generation-skynet-5-military-satellite-system-is-launched-successfully-from-kourou-in-french-guiana-at.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana, Kourou_
2. [ India's most advanced INSAT-4A telecommunication satellite is successfully launched by the EADS SPACE Transportation generic rocket, Ariane 5, from the spaceport of Kourou in French Guiana. ](/news/2005/12/22/india-s-most-advanced-insat-4a-telecommunication-satellite-is-successfully-launched-by-the-eads-space-transportation-generic-rocket-ariane.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana, Kourou_
3. [A Russian Proton-M rocket carrying a communications satellite veers off its intended path and burns up in the atmosphere. ](/news/2014/05/16/a-russian-proton-m-rocket-carrying-a-communications-satellite-veers-off-its-intended-path-and-burns-up-in-the-atmosphere.md) _Context: communications satellite, rocket_
4. [Azerbaijan's first satellite Azerspace-1 is launched aboard an Ariane 5 launch rocket in French Guiana. ](/news/2013/02/7/azerbaijan-s-first-satellite-azerspace-1-is-launched-aboard-an-ariane-5-launch-rocket-in-french-guiana.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
5. [French very-high-resolution optical Earth-imaging satellite Pleiades-HR 1B is launched successfully via a Russian Soyuz STA rocket out of the Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, French Guiana. ](/news/2012/12/2/french-very-high-resolution-optical-earth-imaging-satellite-pla-c-iades-hr-1b-is-launched-successfully-via-a-russian-soyuz-sta-rocket-out-of-t.md) _Context: French Guiana, Kourou_
6. [ An Ariane 5 rocket launches the first Automated Transfer Vehicle, "Jules Verne", from the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. The spaceship will rendezvous with and provide supplies to the International Space Station on March 29. ](/news/2008/03/9/an-ariane-5-rocket-launches-the-first-automated-transfer-vehicle-jules-verne-from-the-guiana-space-centre-in-french-guiana-the-spacesh.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
7. [ A heavy-lift "Ariane 5" rocket blasts off from French Guiana putting into orbit two telecommunications satellites, Astra 1L and Galaxy 17. ](/news/2007/05/4/a-heavy-lift-ariane-5-rocket-blasts-off-from-french-guiana-putting-into-orbit-two-telecommunications-satellites-astra-1l-and-galaxy-17.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
8. [ The launch of the European Space Agency's latest Ariane 5 mission from French Guiana, carrying a platform for the Skynet 5 military satellite system for use by the UK Ministry of Defence, is postponed due to a minor technical failure ](/news/2007/03/10/the-launch-of-the-european-space-agency-s-latest-ariane-5-mission-from-french-guiana-carrying-a-platform-for-the-skynet-5-military-satelli.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: rocket_
10. [Blue Origin launches the unmanned rocket New Shephard to the edge of space (100.5 km) and lands safely upright on its original launch pad in Texas, becoming the first organization to do so. ](/news/2015/11/23/blue-origin-launches-the-unmanned-rocket-new-shephard-to-the-edge-of-space-100-5-km-and-lands-safely-upright-on-its-original-launch-pad-in.md) _Context: rocket_
