### [2005-07-5](/news/2005/07/5/index.md)

#  In Austria, state prosecutors investigate allegations that Iran's president-elect Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would have been involved with the 1989 assassination of Kurdish leader Abdul Rahman Ghassemlou in Vienna. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4653513.stm)
2. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L05705088.htm)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Austria, Iran, Vienna_
2. [Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution-to-syria-s-four-year-civil-war-that-has-killed.md) _Context: Austria, Iran, Vienna_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Austria, Iran, Vienna_
4. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Vienna_
5. [A nuclear deal is reached in Vienna between Iran and P5+1. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action if signed by the entities involved, will cut off Iran's ability to produce a nuclear weapon whilst allowing for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, inspections, and the lifting of sanctions. ](/news/2015/07/14/a-nuclear-deal-is-reached-in-vienna-between-iran-and-p5-1-this-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-if-signed-by-the-entities-involved-will.md) _Context: Iran, Vienna_
6. [Iran asks Austria to secure the talks over its nuclear program following reports of cybersecurity breaches. ](/news/2015/06/13/iran-asks-austria-to-secure-the-talks-over-its-nuclear-program-following-reports-of-cybersecurity-breaches.md) _Context: Austria, Iran_
7. [The final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 is held in Vienna, Austria with MCNYns Zelmerlow of Sweden winning for the song Heroes. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-final-of-the-eurovision-song-contest-2015-is-held-in-vienna-austria-with-macnyns-zelmerlapw-of-sweden-winning-for-the-song-heroes.md) _Context: Austria, Vienna_
8. [The new Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad-Javad Zarif says Iran doesn't deny the Holocaust. "The man who was perceived to be denying it is now gone. Happy New Year," he adds. ](/news/2013/09/5/the-new-iranian-foreign-minister-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-iran-doesn-t-deny-the-holocaust-the-man-who-was-perceived-to-be-denying-it-is-n.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
10. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
