### [2005-07-5](/news/2005/07/5/index.md)

#  In Iraq, gunmen attack envoys from Pakistan and Bahrain. The attacks come three days after Egypt's top envoy was ambushed in the street and injured. The attempted kidnappings are meant to discourage other nations from having ties with Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-070505iraq_lat,0,6151463.story?coll=la-home-headlines)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan announces it will send more troops to Bahrain in support of the King of Bahrain Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. ](/news/2011/08/22/pakistan-announces-it-will-send-more-troops-to-bahrain-in-support-of-the-king-of-bahrain-hamad-bin-isa-al-khalifa.md) _Context: Bahrain, Pakistan_
2. [ U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/12/18/u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-on-a-trip-to-various-countries-including-oman-afghanistan-pakistan-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-he-made-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Pakistan_
3. [Religion in Pakistan. Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan_
5. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Bahrain_
6. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Bahrain_
9. [Censorship in Bahrain. Bahrain bans the independent "Al-Wasat" newspaper on grounds that it "sows division" in the Shia-majority kingdom. ](/news/2017/06/4/censorship-in-bahrain-bahrain-bans-the-independent-al-wasat-newspaper-on-grounds-that-it-sows-division-in-the-shia-majority-kingdom.md) _Context: Bahrain_
10. [Charra Pani cable car accident. At least twelve people die and two others are injured after a cable car falls nearly 500 feet into a ditch in Charra Pani, Galyat, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/29/charra-pani-cable-car-accident-at-least-twelve-people-die-and-two-others-are-injured-after-a-cable-car-falls-nearly-500-feet-into-a-ditch-i.md) _Context: Pakistan_
