### [2015-08-24](/news/2015/08/24/index.md)

# Mevlut Cavusoglu, the Turkish Foreign Minister, says that Turkey and the U.S. will launch a "comprehensive" campaign to flush out ISIL from a zone in northern Syria near the border. In effect, this means creating a "security zone" by sending foreign soldiers into Syrian territory. 

Turkey and the United States will soon launch &quot;comprehensive&quot; air operations to flush Islamic State fighters from a zone in northern Syria bordering Turkey, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told Reuters on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/08/24/mideast-crisis-turkey-idINKCN0QT1EH20150824)

### Related:

1. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Syria, Turkey_
2. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Syria, Turkey_
3. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Mevlut Cavusoglu, Syria, Turkey_
4. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
5. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
8. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
9. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot-and-killed-and-another-eight-wound.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
