### [2015-08-24](/news/2015/08/24/index.md)

# Stock markets around the world fall as a result of fears about China's economy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling by 1000 points at the opening of trading on Wall Street. The Dow Jones Index closes down 588.40 points, or 3.6 percent. 

Hundreds of billions wiped off world’s financial markets today, as Chinese rout sends shares tumbling in Europe, Asia and the US


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34039265)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/aug/24/global-stocks-sell-off-deepens-as-panic-grips-markets-live)
3. [The New York Times](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/08/25/business/dealbook/stocks-in-asia-fall-as-china-and-emerging-economies-lose-favor.html?referrer=)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China further devalues the yuan (Renminbi) by 1 percent after two previous devaluings. ](/news/2015/08/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-further-devalues-the-yuan-renminbi-by-1-percent-after-two-previous-devaluings.md) _Context: 2015 Chinese stock market crash, China_
2. [The People's Republic of China devalues the yuan (Renminbi) by 1.62 percent after devaluing by 1.92 percent yesterday. This comes in the wake of a 30% drop of Chinese stocks last month. ](/news/2015/08/12/the-people-s-republic-of-china-devalues-the-yuan-renminbi-by-1-62-percent-after-devaluing-by-1-92-percent-yesterday-this-comes-in-the-wak.md) _Context: 2015 Chinese stock market crash, China_
3. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average surpasses pre-financial crisis levels, reaching an all-time high, last set in October 2007, after the release of better than expected economic data from the United States and Europe and the Chinese growth target. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-surpasses-pre-financial-crisis-levels-reaching-an-all-time-high-last-set-in-october-2007-after-the-relea.md) _Context: China, Dow Jones Industrial Average_
4. [Wall Street ends the week with the strongest gains in a year, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average rising 5.3%, and NASDAQ rising 5%. ](/news/2010/07/9/wall-street-ends-the-week-with-the-strongest-gains-in-a-year-with-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-rising-5-3-and-nasdaq-rising-5.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Wall Street_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
