### [2016-07-19](/news/2016/07/19/index.md)

# An unidentified senior Indonesian  official says the government is  "99 percent" certain  Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of ISIL-connected Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, was killed in Monday's clash with security forces on Sulawesi island. 

Indonesia is &quot;99 percent&quot; sure its most-wanted militant, a supporter of Islamic State known as Santoso, has been killed in a clash with security forces, a senior government official said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-indonesia-security-idUSKCN0ZZ0L2)

### Related:

1. [Indonesian police kill two militants in a clash in a remote jungle area on Sulawesi island. One may be  Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of ISIL-connected Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, and the country's "most wanted man."  Forensic tests will be carried out. Three others, including two women, escaped. ](/news/2016/07/18/indonesian-police-kill-two-militants-in-a-clash-in-a-remote-jungle-area-on-sulawesi-island-one-may-be-abu-wardah-santoso-leader-of-isil-c.md) _Context: Abu Wardah Santoso, ISIS, Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, Sulawesi island_
2. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats.  Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: ISIS, Indonesia_
3. [An Indonesian military helicopter crash shortly after takeoff from Poso kills 13 passengers. Their mission was  to try to capture Indonesia's most wanted militant, Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of the Islamic State affiliate East Indonesia Mujahidin network. ](/news/2016/03/20/an-indonesian-military-helicopter-crash-shortly-after-takeoff-from-poso-kills-13-passengers-their-mission-was-to-try-to-capture-indonesia.md) _Context: ISIS, Indonesia_
4. [Millions of voters in the world's third biggest democracy participated in Indonesia's local elections in 264 regions, just over half of the country's electorates. There is heightened security due to threats by domestic terror groups linked to the Islamic State, as well as increased scrutiny to prevent electoral fraud. Direct elections to choose local leaders were established a decade ago. Official results from the polls  will not be available until December 18, 2015. ](/news/2015/12/9/millions-of-voters-in-the-world-s-third-biggest-democracy-participated-in-indonesia-s-local-elections-in-264-regions-just-over-half-of-the.md) _Context: ISIS, Indonesia_
5. [A ferry ran into trouble in rough seas off the coast of Indonesia's island of Sulawesi, with at least three killed, including two children, 39 rescued, and 77 missing. The New Marina, a fiberglass boat, was reported to be carrying 109 passengers with a crew of 10. The National Search and Rescue Agency says the boat sank 22.5 km (24 miles) off the coast of the Wajo Regency in South Sulawesi. Rescue teams expect to resume their search for the missing,  Monday. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-ferry-ran-into-trouble-in-rough-seas-off-the-coast-of-indonesia-s-island-of-sulawesi-with-at-least-three-killed-including-two-children.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sulawesi island_
6. [At least 17 people are killed and 71 injured following a fire in a karaoke bar on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. ](/news/2015/10/25/at-least-17-people-are-killed-and-71-injured-following-a-fire-in-a-karaoke-bar-on-the-indonesian-island-of-sulawesi.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sulawesi island_
7. [Archaeologists date cave paintings in Maros on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi as being 40,000 years old, which is as old as similar works in Europe. ](/news/2014/10/8/archaeologists-date-cave-paintings-in-maros-on-the-indonesian-island-of-sulawesi-as-being-40-000-years-old-which-is-as-old-as-similar-works.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sulawesi island_
8. [Four people are killed in a magnitude 6.6 earthquake near the city of Palu, Sulawesi in Indonesia. ](/news/2012/08/19/four-people-are-killed-in-a-magnitude-6-6-earthquake-near-the-city-of-palu-sulawesi-in-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sulawesi island_
9. [Mount Lokon, a volcano on Sulawesi in Indonesia erupts again sending ash 3,500 metres in the air. ](/news/2011/07/17/mount-lokon-a-volcano-on-sulawesi-in-indonesia-erupts-again-sending-ash-3-500-metres-in-the-air.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sulawesi island_
10. [Mount Lokon on Indonesia's Sulawesi island erupts prompting thousands of people to flee. ](/news/2011/07/15/mount-lokon-on-indonesia-s-sulawesi-island-erupts-prompting-thousands-of-people-to-flee.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sulawesi island_
