### [2016-07-19](/news/2016/07/19/index.md)

# Donald Trump is nominated as the Republican Party candidate for this year's presidential election. 

Donald Trump was formally chosen as the Republican Party&#x27;s presidential nominee Tuesday evening.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/2016-conventions/trump-set-become-gop-s-official-presidential-nominee-n612616?cid=eml_nbn_20160719)

### Related:

1. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump, Republican_
2. [Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-after-giving-a-speech-and-refusing-to-en.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump, Republican_
3. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention,  citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump, Republican_
4. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
7. [ A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-being-rushed-off-stage-by-united-states-secret-service-agents-at-a-camp.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
8. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
9. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
10. [A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-from-entering-the-philippines-after-trump-co.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
