### [2016-07-19](/news/2016/07/19/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. 

At least 56 civilians were killed on Tuesday in air strikes north of the besieged Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria, and residents said they believed the attack was carried out by U.S.-led warplanes, a monitoring group said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-manbij-idUSKCN0ZZ16Z)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War. U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/syrian-civil-war-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Manbij, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Manbij offensive (2016). The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/syrian-civil-war-manbij-offensive-2016-the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Manbij, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, -most likely operated by the US-led coalition,- kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-most-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-kills.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (March 2016). Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Deir ez-Zor offensive (January 2016). Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/23/syrian-civil-war-deir-ez-zor-offensive-january-2016-airstrikes-on-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-areas-in-syria-s-easte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War. 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre. At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
