### [2016-07-19](/news/2016/07/19/index.md)

# The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. 

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea on Tuesday fired three ballistic missiles into its eastern sea in an apparent protest of South Korea&#039;s decision to allow the deployment of an advanced U.S. missile defense system in…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9e93593fc27c418a9f594c910fdef3ff/seoul-says-north-korea-has-fired-3-missiles-sea)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36831308)

### Related:

1. [A South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff official reports North Korea launched five short-range missiles from  the eastern city of Hamhung into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-official-reports-north-korea-launched-five-short-range-missiles-from-the-eastern-city-of-hamhung-into.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, South Korea, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-tension-caused-by-north-korea-s-escala.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
5. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, Sea of Japan, South Korea_
7. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nuclear-test-at-any-time.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [South Korea announces plans to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-ballistic missile system in Seongju County in the country's south in order to deter against a North Korean attack. ](/news/2016/07/13/south-korea-announces-plans-to-deploy-a-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-anti-ballistic-missile-system-in-seongju-county-in-the-country-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
10. [South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
