### [2005-02-18](/news/2005/02/18/index.md)

#  Iraq War: The American Civil Liberties Union releases documents obtained from the United States Army alleging the destruction of photographs documenting the army's abuse of prisoners in Iraq, following the exposure of the Abu Ghraib scandal.  ([http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story2&u=/ap/20050218/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/afghan_abuse AP]).




### Related:

1. [The last convoy of United States Army soldiers withdraws from Iraq, marking the formal end of the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/12/18/the-last-convoy-of-united-states-army-soldiers-withdraws-from-iraq-marking-the-formal-end-of-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Iraq War, United States soldiers_
2. [Iraq War:''Time'' reports that a Federal Grand Jury is investigating claims of war crimes and torture by the US Central Intelligence Agency at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison in 2003. ](/news/2011/06/14/iraq-war-p-time-reports-that-a-federal-grand-jury-is-investigating-claims-of-war-crimes-and-torture-by-the-us-central-intelligence-agency.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib, Iraq War_
3. [ A military judge dismisses two charges against Lieutenant Colonel Steven Jordan, a United States Army officer in charge of the interrogation centre at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Jordan still faces several more charges including cruelty and maltreatment of detainees, disobeying a superior officer and failure to obey orders. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-military-judge-dismisses-two-charges-against-lieutenant-colonel-steven-jordan-a-united-states-army-officer-in-charge-of-the-interrogatio.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib, United States soldiers_
4. [ The notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq is to close and its prisoners to be housed elsewhere, the U.S. military has said. ](/news/2006/03/9/the-notorious-abu-ghraib-prison-in-iraq-is-to-close-and-its-prisoners-to-be-housed-elsewhere-the-u-s-military-has-said.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib abuse, Abu Ghraib prison_
5. [ U.S. Army PFC Lynndie England is found guilty of six of seven charges by a military court in connection with the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal.  A sentencing hearing is scheduled to begin September 27. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050926/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/prisoner_abuse_england (Yahoo!News)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/u-s-army-pfc-lynndie-england-is-found-guilty-of-six-of-seven-charges-by-a-military-court-in-connection-with-the-abu-ghraib-prisoner-abuse.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib abuse, United States soldiers_
6. [Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: United States soldiers_
7. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
8. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: United States soldiers_
9. [A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland. At least one crew member is injured and taken to hospital. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-united-states-army-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-on-a-golf-course-in-leonardtown-maryland-at-least-one-crew-member-is-injured-and.md) _Context: United States soldiers_
10. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: United States soldiers_
