### [2005-02-18](/news/2005/02/18/index.md)

#  It is discovered that the tsunami resulting from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake uncovered an ancient city near the coastal town of Mahabalipuram in India. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo!](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=624&ncid=624&e=3&u=/ap/20050218/ap_on_sc/tsunami_sea_temple)

### Related:

1. [ In Sri Lanka, investigators that investigate alleged misappropriation of funds of tsunami relief after 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, state that they have not found any evidence of wrongdoing. Opposition United National Party claims that prime minister Mahinda Rajapaksa had siphoned off 83 million rupees to his own constituency ](/news/2005/07/25/in-sri-lanka-investigators-that-investigate-alleged-misappropriation-of-funds-of-tsunami-relief-after-2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-state.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
2. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
3. [ Indian divers have found more evidence of possible underwater ruins of a port city near the Tamil Nadu coast. The ruins were revealed after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Archaeological Survey of India connects them to the legendary city of Mahabalipuram ](/news/2005/02/27/indian-divers-have-found-more-evidence-of-possible-underwater-ruins-of-a-port-city-near-the-tamil-nadu-coast-the-ruins-were-revealed-after.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Mahabalipuram_
4. [ A month after the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunamis, more than 1000 bodies a day are still being recovered in Aceh. ](/news/2005/01/28/a-month-after-the-2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-and-tsunamis-more-than-1000-bodies-a-day-are-still-being-recovered-in-aceh.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
5. [ The death toll from the Indian Ocean earthquake and subsequent tsunamis on December 26 reaches more than 80,000. ](/news/2004/12/29/the-death-toll-from-the-indian-ocean-earthquake-and-subsequent-tsunamis-on-december-26-reaches-more-than-80-000.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
6. [ The death toll from tsunamis resulting from the Indian Ocean earthquake is known to be at least 59,000 and still rising. ](/news/2004/12/28/the-death-toll-from-tsunamis-resulting-from-the-indian-ocean-earthquake-is-known-to-be-at-least-59-000-and-still-rising.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
7. [ The death toll from tsunamis resulting from the Indian Ocean earthquake is known to be at least 20,000 and possibly as high as 45,000. ](/news/2004/12/27/the-death-toll-from-tsunamis-resulting-from-the-indian-ocean-earthquake-is-known-to-be-at-least-20-000-and-possibly-as-high-as-45-000.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
8. [ An earthquake of magnitude 9.3, the strongest earthquake in 40 years, strikes in the Indian Ocean off the western coast of Sumatra. While initial reports state that the resulting tsunamis killed approximately 100 people, by the end of the day 250,000 people in coastal areas of Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, India, Bangladesh, Burma, Indonesia and Malaysia had been reported dead or missing. Tremors are also felt as far as Singapore, eastern countries of Africa, and north-western Australia. A state of emergency is declared in Sri Lanka, where over 31,000 people are feared dead. ](/news/2004/12/26/an-earthquake-of-magnitude-9-3-the-strongest-earthquake-in-40-years-strikes-in-the-indian-ocean-off-the-western-coast-of-sumatra-while-i.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, tsunami_
9. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: tsunami_
10. [A 6.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Mindanao, Philippines triggering tsunami warnings. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-6-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-mindanao-philippines-triggering-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: tsunami_
