### [2011-10-7](/news/2011/10/7/index.md)

# At least 35 people are killed in an expressway accident in the north Chinese port city of Tianjin, while another 10 are killed in a 24-car pileup in the Lianyungang-Khorgas Expressway's Anhui section. 




### Source:

1. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2011-10/07/content_13844956.htm)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/china/2011-10/07/c_131178143.htm)

### Related:

1. [China's climate negotiator Xie Zhenhua states that the country's voluntary efforts supported by its own resources and technologies only accept "non-invasive" international consultation and analysis at the UNFCCC meeting in Tianjin, China. ](/news/2010/10/6/china-s-climate-negotiator-xie-zhenhua-states-that-the-country-s-voluntary-efforts-supported-by-its-own-resources-and-technologies-only-acce.md) _Context: China, Tianjin_
2. [ As China struggles to deal with flooding in the provinces of Sichuan, Guizhou, Anhui, Hubei, and Jiangsu, the city of Chongqing is hit with the largest rainstorm in the city's meteorological records, killing 32. 12 people are reported missing. The city's transportation network has been shut down completely. ](/news/2007/07/18/as-china-struggles-to-deal-with-flooding-in-the-provinces-of-sichuan-guizhou-anhui-hubei-and-jiangsu-the-city-of-chongqing-is-hit-with.md) _Context: Anhui, China_
3. [ Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association outraged Vatican by planning to  ordain another bishop, Liu Xinhong in Anhui Province. On Sunday, China has already ordained Ma Yinglin, not approved by the Holy See, as a bishop in Yunnan. Hong Kong Cardinal Joseph Zen urged the Vatican to stop diplomatic talks with China [http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,,-5793952,00.html]](/news/2006/05/1/chinese-patriotic-catholic-association-outraged-vatican-by-planning-to-ordain-another-bishop-liu-xinhong-in-anhui-province-on-sunday-ch.md) _Context: Anhui, China_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
5. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
9. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China_
