### [2011-10-7](/news/2011/10/7/index.md)

# The ongoing allied war in Afghanistan marks its tenth anniversary, with the death toll among ISAF personnel reaching 2,670. 

Afghanistan is marking 10 years since the start of the US-led war against the Taliban in quiet fashion, but security is being stepped up in the capital.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/afghanistan-marks-10-years-since-war-20111007-1ld00.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Three Georgian soldiers are killed and several wounded in a large-scale insurgent attack on an ISAF base in the Helmand Province. ](/news/2013/05/13/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-three-georgian-soldiers-are-killed-and-several-wounded-in-a-large-scale-insurgent-attack-on-an-isaf-ba.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Two US and three Afghan soldiers are killed in Wardak Province in the latest insider attack against coalition forces. In a separate incident, two Afghan civilians are shot dead by American soldiers after failing to stop at a checkpoint near Kabul. ](/news/2013/03/11/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-two-us-and-three-afghan-soldiers-are-killed-in-wardak-province-in-the-latest-insider-attack-against-co.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [U.S. President Obama nominates general John R. Allen for the SACEUR function. General Joseph Dunford would succeed Allen as ISAF commander in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/10/10/u-s-president-obama-nominates-general-john-r-allen-for-the-saceur-function-general-joseph-dunford-would-succeed-allen-as-isaf-commander-i.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. A suicide bomber targets a NATO convoy in the Afghan capital Kabul killing at least four Afghans, 13 American troops, and members of the International Security Assistance Force. ](/news/2011/10/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-nato-convoy-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-killing-at-least-four-afghans-13-a.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan:. President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comma.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [The number of deaths for members of the International Security Assistance Force in the War in Afghanistan reaches 500 for the first 9 months of 2010 as opposed to 521 for all of 2009. ](/news/2010/09/6/the-number-of-deaths-for-members-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-the-war-in-afghanistan-reaches-500-for-the-first-9-months.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present). Nine International Security Assistance Force soldiers are killed in a NATO helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/09/21/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-nine-international-security-assistance-force-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-nato-helicopter-crash-in-southern.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [iCasualties.org estimates that International Security Assistance Force casualties in the War in Afghanistan have now exceeded 2,000. ](/news/2010/08/15/icasualties-org-estimates-that-international-security-assistance-force-casualties-in-the-war-in-afghanistan-have-now-exceeded-2-000.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [ The International Security Assistance Force kills 13 people in Guzara, Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/02/21/the-international-security-assistance-force-kills-13-people-in-guzara-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [ War in Afghanistan: Three soldiers in the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force are killed. ](/news/2007/07/27/war-in-afghanistan-three-soldiers-in-the-nato-led-international-security-assistance-force-are-killed.md) _Context: International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
