### [2017-03-25](/news/2017/03/25/index.md)

# In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. 




### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/syria-threatens-to-fire-scud-missiles-at-israel-report/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
2. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Israel, Syria_
3. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Hezbollah, March 2017 Israel-Syria incident, Syria_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, March 2017 Israel-Syria incident, Syria_
5. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
6. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
7. [Syrian civil war:Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-missi.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
8. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Saudi King Abdullah, and Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani visit Lebanon amid reports that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon will indict members of Hezbollah ](/news/2010/07/30/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-saudi-king-abdullah-and-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-visit-lebanon-amid-reports-that-the.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Hezbollah, Syria_
9. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
10. [ Syrian President Bashar al-Assad told the Syrian military on Monday to raise its readiness, pledging not to abandon support for Lebanese resistance against Israel. ](/news/2006/07/31/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-told-the-syrian-military-on-monday-to-raise-its-readiness-pledging-not-to-abandon-support-for-lebanese-re.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Israel, Syria_
