### [2017-03-25](/news/2017/03/25/index.md)

# The UK Independence Party (UKIP)'s only MP, Douglas Carswell, quits the party to become an independent MP. 

MP for Clacton announces he is to become independent MP, having previously defected to Ukip from the Conservatives


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/25/ukips-only-mp-douglas-carswell-quits-party)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom by-elections. Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election, the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/united-kingdom-by-elections-labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
2. [UK Independence Party leadership election, November 2016. Paul Nuttall wins an overall majority in a vote to become the UK Independence Party's (UKIP) leader, succeeding Nigel Farage. ](/news/2016/11/28/uk-independence-party-leadership-election-november-2016-paul-nuttall-wins-an-overall-majority-in-a-vote-to-become-the-uk-independence-part.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
3. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
4. [Aftermath of Brexit. UK Independence Party leadership election, November 2016. Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/aftermath-of-brexit-uk-independence-party-leadership-election-november-2016-suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-cha.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
5. [UK Independence Party leadership election, 2016. Members of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) elect Diane James as their new leader. ](/news/2016/09/16/uk-independence-party-leadership-election-2016-members-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-elect-diane-james-as-their-new-leader.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
6. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: MP_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-ho.md) _Context: MP_
9. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation-s poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was -bully politics- that would -disgust- the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: MP_
10. [West Lothian question. The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: MP_
