### [2004-04-26](/news/2004/04/26/index.md)

#  In an open letter to Tony Blair, 52 former high ranking British diplomats, including former ambassadors to Iraq and Israel, condemn the Prime Minister's foreign policy stance in the Middle East as "doomed to failure" and also condemn George W. Bush's recent endorsement of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip while leaving some in the West Bank as "one-sided and illegal and which will cost yet more Israeli and Palestinian blood."




### Related:

1. [ Former Malaysian premier Mahathir Mohamad hosts a conference calling for George W. Bush and Tony Blair to be tried by an unofficial tribunal for war crimes in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/5/former-malaysian-premier-mahathir-mohamad-hosts-a-conference-calling-for-george-w-bush-and-tony-blair-to-be-tried-by-an-unofficial-tribuna.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
2. [ Kofi Annan states that he is working with the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council to deploy an armed force in the Middle East to quell the escalation of conflict between Israel, Palestinian insurgents and Hezbollah. Tony Blair supports the plan. ](/news/2006/07/17/kofi-annan-states-that-he-is-working-with-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-deploy-an-armed-force-in-the.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East, Tony Blair_
3. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
4. [ A leaked memo in the UK, detailing a conversation between U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in 2003, has revealed that Blair intended to follow the US into Iraq even without a UN resolution, and that Bush considered provoking a response from Iraq using falsely marked Lockheed U-2 spy planes to provide an excuse for war. ](/news/2006/02/2/a-leaked-memo-in-the-uk-detailing-a-conversation-between-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-in-2003-has.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
5. [ Nobel Prize in Literature winner Harold Pinter accuses Britain and the United States of engaging in state terrorism in Iraq and demands the prosecution of George W. Bush and Tony Blair. ](/news/2005/12/7/nobel-prize-in-literature-winner-harold-pinter-accuses-britain-and-the-united-states-of-engaging-in-state-terrorism-in-iraq-and-demands-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, George W. Bush, Israel_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, George W. Bush, Israel_
8. [ General Wesley Clark suggests that members of the Bush administration may be liable to criminal charges in connection with the Iraq war. Clark alleges that the plans for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and other interventions in the Middle East (possibly including Lebanon and Syria), pre-dated the inauguration of the President and that the reasons for the war were misleadingly presented to the US people.](/news/2003/10/3/general-wesley-clark-suggests-that-members-of-the-bush-administration-may-be-liable-to-criminal-charges-in-connection-with-the-iraq-war-cl.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Middle East_
9. [ Belgium's highest court, the Court of Cassation, throws out case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli General Amos Yaron. Also, a case against former U.S. President George H. W. Bush (for war crimes in Iraq) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is dismissed.](/news/2003/09/24/belgium-s-highest-court-the-court-of-cassation-throws-out-case-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-israeli-general-amos-yaron-also.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Iraq, Israel_
10. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
