### [2005-11-12](/news/2005/11/12/index.md)

#  Amir Peretz, the new head of the Israeli Labor Party, warns Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon that if Sharon does not pick a date for an early election, Peretz will institute a motion of no-confidence forcing a snap election within 90 days. 




### Related:

1. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon dies at the age of 85 after spending eight years in a coma following a stroke. ](/news/2014/01/11/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-dies-at-the-age-of-85-after-spending-eight-years-in-a-coma-following-a-stroke.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Amir Peretz, Israeli Labor Party_
3. [ Amir Peretz is elected leader of the Israeli Labor Party, narrowly defeating the incumbent, Shimon Peres. ](/news/2005/11/9/amir-peretz-is-elected-leader-of-the-israeli-labor-party-narrowly-defeating-the-incumbent-shimon-peres.md) _Context: Amir Peretz, Israeli Labor Party_
4. [ Former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres says he may leave the Israeli Labor Party to join Ariel Sharon's government  after the next election if he is re-elected and if Sharon's new party is to form a government. ](/news/2005/11/29/former-israeli-prime-minister-shimon-peres-says-he-may-leave-the-israeli-labor-party-to-join-ariel-sharon-s-government-after-the-next-elec.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Labor Party_
5. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Labor Party_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon announces that existing large West Bank Israeli settlements will be expanded. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/08/22/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-announces-that-existing-large-west-bank-israeli-settlements-will-be-expanded-wikinews.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: snap election_
8. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: snap election_
9. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: snap election_
10. [Kuwait, where citizens make up around 30 percent of the emirate's 4.4 million population, votes  in a snap election following parliament's dissolution on 16 October amid the impact of falling oil prices. This is the first election the opposition has not boycotted in nearly four years. ](/news/2016/11/26/kuwait-where-citizens-make-up-around-30-percent-of-the-emirate-s-4-4-million-population-votes-in-a-snap-election-following-parliament-s-d.md) _Context: snap election_
