### [2005-11-12](/news/2005/11/12/index.md)

#  The UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, makes a surprise visit to Iraq and expresses support for an Arab League conference discussing cooperation with Iraq's many factions. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4430702.stm)

### Related:

1. [The delegation from Saudi Arabia departed from the meeting of the Arab League, offended by remarks of the Foreign Minister of Iraq, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, an indication of increasing tension among Arab states. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-delegation-from-saudi-arabia-departed-from-the-meeting-of-the-arab-league-offended-by-remarks-of-the-foreign-minister-of-iraq-ibrahim.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
2. [United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Arab League, Kofi Annan_
3. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon visits Iraq to meet with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2009/02/6/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-visits-iraq-to-meet-with-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki.md) _Context: Iraq, Secretary General_
4. [ The Secretary-General of the United Nations orders an investigation into how hazardous material from Iraq came to be in the United Nations headquarters in New York. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-orders-an-investigation-into-how-hazardous-material-from-iraq-came-to-be-in-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Iraq, Secretary General_
5. [ Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, expresses concern about a resumption of fighting in Sudan between the army and the Sudan People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2006/11/29/kofi-annan-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-expresses-concern-about-a-resumption-of-fighting-in-sudan-between-the-army-and-the.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
6. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Insurgent attacks throughout Iraq leave seven Iraqis, two security officials from the Arab league and one U.S. soldier dead. ](/news/2005/10/10/conflict-in-iraq-insurgent-attacks-throughout-iraq-leave-seven-iraqis-two-security-officials-from-the-arab-league-and-one-u-s-soldier-de.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
8. [ A report by the Independent Inquiry Committee criticizes U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan and the U.N. Security Council's role in the Oil-for-Food Programme. ](/news/2005/09/7/a-report-by-the-independent-inquiry-committee-criticizes-u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-and-the-u-n-security-council-s-role-in-the-oil.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
9. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Kofi Annan_
10. [ Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.](/news/2003/09/9/iraq-the-iraqi-governing-council-gains-the-seat-at-the-arab-league-left-open-since-saddam-hussein-s-ouster-by-the-us-led-coalition-earlier.md) _Context: Arab League, Iraq_
