### [2008-08-20](/news/2008/08/20/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom Competition Commission recommends that BAA Limited should sell two out of its three airports in South East England (Heathrow, Gatwick, and Stansted) and one of its Scottish airports (either Edinburgh Airport or Glasgow International Airport) due to competition concerns. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/7571613.stm)

### Related:

1. [ BAA Limited decides to sell Gatwick Airport following a recent ruling by the United Kingdom Competition Commission. ](/news/2008/09/17/baa-limited-decides-to-sell-gatwick-airport-following-a-recent-ruling-by-the-united-kingdom-competition-commission.md) _Context: BAA Limited, Competition Commission, United Kingdom_
2. [ A major expansion of British airports is announced by the UK government, with Stansted, Heathrow and Birmingham set to gain extra runways. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/3322277.stm]](/news/2003/12/16/a-major-expansion-of-british-airports-is-announced-by-the-uk-government-with-stansted-heathrow-and-birmingham-set-to-gain-extra-runways.md) _Context: London Heathrow Airport, London Stansted Airport, United Kingdom_
3. [The United Kingdom continues to face blizzard conditions with many schools closed, long queues on the M8 motorway in Scotland, and Edinburgh Airport closed. ](/news/2010/11/30/the-united-kingdom-continues-to-face-blizzard-conditions-with-many-schools-closed-long-queues-on-the-m8-motorway-in-scotland-and-edinburgh.md) _Context: Edinburgh Airport, United Kingdom_
4. [The first passenger flight between Iraq and the United Kingdom in two decades touches down at London Gatwick Airport, nine days overdue because of volcanic ash problems. ](/news/2010/04/25/the-first-passenger-flight-between-iraq-and-the-united-kingdom-in-two-decades-touches-down-at-london-gatwick-airport-nine-days-overdue-beca.md) _Context: London Gatwick Airport, United Kingdom_
5. [ BAA plc, the owners of London's Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted Airports, accept a 10 billion takeover bid from a consortium led by Spain's' Grupo Ferrovial and including the Quebec public employees' pension fund. ](/news/2006/06/6/baa-plc-the-owners-of-london-s-heathrow-gatwick-and-stansted-airports-accept-a-ps10-billion-takeover-bid-from-a-consortium-led-by-spain-s.md) _Context: London Gatwick Airport, London Heathrow Airport_
6. [ A London tabloid claims that the CIA's use of Scotland's airports was part of an alleged CIA operation to catch and transfer terrorist suspects to secret prison camps in Europe. The three airports allegedly involved were Glasgow International, Glasgow Prestwick, and Edinburgh Airport. ](/news/2005/12/4/a-london-tabloid-claims-that-the-cia-s-use-of-scotland-s-airports-was-part-of-an-alleged-cia-operation-to-catch-and-transfer-terrorist-susp.md) _Context: Edinburgh Airport, Glasgow International Airport_
7. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
