### [2008-08-20](/news/2008/08/20/index.md)

#  The United States and Poland sign an agreement to place an American missile defense base on Polish territory with Russia warning that its response will go beyond diplomacy.

The agreement to place an American missile defense base on Polish territory is fiercely opposed by Russia.


### Source:

1. [Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/chronicle/5954993.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/21/world/europe/21missile.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Polish, Russia, United States_
2. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: Polish, Russia, missile defense shield_
3. [Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Russia, warns of a potential new Cold War if the United States does not listen to Russia's concerns about its proposed missile defense system. ](/news/2011/05/18/dmitry-medvedev-the-president-of-russia-warns-of-a-potential-new-cold-war-if-the-united-states-does-not-listen-to-russia-s-concerns-about.md) _Context: Russia, United States, missile defense shield_
4. [Poland and the United States sign a deal in Krakow allowing the United States to position an American anti-missile shield in Poland to defend Europe from the perceived threat of Iran and other countries: Russia objects. ](/news/2010/07/3/poland-and-the-united-states-sign-a-deal-in-kraka3w-allowing-the-united-states-to-position-an-american-anti-missile-shield-in-poland-to-defe.md) _Context: Polish, Russia, United States_
5. [ At a summit in Nice, France, the European Union and Russia agree to refrain from deploying missiles or missile defense systems at least before mid-2009, when a pan-European security framework is discussed between Russia, the United States and the EU. ](/news/2008/11/14/at-a-summit-in-nice-france-the-european-union-and-russia-agree-to-refrain-from-deploying-missiles-or-missile-defense-systems-at-least-bef.md) _Context: Russia, United States, missile defense shield_
6. [ Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, announces that the United States and Poland have reached an agreement on basing missile defense in Poland. ](/news/2008/08/14/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-announces-that-the-united-states-and-poland-have-reached-an-agreement-on-basing-missile-defense.md) _Context: Polish, United States, missile defense shield_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Polish, Russia, United States_
8. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Polish, United States_
10. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
