### [2012-05-31](/news/2012/05/31/index.md)

# British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18286371)

### Related:

1. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: BSkyB, David Cameron, Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
2. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: BSkyB, David Cameron, Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
3. [Speaking on the BBC's ''The Andrew Marr Show'', British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. ](/news/2012/06/3/speaking-on-the-bbc-s-the-andrew-marr-show-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-acted-wisely.md) _Context: BSkyB takeover bid, David Cameron, Jeremy Hunt, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
4. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: BSkyB, BSkyB takeover bid, Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation_
5. [British Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt agrees to hand over private emails to the Leveson Inquiry relating to the BSkyB takeover as pressure mounts for a separate inquiry into his conduct. ](/news/2012/04/27/british-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-agrees-to-hand-over-private-emails-to-the-leveson-inquiry-relating-to-th.md) _Context: BSkyB, Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
6. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: BSkyB, David Cameron, News Corporation, Prime Minister_
7. [10 Downing Street denies that British Prime Minister David Cameron's spokesman Craig Oliver warned ''The Daily Telegraph'' against running a critical story on MPs expenses claimed by Culture Secretary Maria Miller because of her role in enacting proposals in the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/12/12/10-downing-street-denies-that-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-spokesman-craig-oliver-warned-the-daily-telegraph-against-running-a.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: David Cameron, Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
9. [Leveson Inquiry:Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-pformer-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-ch.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News Corporation, Prime Minister_
10. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
