### [2012-05-31](/news/2012/05/31/index.md)

# SpaceX's unmanned Dragon capsule successfully returns to Earth following its demo mission to the International Space Station, landing intact in the Pacific Ocean. It is later recovered and shipped back to the United States. 

The SpaceX Dragon capsule successfully came down in the Pacific Ocean.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5grpUD0qIl5L-gNliMHBc-E_S8fiQ?docId=e9dcaf97edc04dc5ae4d586e64552b10)
2. [NASA](http://www.nasa.gov/exploration/commercial/cargo/spacex_rss_feed_collection_archive_1.html)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/space/story/2012-05-31/spacex-dragon-capsule-return/55295594/1)

### Related:

1. [A few days later than initially planned, ATV-3 burns up; remaining parts plunge in the Pacific Ocean. The next mission docking with ISS, the first commercial resupply mission, with SpaceX Dragon is planned to launch on 8 October at 12:35 AM GMT. Unberthing and splashdown are targeted for 28 October. Orbital Sciences plans two Cygnus dockings to the ISS; in April 2013 follows "Albert Einstein" ATV (ATV-4). ATV-5 is planned April 2014. ](/news/2012/10/3/a-few-days-later-than-initially-planned-atv-3-burns-up-remaining-parts-plunge-in-the-pacific-ocean-the-next-mission-docking-with-iss-the.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, Pacific Ocean, SpaceX_
2. [A SpaceX Dragon becomes the first commercial spacecraft ever to dock with the International Space Station, completing docking at 12:02 pm EDT (16:02 UTC). ](/news/2012/05/25/a-spacex-dragon-becomes-the-first-commercial-spacecraft-ever-to-dock-with-the-international-space-station-completing-docking-at-12-02-pm-ed.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX, its demo mission_
3. [After months of delays, American company SpaceX successfully launches its unmanned Dragon spacecraft aboard a Falcon 9 rocket, beginning a test mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2012/05/22/after-months-of-delays-american-company-spacex-successfully-launches-its-unmanned-dragon-spacecraft-aboard-a-falcon-9-rocket-beginning-a-t.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX, its demo mission_
4. [NASA clears SpaceX to launch Dragon COTS Demo Flight 2 toward the International Space Station in a window opening on February 7, 2012. ](/news/2011/12/10/nasa-clears-spacex-to-launch-dragon-cots-demo-flight-2-toward-the-international-space-station-in-a-window-opening-on-february-7-2012.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX, its demo mission_
5. [SpaceX CRS-2: The cargo ship SpaceX Dragon docks at the International Space Station after a brief delay. ](/news/2013/03/3/spacex-crs-2-the-cargo-ship-spacex-dragon-docks-at-the-international-space-station-after-a-brief-delay.md) _Context: Dragon, International Space Station, SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX CRS-11: SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-crs-11-spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internat.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
7. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
8. [SpaceX CRS-10: SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-crs-10-spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
9. [SpaceX CRS-10: SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-crs-10-spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-wil.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
10. [SpaceX CRS-8: SpaceX launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-crs-8-spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusab.md) _Context: International Space Station, SpaceX_
