### [2007-05-7](/news/2007/05/7/index.md)

#  Discovery is announced of the Kerguelen Plateau, an Antarctic sunken large island formerly joined to India, from the icebreaker Polarstern at its homeport of Bremerhaven, Germany, after a 19-month research voyage to Antarctica. 

A mini-continent that was formerly joined to India has been discovered deep under the southern oceans.


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/articleshow/2009270.cms)

### Related:

1. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Germany, India_
2. [ India successfully launches seven satellites in a single mission one month after its inaugural Moon mission is aborted. Included are six smaller satellites from Germany, Switzerland and Turkey. ](/news/2009/09/23/india-successfully-launches-seven-satellites-in-a-single-mission-one-month-after-its-inaugural-moon-mission-is-aborted-included-are-six-sm.md) _Context: Germany, India_
3. [ India's Viswanathan Anand retains the World Chess Championship title in Bonn, Germany, by defeating Russia's Vladimir Kramnik. ](/news/2008/10/29/india-s-viswanathan-anand-retains-the-world-chess-championship-title-in-bonn-germany-by-defeating-russiaas-vladimir-kramnik.md) _Context: Germany, India_
4. [ 2007 North Sea flood: The German ports of Hamburg and Bremerhaven suffer in the floods. ](/news/2007/11/10/2007-north-sea-flood-the-german-ports-of-hamburg-and-bremerhaven-suffer-in-the-floods.md) _Context: Bremerhaven, Germany_
5. [ The G4 group of nations, which includes Brazil, India, Germany and Japan, says that it would revive efforts for United Nations Security Council reform. ](/news/2007/04/20/the-g4-group-of-nations-which-includes-brazil-india-germany-and-japan-says-that-it-would-revive-efforts-for-united-nations-security-cou.md) _Context: Germany, India_
6. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
9. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
