### [2013-08-29](/news/2013/08/29/index.md)

# Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-08-29/north-korea-says-u-s-threatens-nuclear-attack-with-b-52-bombers.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS ''John McCain'' and USS ''Decatur'' into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-ami.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-ac.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-ko.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [2013 Korean crisis:South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2013/04/12/2013-korean-crisis-psouth-korea-s-defense-ministry-says-it-doubts-north-korea-has-the-ability-to-launch-a-nuclear-armed-ballistic-missile-as.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
5. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
7. [Korean peninsula:Officials from the United States, South Korea and Japan are to meet in Washington, D.C., to discuss North Korea. ](/news/2010/11/30/korean-peninsula-pofficials-from-the-united-states-south-korea-and-japan-are-to-meet-in-washington-d-c-to-discuss-north-korea.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
8. [Korean peninsula:North Korea issues warnings about a planned exercise by South Korea and the United States this weekend. ](/news/2010/11/26/korean-peninsula-pnorth-korea-issues-warnings-about-a-planned-exercise-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-this-weekend.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, United States_
