### [2008-12-22](/news/2008/12/22/index.md)

#  Romanian legislative election, 2008: Emil Boc is sworn in as the new Prime Minister and will lead a coalition government of the Democrat Liberals and Social Democrats. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5h0Wm-sZhyz0P70iYL6u2suDW93OQD957UGKG0)
2. [b92.net](http://www.b92.net/eng/news/region-article.php?yyyy=2008&mm=12&dd=23&nav_id=55932)

### Related:

1. [ President of Romania Traian Basescu nominates Emil Boc, President of the Democratic Liberal Party, as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/12/15/president-of-romania-traian-basescu-nominates-emil-boc-president-of-the-democratic-liberal-party-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Democrat Liberals, Emil Boc, Prime Minister, Romania_
2. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister, Romania_
3. [Romanian Prime Minister Emil Boc and his entire cabinet resign after major social and political unrest in the country. ](/news/2012/02/6/romanian-prime-minister-emil-boc-and-his-entire-cabinet-resign-after-major-social-and-political-unrest-in-the-country.md) _Context: Emil Boc, Prime Minister, Romania_
4. [ Romania's Social Democratic Party wins the most votes in both houses of Parliament in the legislative election. ](/news/2008/11/30/romania-s-social-democratic-party-wins-the-most-votes-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-the-legislative-election.md) _Context: PSD, Romania, legislative election, 2008_
5. [After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/06/21/after-a-short-term-political-crisis-started-when-the-governing-psd-retracted-its-support-the-parliament-of-romania-passes-a-no-confidence.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
6. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament  in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: PSD, Romania_
7. [Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the-colectiv-nightclub-fire-tragedy-the.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
8. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania_
9. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. ''[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]'' ''[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]''Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. ''[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]''   ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-pmore-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
10. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohannis-scoring-an-upset-victory-over-curren.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania_
