### [2016-01-7](/news/2016/01/7/index.md)

# Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. 

Iran has accused Saudi Arabia of using warplanes to attack the Iranian embassy in the Yemeni capital Sana&#039;a. Some guards were reportedly wounded in the attack, according to state news channel IRIB. 


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/328156-iran-saudis-embassy-airstrike/)
2. [Reuters](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/8c809e01cbe34319af3b42e7d2d52d89/iran-says-saudi-led-airstrike-hit-iranian-embassy-yemen)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-idUSKBN0UL0OQ20160107)
4. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/iran-claims-saudi-airstrike-on-yemen-embassy-amid-deepening-tensions/2016/01/07/fc6131ae-b52f-11e5-a76a-0b5145e8679a_story.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-the-airstrikes-come-just-da.md) _Context: Sana'a, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a police building in Yemen's capital, Sana'a, kills at least 26 people and injures 15 others. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-police-building-in-yemen-s-capital-sana-a-kills-at-least-26-people-and-injures-15-others.md) _Context: Sana'a, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
3. [Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-retaliation-to-saudi-war-crimes-a-spokesman-for-yemen-s-military.md) _Context: Sana'a, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
4. [An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted-and-seized-in-the-arabian-sea-150-miles.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
5. [A Saudi-led military coalition bombardment in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, kills at least 50 people. ](/news/2015/09/21/a-saudi-led-military-coalition-bombardment-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-kills-at-least-50-people.md) _Context: Sana'a, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
6. [A Saudi-led military coalition bombards government buildings and residential neighborhoods in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, killing about 30 people, including civilians. Rescuers continue searching for other possible victims buried under the rubble. ](/news/2015/09/19/a-saudi-led-military-coalition-bombards-government-buildings-and-residential-neighborhoods-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-killing-about-30-p.md) _Context: Sana'a, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
7. [The Saudi Arabia led coalition launches airstrikes on military bases near the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2015/06/3/the-saudi-arabia-led-coalition-launches-airstrikes-on-military-bases-near-the-yemeni-capital-sanaa.md) _Context: Sana'a, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Yemen's_
9. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
10. [The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-from-noon.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen's_
