### [2013-03-24](/news/2013/03/24/index.md)

# 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. 

Looting is reported in the capital of the Central African Republic after President Francois Bozize flees and rebels take control of the city.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2013/03/201332481729584103.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21915901)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central-African, President of the Central African Republic_
2. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pall-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-reb.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Bangui's, Central-African_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franass.md) _Context: Central-African, Francois Bozize, President of the Central African Republic_
4. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pcentral-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-a.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African, Francois Bozize_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pthe-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistance.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African, Francois Bozize_
6. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Central-African, Francois Bozize_
7. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
8. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to AfricaPope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africappope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-co.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
9. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
10. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic.  ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central-African_
