### [2013-03-24](/news/2013/03/24/index.md)

# Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. 

Looting is reported in the capital of the Central African Republic after President Francois Bozize flees and rebels take control of the city.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2013/03/201332481729584103.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21915901)

### Related:

1. [Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/rebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, President of the Central African Republic_
2. [Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/central-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-advance-to-within-75-km-of-the-capital-ban.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
3. [The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/the-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistance-as-rebels-advance-on-the-capital-bangui.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
4. [ General Francois Bozize dissolved the national legislature of the Central African Republic and declared himself President, one day after his rebel forces took Bangui, the capital.](/news/2003/03/16/general-franassois-boziza-c-dissolved-the-national-legislature-of-the-central-african-republic-and-declared-himself-president-one-day-after.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
5. [Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
6. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
7. [Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-country-wracked-by-sectarian-violence.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
8. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
9. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
10. [Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/russia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-central-african-republic-s-former-presi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
