### [2013-03-24](/news/2013/03/24/index.md)

# Syria's opposition chief Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib resigns from the Syrian National Coalition after inconclusive talks with the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/03/2013324114456241229.html)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
2. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
3. [European Union foreign ministers, gathered in Luxembourg to discuss the situation in Syria, release a statement urging Russia to stop its attacks in Syria and direct efforts towards a political solution. ](/news/2015/10/12/european-union-foreign-ministers-gathered-in-luxembourg-to-discuss-the-situation-in-syria-release-a-statement-urging-russia-to-stop-its-at.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War:The European Union is criticized by Amnesty International for meager assistance of Syrian refugees. ](/news/2013/12/13/syrian-civil-war-pthe-european-union-is-criticized-by-amnesty-international-for-meager-assistance-of-syrian-refugees.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
5. [The European Union lifts an oil trade embargo it imposed on Syria during the early stages of the civil war to help the finances of the opposition. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-european-union-lifts-an-oil-trade-embargo-it-imposed-on-syria-during-the-early-stages-of-the-civil-war-to-help-the-finances-of-the-oppos.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
6. [Syrian civil war:Ahmad Shihadeh, a member of the European Union's delegation in Syria, is killed in a rocket attack in a Damascus suburb. ](/news/2013/03/13/syrian-civil-war-pahmad-shihadeh-a-member-of-the-european-union-s-delegation-in-syria-is-killed-in-a-rocket-attack-in-a-damascus-suburb.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
7. [Syrian civil war:Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov confirms his country is working on mobilization plans to evacuate its citizens from Syria. In the statement, the Foreign Ministry acknowledges for the first time that the rebels might win as the Syrian government is losing control of more and more territory. ](/news/2012/12/13/syrian-civil-war-prussia-s-deputy-foreign-minister-mikhail-bogdanov-confirms-his-country-is-working-on-mobilization-plans-to-evacuate-its-ci.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian National Coalition_
8. [The EU imposes further sanctions on Belarus, Iran, and Syria, expresses support for Libya's National Transitional Council, and reiterates call for Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to step down. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-eu-imposes-further-sanctions-on-belarus-iran-and-syria-expresses-support-for-libya-s-national-transitional-council-and-reiterates-ca.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
9. [2011 Syrian uprising:The European Union imposes sanctions on 13 Syrian officials in response to a violent crackdown on protests in the country. ](/news/2011/05/10/2011-syrian-uprising-pthe-european-union-imposes-sanctions-on-13-syrian-officials-in-response-to-a-violent-crackdown-on-protests-in-the-coun.md) _Context: European Union, Syria_
10. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: European Union_
