### [2017-09-16](/news/2017/09/16/index.md)

# More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. 

More than 700 mayors from across Catalonia gathered in Barcelona on Saturday to confirm their support for a planned independence referendum that Madrid has declared illegal.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-spain-politics-catalonia/catalan-mayors-defy-spanish-courts-ahead-of-independence-vote-idUSKCN1BR0FW)
2. [The Scotsman](http://www.scotsman.com/news/scottish-government-release-statement-on-catalonia-referendum-1-4561960)
2. [Cover Image](https://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170916&t=2&i=1201688879&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED8F0ME)

### Related:

1. [Spanish police raid Catalan government offices and arrest Catalan officials as part of the effort to halt a banned referendum on independence. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says, "The Spanish state has by all rights intervened in Catalonia's government and has established emergency rule." ](/news/2017/09/20/spanish-police-raid-catalan-government-offices-and-arrest-catalan-officials-as-part-of-the-effort-to-halt-a-banned-referendum-on-independenc.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Catalan independence referendum, 2017, President, Spanish_
2. [The President of Catalonia vows to continue on with the vote despite objections from Spain. ](/news/2017/09/28/the-president-of-catalonia-vows-to-continue-on-with-the-vote-despite-objections-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, President, Spanish_
3. [The newly appointed President of Catalonia, Carles Puigdemont, vows to continue his predecessor Artur Mas i Gavarro's plans to secede from Spain within 18 months. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-newly-appointed-president-of-catalonia-carles-puigdemont-vows-to-continue-his-predecessor-artur-mas-i-gavarra3-s-plans-to-secede-from.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, President, Spanish_
4. [The government of Catalonia holds a public referendum on whether their region should gain independence from Spain, despite the Spanish courts and government declaring the vote illegal and deploying police to deter voters. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont says Catalonia "has won the right to become an independent state." ](/news/2017/10/1/the-government-of-catalonia-holds-a-public-referendum-on-whether-their-region-should-gain-independence-from-spain-despite-the-spanish-court.md) _Context: Carles Puigdemont, Spanish_
5. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Spanish_
6. [Spain's Guardia Civil raid private delivery offices in the Catalan city of Terrassa, searching for and confiscating envelopes suspected of containing voting cards for the upcoming Catalan independence referendum. ](/news/2017/09/19/spain-s-guardia-civil-raid-private-delivery-offices-in-the-catalan-city-of-terrassa-searching-for-and-confiscating-envelopes-suspected-of-c.md) _Context: Catalan independence referendum, 2017, Spanish_
7. [Around a million people rally in Barcelona to mark the National Day of Catalonia and to support the upcoming independence referendum on 1 October. ](/news/2017/09/11/around-a-million-people-rally-in-barcelona-to-mark-the-national-day-of-catalonia-and-to-support-the-upcoming-independence-referendum-on-1-oc.md) _Context: Barcelona, Catalan independence referendum, 2017_
8. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spanish_
9. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spanish_
10. [A Germanwings flight crashes en route from Barcelona, Spain, to Dusseldorf, Germany, in a mountainous region of the Alps near Digne-les-Bains in Southern France leaving 150 dead. Rescue workers recover the damaged, but still usable, cockpit voice recorder. ](/news/2015/03/24/a-germanwings-flight-crashes-en-route-from-barcelona-spain-to-da1-4sseldorf-germany-in-a-mountainous-region-of-the-alps-near-digne-les-bai.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spanish_
