### [2016-01-11](/news/2016/01/11/index.md)

# A U.S. airstrike destroys an ISIL money and payroll hub in central Mosul. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/11/politics/us-bombs-millions-isis-currency-supply/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ISIL confirms that U.S. forces killed its number two leader, Abu Mutaz al-Qurashi, in an airstrike near Mosul back in August. ](/news/2015/10/14/isil-confirms-that-u-s-forces-killed-its-number-two-leader-abu-mutaz-al-qurashi-in-an-airstrike-near-mosul-back-in-august.md) _Context: American, Mosul, U.S. airstrikes_
2. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: American, Mosul_
3. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: American, Mosul_
4. [A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. ](/news/2016/03/19/a-united-states-department-of-defense-official-says-a-u-s-soldier-was-killed-in-the-town-of-makhmur-erbil-governorate-by-a-rocket-fired-b.md) _Context: American, U.S. airstrikes_
5. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: American, U.S. airstrikes_
6. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi  to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: American, U.S. airstrikes_
7. [American-led airstrikes kill at least 180 Islamic State fighters while local Kurdish forces repel an assault by 300 heavily armed militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/17/american-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-180-islamic-state-fighters-while-local-kurdish-forcesa-repel-an-assault-by-300-heavily-armed-militant.md) _Context: American, U.S. airstrikes_
8. [A joint early-morning raid conducted by Iraqi and US forces on an IS-run prison in Hawija, Kirkuk Province has freed 70 hostages. One U.S. Delta Force soldier was reported killed - the first American combat death since the start of the US-led intervention against IS. ](/news/2015/10/22/a-joint-early-morning-raid-conducted-by-iraqi-and-us-forces-on-an-is-run-prison-in-hawija-kirkuk-province-has-freed-70-hostages-one-u-s-d.md) _Context: American, U.S. airstrikes_
9. [ Iraq's Police Service kills an Iraqi interpreter and injures at least three U.S. soldiers in Mosul. ](/news/2009/02/24/iraq-s-police-service-kills-an-iraqi-interpreter-and-injures-at-least-three-u-s-soldiers-in-mosul.md) _Context: American, Mosul_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: American, Mosul_
