### [2016-01-11](/news/2016/01/11/index.md)

# At least 51 people are reportedly killed in an attack on a shopping centre in Iraq's capital, Baghdad, and a car bombing outside an illegal casino in Miqdadiyah, east of Baghdad, with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claiming responsibility for both attacks. 

The Islamic State (IS) group says it targeted Shia Muslims at a Baghdad shopping centre, on a day of violence that claims nearly 40 lives.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35285605)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-violence-idUSKCN0UP1R420160111)
3. [AAP via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2016/01/12/least-48-killed-iraq-attacks-claimed)

### Related:

1. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south-of-baghdad-iraq-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-cla.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-responsibility-for-the-bombing.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the-family-of-an-anti-islamic-state-sunni-paramilitary-leader-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-five-people-and-wounding-six-police.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of-ar-rutbah-from-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-group.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [   At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present)_
10. [   At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014–present)_
