### [2016-01-11](/news/2016/01/11/index.md)

# In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Sportsfan](http://www.sportsfan.com.au/lionel-messi-wins-5th-world-player-award/tabid/91/newsid/185748/default.aspx?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+BigpondsportcomLatestNews+%28BigPondSport.com+Latest+News%29)

### Related:

1. [In association football, Lionel Messi of Argentina wins the 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or as the best player for a third consecutive time. Abby Wambach of the United States wins the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award, the first time in ten years that an American has won the award. ](/news/2013/01/7/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-argentina-wins-the-2012-fifa-ballon-d-or-as-the-best-player-for-a-third-consecutive-time-abby-wamb.md) _Context: Argentina, Lionel Messi, U.S. women’s national soccer team players, association football_
2. [In football, Argentinian Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona sets a new goal scoring record in La Liga of 253 goals. ](/news/2014/11/22/in-football-argentinian-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-sets-a-new-goal-scoring-record-in-la-liga-of-253-goals.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, association football_
3. [Lionel Messi extends his record streak by scoring in his 14th consecutive 2012-13 La Liga game to give leader Barcelona a 2-1 win against Granada. The Argentine forward completes his 300th goal during 365th appearance for Catalan club. ](/news/2013/02/16/lionel-messi-extends-his-record-streak-by-scoring-in-his-14th-consecutive-2012a13-la-liga-game-to-give-leader-barcelona-a-2a1-win-agains.md) _Context: Argentina, FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
4. [Lionel Messi breaks Gerd Muller's scoring record for a single European football season with a league hat-trick as Barcelona defeat Malaga. ](/news/2012/05/2/lionel-messi-breaks-gerd-ma1-4ller-s-scoring-record-for-a-single-european-football-season-with-a-league-hat-trick-as-barcelona-defeat-malaga.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, association football_
5. [FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi is widely hailed as the best footballer in the world after scoring four goals for the first time in his career in one UEFA Champions League game, including his fourth hat-trick of 2010. ](/news/2010/04/7/fc-barcelona-s-lionel-messi-is-widely-hailed-as-the-best-footballer-in-the-world-after-scoring-four-goals-for-the-first-time-in-his-career-i.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, association football_
6. [In football, Chile wins the Copa America, defeating Argentina in a penalty shootout after regular time and extra time end scoreless. ](/news/2016/06/26/in-football-chile-wins-the-copa-ama-c-rica-defeating-argentina-in-a-penalty-shootout-after-regular-time-and-extra-time-end-scoreless.md) _Context: Argentina, association football_
7. [In football, FC Barcelona wins La Liga for the 24th time. It is FC Barcelona's second straight title and sixth in the last eight years. ](/news/2016/05/14/in-football-fc-barcelona-wins-la-liga-for-the-24th-time-it-is-fc-barcelona-s-second-straight-title-and-sixth-in-the-last-eight-years.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, association football_
8. [Days after his hat-trick broke the Primera Division's 59-year goal-scoring record, Barcelona striker Lionel Messi scores another hat-trick in Nicosia to become the UEFA Champions League all-time top scorer. ](/news/2014/11/25/days-after-his-hat-trick-broke-the-primera-divisia3n-s-59-year-goal-scoring-record-barcelona-striker-lionel-messi-scores-another-hat-trick.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
9. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
10. [In football, Abby Wambach of the USA breaks the international record for career goals by scoring four goals against South Korea in a friendly match played in Harrison, New Jersey. Wambach's career total stands at 160, passing the 158 of fellow American Mia Hamm. ](/news/2013/06/20/in-football-abby-wambach-of-the-usa-breaks-the-international-record-for-career-goals-by-scoring-four-goals-against-south-korea-in-a-friendl.md) _Context: U.S. women’s national soccer team players, association football_
