### [2016-01-11](/news/2016/01/11/index.md)

# Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3393543/Two-Pakistanis-Syrian-man-injured-gang-attacks-Cologne.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian child refugees previously settled in the Calais jungle legally immigrate into England. ](/news/2016/10/15/syrian-child-refugees-previously-settled-in-the-calais-jungle-legally-immigrate-into-england.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
2. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
4. [German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planning-terror-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Cologne, Syria_
5. [The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-criticism-of-his-handling-of-violent-clashes-and-s.md) _Context: Cologne, New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany_
6. [German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appearance-who-committed-sexual-assaults-on-wome.md) _Context: Cologne, New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany_
7. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
8. [The U.S. Health and Human Services Department's Office of Refugee Resettlement notifies all 50 states that if they deny services to any group of refugees, states may risk losing resettlement funding altogether. More than half of the nation's governors have said they will not accept Syrian refugees in their states. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-u-s-health-and-human-services-departmentas-office-of-refugee-resettlement-notifies-all-50-states-that-if-they-deny-services-to-any-gr.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
9. [Using social media, Russian investigative bloggers from the Conflict Intelligence Team photo-geolocate three Russian military personnel outside expected air support operations areas -- evidence of what the group says may be a broader Russian military role in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/9/using-social-media-russian-investigative-bloggers-from-the-conflict-intelligence-team-photo-geolocate-three-russian-military-personnel-outs.md) _Context: Syria, social media_
10. [Spain's interior minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz says the first of more than 1,400 refugees from Syria and Eritrea are being welcomed for resettlement in new homes across the country. ](/news/2015/11/8/spain-s-interior-minister-jorge-ferna-ndez-daaz-says-the-first-of-more-than-1-400-refugees-from-syria-and-eritrea-are-being-welcomed-for-re.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
