### [2003-11-24](/news/2003/11/24/index.md)

#  A fire in a student hostel at Moscow's Patrice Lumumba University kills 32 and injures about 150 people, all foreign students. The fire services blame an electrical fault.




### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Moscow_
2. [Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russia-after-t.md) _Context: Moscow_
3. [Hundreds of people are detained at anti-corruption protest rallies in Moscow and St. Petersburg and many other towns, including opposition leader Alexei Navalny. ](/news/2017/06/12/hundreds-of-people-are-detained-at-anti-corruption-protest-rallies-in-moscow-and-st-petersburg-and-many-other-towns-including-opposition-l.md) _Context: Moscow_
4. [At least 11 people are killed and 69 are injured as a severe thunderstorm hits Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2017/05/29/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-69-are-injured-as-a-severe-thunderstorm-hits-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Moscow_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Moscow_
6. [Moscow police detain five protesters after they attempted to deliver a petition to investigate the status of LGBT rights in Chechnya to the Prosecutor General of Russia. ](/news/2017/05/11/moscow-police-detain-five-protesters-after-they-attempted-to-deliver-a-petition-to-investigate-the-status-of-lgbt-rights-in-chechnya-to-the.md) _Context: Moscow_
7. [Severe clear-air turbulence on an Aeroflot flight from Sheremetyevo International Airport, Moscow to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, subjects 27 passengers to injuries including bone fractures. ](/news/2017/05/1/severe-clear-air-turbulence-on-an-aeroflot-flight-from-sheremetyevo-international-airport-moscow-to-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-subjects.md) _Context: Moscow_
8. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow_
9. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching [?]30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10 in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-a30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Moscow_
10. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Moscow_
