### [2003-02-27](/news/2003/02/27/index.md)

#  Ariel Sharon presents the new politically right-wing Israeli government. Part of his coalition are Sharon's Likud bloc, the National Religious Party, the National Union and Tommy Lapid's secular Shinui party. 




### Related:

1. [ Four former heads of Israel's internal security criticise the policies of the right wing Likud-led government of Ariel Sharon towards Palestinians and say the policies if not changed would see Israel "headed for (an) abyss". The four headed the security services for two decades between 1980 and 2000.](/news/2003/11/14/four-former-heads-of-israel-s-internal-security-criticise-the-policies-of-the-right-wing-likud-led-government-of-ariel-sharon-towards-pales.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Likud, right-wing_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ends the Likud-led coalition after he fires ministers from the secular Shinui party, which voted to defeat the annual budget over subsidies to religious parties. ](/news/2004/12/1/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-ends-the-likud-led-coalition-after-he-fires-ministers-from-the-secular-shinui-party-which-voted-to-defe.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud, Shinui_
3. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, right-wing_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, four former heads of Shin Bet say Israel is heading for disaster unless Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's right-wing government changes its policies with regard to the Palestinians and begins negotiations. Ministers accuse the former security heads of creating a controversy for political reasons.](/news/2003/11/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-four-former-heads-of-shin-bet-say-israel-is-heading-for-disaster-unless-prime-minister-ariel-sharo.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, right-wing_
5. [Israeli Vice Prime Minister Silvan Shalom (Likud party) resigns because of allegations he sexually harassed several women during his career. Israel's attorney general has started an investigation of Shalom, who also resigned his Interior Minister position and Knesset seat. ](/news/2015/12/21/israeli-vice-prime-minister-silvan-shalom-likud-party-resigns-because-of-allegations-he-sexually-harassed-several-women-during-his-career.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
6. [The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. ](/news/2014/07/7/the-alliance-between-the-israel-s-right-wing-parties-likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-is-dissolved-reducing-the-ruling-party-s-share-of-seats-in.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
8. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
9. [ Likud Party Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu is inaugurated as Prime Minister of Israel. ](/news/2009/03/31/likud-party-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-is-inaugurated-as-prime-minister-of-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
10. [ Israeli President Shimon Peres selects Likud Chairman Benjamin Netanyahu to form the country's next government. ](/news/2009/02/20/israeli-president-shimon-peres-selects-likud-chairman-benjamin-netanyahu-to-form-the-country-s-next-government.md) _Context: Israel, Likud_
