### [2003-02-27](/news/2003/02/27/index.md)

#  Iraq crisis of 2003: Regarding the disarmament of Iraq, the chief weapons inspector Hans Blix, says "The results in terms of disarmament have been very limited so far."




### Related:

1. [ Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. ](/news/2005/05/9/hans-blix-former-united-nations-chief-arms-inspector-suggests-that-iran-and-israel-could-support-a-ban-of-uranium-enrichment-in-the-middl.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
2. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: Hans Blix reports to the UN Security Council citing Iraq's increased but qualified cooperation.](/news/2003/03/7/iraq-disarmament-crisis-hans-blix-reports-to-the-un-security-council-citing-iraq-s-increased-but-qualified-cooperation.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
3. [ The chief United Nations arms inspector Hans Blix said Iraq appeared to be making fresh efforts to cooperate with U.N. teams hunting weapons of mass destruction, as Washington said the "momentum is building" for war with Iraq.](/news/2003/02/7/the-chief-united-nations-arms-inspector-hans-blix-said-iraq-appeared-to-be-making-fresh-efforts-to-cooperate-with-u-n-teams-hunting-weapon.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
4. [ At the United Nations US Secretary of State Colin Powell presents the US government's case against the Saddam Hussein government of Iraq, as part of the diplomatic side of the U.S. plan to invade Iraq. The presentation includes tape recordings, satellite photographs and other intelligence data, and aims to prove WMD production, evasion of weapons inspections and a link to Al-Qaida.](/news/2003/02/5/at-the-united-nations-us-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-presents-the-us-government-s-case-against-the-saddam-hussein-government-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: disarmament of Iraq_
5. [ Iraq crisis of 2003: Iraq begins the process of destroying Al Samoud two missiles on March 1. Hans Blix, U.N. chief weapons inspector said "It is a very significant piece of real disarmament". However, the spokesman of the White House, Ari Fleischer declared that the Iraq commitment to destroy these missiles is a fraud that President George W. Bush had predicted, and indicated that the United States wanted a total and complete disarmament of Iraq. He also repeated that if the United Nations did not act to disarm Baghdad, the United States would lead a coalition of voluntary countries to disarm Saddam Hussein.](/news/2003/02/28/iraq-crisis-of-2003-iraq-begins-the-process-of-destroying-al-samoud-two-missiles-on-march-1-hans-blix-u-n-chief-weapons-inspector-said.md) _Context: Iraq crisis of 2003_
6. [ UNMOVIC chief weapons inspectors Hans Blix and Mohamed ElBaradei presented a report to the United Nations Security Council. They stated that the Iraqis had been co-operating well with the inspectors and that no weapons of mass destruction had been found, but that the Saddam Hussein regime had still to account for many banned weapons believed to have been in his arsenal. Mr Blix also expressed doubts about some of the conclusions in Colin Powell's Security Council presentation of February 5, and specifically questioned the significance of some of the photographic evidence that Mr Powell had presented.](/news/2003/02/14/unmovic-chief-weapons-inspectors-hans-blix-and-mohamed-elbaradei-presented-a-report-to-the-united-nations-security-council-they-stated-tha.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
7. [ UN Chief Weapons Inspector Hans Blix and International Atomic Energy Agency head Mohammed El Baradei give a report to the United Nations Security Council. They say that progress on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq is "inching forward" but that a more "pro-active" stance is required from the Iraqi government.](/news/2003/01/9/un-chief-weapons-inspector-hans-blix-and-international-atomic-energy-agency-head-mohammed-el-baradei-give-a-report-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
8. [ Speaking to the United Nations Security Council, Iraqi Foreign Minister Naji Sabri said that the United States and its allies are "unjustifiably aggressive" and that Iraq is complying fully with requests made by the UN weapons inspectors. Speaking to the same forum, Hans Blix, the chief inspector, later said that Iraq had not been fully co-operative with the United Nations inspection teams.](/news/2003/01/27/speaking-to-the-united-nations-security-council-iraqi-foreign-minister-naji-sabri-said-that-the-united-states-and-its-allies-are-unjustif.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
9. [ UN weapons inspectors in Iraq stated that they found empty rocket warheads, designed to carry chemical warfare agents, at the Ukhaider Ammunition Storage Area.](/news/2003/01/16/un-weapons-inspectors-in-iraq-stated-that-they-found-empty-rocket-warheads-designed-to-carry-chemical-warfare-agents-at-the-ukhaider-ammu.md) _Context: weapons inspector_
10. [ Hans Blix assumes the position of Executive Chairman of UNMOVIC.](/news/2000/03/1/hans-blix-assumes-the-position-of-executive-chairman-of-unmovic.md) _Context: Hans Blix_
