### [2003-02-27](/news/2003/02/27/index.md)

#  Rowan Williams is enthroned as Archbishop of Canterbury.




### Related:

1. [The current Bishop of Durham Justin Welby is officially named as the next Archbishop of Canterbury, the leader of the Anglican Church. He will succeed the present incumbent, Rowan Williams, who is set to retire in December. ](/news/2012/11/9/the-current-bishop-of-durham-justin-welby-is-officially-named-as-the-next-archbishop-of-canterbury-the-leader-of-the-anglican-church-he-wi.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
2. [Dr. Rowan Williams announces his intention to retire as Archbishop of Canterbury at the end of the year. Having headed the Anglican Church since 2003, he will subsequently take up the role as Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge. ](/news/2012/03/16/dr-rowan-williams-announces-his-intention-to-retire-as-archbishop-of-canterbury-at-the-end-of-the-year-having-headed-the-anglican-church-s.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
3. [Clarence House confirms that Prince William and Catherine Middleton will be married by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams. ](/news/2011/01/5/clarence-house-confirms-that-prince-william-and-catherine-middleton-will-be-married-by-the-archbishop-of-canterbury-dr-rowan-williams.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
4. [ Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams and Pope Benedict XVI agree to "seek closer relations" in a meeting in Rome. ](/news/2009/11/21/archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-and-pope-benedict-xvi-agree-to-seek-closer-relations-in-a-meeting-in-rome.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
5. [ Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican community, declines to invite gay Bishop of New Hampshire Gene Robinson and unrecognized conservative Bishop Martyn Minns of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America to the 2008 Lambeth Conference. ](/news/2007/05/22/rowan-williams-archbishop-of-canterbury-and-spiritual-head-of-the-anglican-community-declines-to-invite-gay-bishop-of-new-hampshire-gene.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
6. [ The Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the leader of the world-wide Anglican Communion, is challenged to rethink his personal stance on the ordination of gay clergy in the light of scripture by nearly half of all the Anglican Primates. ](/news/2005/11/17/the-archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-the-leader-of-the-world-wide-anglican-communion-is-challenged-to-rethink-his-personal-stance.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
7. [Justin Welby is formally enthroned as the new Archbishop of Canterbury. ](/news/2013/03/21/justin-welby-is-formally-enthroned-as-the-new-archbishop-of-canterbury.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury_
8. [ Lord Carey, former Archbishop of Canterbury, says that Islam is authoritarian, inflexible and under-achieving; and that Muslim countries have contributed little of major significance to the world's culture for centuries, at the same time stating that most Muslims are peace loving people who should not be demonized. He, however, denounces moderates for not unequivocally denouncing the "evil" of suicide bombers. Critics said his critique of Islamic culture amounted to an "attack". ](/news/2004/03/26/lord-carey-former-archbishop-of-canterbury-says-that-islam-is-authoritarian-inflexible-and-under-achieving-and-that-muslim-countries-ha.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury_
