### [2003-02-27](/news/2003/02/27/index.md)

#  Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.




### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, George W. Bush_
3. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Iraq, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
5. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States Secretary of State_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush accepts the resignation of Secretary of State Colin Powell. He is the sixth Cabinet member to resign since the re-election of President Bush. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/15/powell/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4013621.stm (BBC)]. Other resignations today include Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6816327 (Reuters)], Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6815887 (Reuters)] and Education Secretary Rod Paige.](/news/2004/11/15/u-s-president-george-w-bush-accepts-the-resignation-of-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-he-is-the-sixth-cabinet-member-to-resign-since-th.md) _Context: Colin Powell, George W. Bush, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". ](/news/2004/10/5/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-when-asked-about-connections-between-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-in-an-interview-with-t.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, Iraq_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell says, in an interview on the ABC television interview program "This Week," that the insurgency in Iraq is worsening, and that the aim of the insurgents is to disrupt the upcoming elections. ](/news/2004/09/26/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-in-an-interview-on-the-abc-television-interview-program-this-week-that-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Iraq, United States Secretary of State_
9. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Iraq, United States Secretary of State_
10. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld, George W. Bush, Iraq_
