### [2005-08-16](/news/2005/08/16/index.md)

#  ITN news announces it has uncovered classified documents which seem to imply that Jean Charles de Menezes, the man shot dead by British Police on July 22, 2005, was not wearing a heavy coat, did not jump the ticket barrier, was not given a warning, and did not at any time flee from police. 




### Source:

1. [ITN](http://www.itn.co.uk/news/1677571.html)

### Related:

1. [ British police admit that the man killed yesterday by undercover officers had no connection to the suicide bombings or attempted bombings of previous days and weeks. Metropolitan Police has described the killing as a "tragedy". The victim, Jean Charles de Menezes, 27, was Brazilian. ](/news/2005/07/23/british-police-admit-that-the-man-killed-yesterday-by-undercover-officers-had-no-connection-to-the-suicide-bombings-or-attempted-bombings-o.md) _Context: British Police, Jean Charles de Menezes_
2. [ The family of Jean Charles de Menezes, who was mistakenly shot dead by the Metropolitan Police in London in 2005, reach a compensation deal with police, resolving "all litigation" between them. ](/news/2009/11/23/the-family-of-jean-charles-de-menezes-who-was-mistakenly-shot-dead-by-the-metropolitan-police-in-london-in-2005-reach-a-compensation-deal.md) _Context: Jean Charles de Menezes_
3. [ The London Metropolitan Police is found guilty of violations of Health and Safety law over the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes on the London Underground in July 2005, and is fined GBP175,000 and ordered to pay GBP385,000 in legal costs. ](/news/2007/11/1/the-london-metropolitan-police-is-found-guilty-of-violations-of-health-and-safety-law-over-the-shooting-of-jean-charles-de-menezes-on-the-l.md) _Context: Jean Charles de Menezes_
4. [ Iraq War:. A coroner has recorded a verdict of unlawful killing on ITN reporter Terry Lloyd, who was shot dead by US forces in southern Iraq in March 2003. ](/news/2006/10/13/iraq-war-a-coroner-has-recorded-a-verdict-of-unlawful-killing-on-itn-reporter-terry-lloyd-who-was-shot-dead-by-us-forces-in-southern-ira.md) _Context: ITN_
5. [ In the United Kingdom, the Crown Prosecution Service announce that police officers involved in the fatal shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes in the aftermath of the attempted bombings of London on July 21, 2005 will not face criminal charges, although the Metropolitan Police Service is to be prosecuted under the Health and Safety at Work Act. ](/news/2006/07/17/in-the-united-kingdom-the-crown-prosecution-service-announce-that-police-officers-involved-in-the-fatal-shooting-of-jean-charles-de-meneze.md) _Context: Jean Charles de Menezes_
6. [ The family of Jean Charles de Menezes arrives in London looking for justice. The innocent Brazilian was shot six times by police exercising a shoot-to-kill policy. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Ian Blair has offered his personal apology for the killing, but this has been rejected by the family. ](/news/2005/09/29/the-family-of-jean-charles-de-menezes-arrives-in-london-looking-for-justice-the-innocent-brazilian-was-shot-six-times-by-police-exercising.md) _Context: Jean Charles de Menezes_
7. [ British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy:. The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4720979.stm (BBC)]. Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]](/news/2005/07/27/british-shoot-to-kill-police-policy-the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-th.md) _Context: British Police_
8. [ A South Asian-looking man, suspected of being an attempted suicide bomber, having been chased by plainclothes police has been reportedly pinned to the ground then shot five times at Stockwell tube station in London, and has been confirmed dead by the police. (Wikinews), [http://www.guardian.co.uk/attackonlondon/story/0,16132,1534138,00.html (the Guardian)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4706787.stm (BBC)] [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/07/22/london.tube/index.html (CNN)] [http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1189920,00.html (Sky)]. The man was actually an innocent Brazilian killed without cause.](/news/2005/07/22/a-south-asian-looking-man-suspected-of-being-an-attempted-suicide-bomber-having-been-chased-by-plainclothes-police-has-been-reportedly-pi.md) _Context: British Police_
9. [ British Airways flight 175 from London to New York is turned back by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration, who claim a passenger's name matches a suspected Moroccan terrorist. The passenger is questioned for two hours by British police and then released. The other 239 passengers resume their journeys nine hours late. ](/news/2005/01/12/british-airways-flight-175-from-london-to-new-york-is-turned-back-by-the-u-s-transportation-security-administration-who-claim-a-passenger.md) _Context: British Police_
