### [2009-03-23](/news/2009/03/23/index.md)

#  A suicide attack kills one person and injures three others in Islamabad, Pakistan. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Pakistan-Explosion-Blast-In-Capital-Islamabad-According-To-Reports/Article/200903415247468?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_0&lid=ARTICLE_15247468_Pakistan_Explosion%3A_Blast_In_Capital_Islamabad_According_To_Reports)

### Related:

1. [ Six Frontier Corpsmen are killed during a suicide attack in Islamabad, Pakistan. ](/news/2009/04/4/six-frontier-corpsmen-are-killed-during-a-suicide-attack-in-islamabad-pakistan.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, suicide bombing_
2. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
3. [Taliban insurgency. The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
4. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
5. [Taliban insurgency. Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
6. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan. A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: Pakistan, suicide bombing_
8. [Pakistan unrest. Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
9. [A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a military vehicle in Islamabad, Pakistan, killing 5 people. ](/news/2014/06/4/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-his-explosives-near-a-military-vehicle-in-islamabad-pakistan-killing-5-people.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
10. [A bomb blast in a market kills 26 people in the outskirts of the Pakistani capital Islamabad. ](/news/2014/04/9/a-bomb-blast-in-a-market-kills-26-people-in-the-outskirts-of-the-pakistani-capital-islamabad.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
