### [2004-09-28](/news/2004/09/28/index.md)

#  Giovanni di Stefano, the lawyer of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, tells the Danish newspaper "B.T." that Hussein plans to run as a candidate in the Iraqi elections scheduled for January 2005. A recent Gallup poll indicated that 42 percent of the Iraqi people want their former leader back. 




### Source:

1. [Zaman, Turkey](http://www.zaman.org/?bl=international&alt=&trh=20040921&hn=12424)

### Related:

1. [ Saddam Hussein's chief lawyer, Khalil al-Duleimi, walks out of court after 12 of his requests were rejected, but the chief judge immediately appoints other attorneys to defend the deposed President of Iraq. ](/news/2006/10/30/saddam-hussein-s-chief-lawyer-khalil-al-duleimi-walks-out-of-court-after-12-of-his-requests-were-rejected-but-the-chief-judge-immediatel.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein tells the court during the latest session of his trial that he and his seven co-accused are on hunger strike to protest at their treatment. ](/news/2006/02/14/former-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-tells-the-court-during-the-latest-session-of-his-trial-that-he-and-his-seven-co-accused-are-on-hunger.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Deposed Iraq president Saddam Hussein has refused to attend his trial for crimes against humanity, throwing the sometimes chaotic Iraqi proceedings into further confusion. ](/news/2005/12/6/deposed-iraq-president-saddam-hussein-has-refused-to-attend-his-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-throwing-the-sometimes-chaotic-iraqi-pro.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ The former President of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, claims in court that American officials tortured him. Part of his testimony is censored and the US strongly denies the accusations. ](/news/2005/12/21/the-former-president-of-iraq-saddam-hussein-claims-in-court-that-american-officials-tortured-him-part-of-his-testimony-is-censored-and-t.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Saddam Hussein goes on trial in Baghdad for crimes against humanity. The former President of Iraq is led into court with seven associates, charged with ordering the killing of 143 Shi'a men in the town of Dujail in 1982. If convicted, Hussein could face capital punishment. ](/news/2005/10/19/saddam-hussein-goes-on-trial-in-baghdad-for-crimes-against-humanity-the-former-president-of-iraq-is-led-into-court-with-seven-associates.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Lawyers for the former President of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, claim he was attacked by an unidentified man after questioning by the Iraqi special tribunal on Thursday; however the United States denies the event. ](/news/2005/07/30/lawyers-for-the-former-president-of-iraq-saddam-hussein-claim-he-was-attacked-by-an-unidentified-man-after-questioning-by-the-iraqi-speci.md) _Context: President, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Gallup poll, Saddam Hussein_
9. [Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki withdraws both his candidacy and his complaint against President Fuad Masum for allegedly violating the Iraqi constitution. ](/news/2014/08/14/prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-withdraws-both-his-candidacy-and-his-complaint-against-president-fuad-masum-for-allegedly-violating-the-iraqi.md) _Context: President_
10. [Iraq's embattled Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says that he will file a legal complaint against President Fuad Masum for opposing Maliki's reappointment. ](/news/2014/08/11/iraq-s-embattled-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-says-that-he-will-file-a-legal-complaint-against-president-fuad-masum-for-opposing-maliki-s.md) _Context: President_
