### [2004-09-28](/news/2004/09/28/index.md)

#  Republic of China foreign minister Mark Chen calls Singapore "the size of a piece of snot" after Singaporean foreign minister George Yeo declared opposition to Taiwan independence. He later apologized for his "improper wording". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3697244.stm)
2. [China Post](http://www.chinapost.com.tw/i_latestdetail.asp?id=22940)

### Related:

1. [Taiwan and Singapore agree to hold talks on a free trade deal. ](/news/2010/08/5/taiwan-and-singapore-agree-to-hold-talks-on-a-free-trade-deal.md) _Context: Singapore, Taiwan_
2. [ Singapore Foreign Minister George Yeo meets his Myanmar counterpart, Nyan Win, in Yangon, where the ministers are discussing bilateral cooperation and cultural exchanges. ](/news/2007/04/2/singapore-foreign-minister-george-yeo-meets-his-myanmar-counterpart-nyan-win-in-yangon-where-the-ministers-are-discussing-bilateral-coop.md) _Context: George Yeo, Singapore_
3. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
4. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
5. [ The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China criticizes Chen Shui-bian's recent suggestion that "Taiwan" is the best abbreviation for the Republic of China, characterizing it as an attempt to promote Taiwan independence. ](/news/2004/09/3/the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-the-state-council-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-criticizes-chen-shui-bian-s-recent-suggestion-that-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
6. [ Singapore's new Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, hoping to quell Beijing's fury over his July 10-12 visit to Taiwan, says that he will not support the island if the People's Republic of China attacks it in retaliation for any push for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2004/08/22/singapore-s-new-prime-minister-lee-hsien-loong-hoping-to-quell-beijing-s-fury-over-his-july-10a12-visit-to-taiwan-says-that-he-will-not.md) _Context: Singapore, independence_
7. [ The Taiwan (ROC)'s pro-independence president, Chen Shui-bian, states that Taiwan may eventually reunify with Mainland China. Nonetheless, Chen rejects the People's Republic of China's "one country, two systems" formula which was applied to Hong Kong and Macau. This is a new step for Chen who, shortly after taking office in 2000, had said unification was just one option--comments widely seen as a push for independence for the island. ](/news/2004/02/16/the-taiwan-roc-s-pro-independence-president-chen-shui-bian-states-that-taiwan-may-eventually-reunify-with-mainland-china-nonetheless.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
8. [ Following the detection of BSE in a Mabton, Washington cow, several countries (including Japan, Russia, Singapore, Taiwan, and Hong Kong) announce a ban on the importation of U.S. beef. ](/news/2003/12/24/following-the-detection-of-bse-in-a-mabton-washington-cow-several-countries-including-japan-russia-singapore-taiwan-and-hong-kong-a.md) _Context: Singapore, Taiwan_
9. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
10. [ ROC referendum, 2004: In Taiwan, a referendum bill written by majority pro-Chinese reunification pan-blue coalition legislators, is passed by the Legislative Yuan. The move is met by opposition from the People's Republic of China as it is seen as a possible route for declaring Taiwan independence, even though the bill blocks referendums on sovereignty issue and changing the official name of the Republic of China.](/news/2003/11/28/roc-referendum-2004-in-taiwan-a-referendum-bill-written-by-majority-pro-chinese-reunification-pan-blue-coalition-legislators-is-passed.md) _Context: Taiwan, independence_
