### [2012-03-18](/news/2012/03/18/index.md)

# Two hospital nurses are arrested in the Uruguayan capital Montevideo in connection with the suspicious death of dozens of patients over several years at two hospitals. 




### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://worldnews.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/03/18/10744835-2-nurses-held-in-dozens-of-patient-deaths-in-uruguay)

### Related:

1. [Italian fugitive and 'Ndrangheta member Rocco Morabito is arrested in Montevideo, Uruguay, after 23 years on the run. He is now expected to be extradited to Italy in the coming months. ](/news/2017/09/4/italian-fugitive-and-ndrangheta-member-rocco-morabito-is-arrested-in-montevideo-uruguay-after-23-years-on-the-run-he-is-now-expected-to.md) _Context: Montevideo, Uruguay_
2. [ In Montevideo, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and President of Uruguay Tabare Vazquez sign a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations. ](/news/2009/08/14/in-montevideo-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-president-of-uruguay-tabara-c-va-zquez-sign-a-strategic-association-accord-to-streng.md) _Context: Montevideo, Uruguay_
3. [Authorities cannot contact the South Korean cargo freighter "Stellar Daisy". It is believed that the ship sunk off the coast of Uruguay. ](/news/2017/04/1/authorities-cannot-contact-the-south-korean-cargo-freighter-stellar-daisy-it-is-believed-that-the-ship-sunk-off-the-coast-of-uruguay.md) _Context: Uruguay_
4. [Violent storms cause floods across Uruguay with seven people killed and more than 2,000 left homeless. Four of those were killed by a tornado that struck Dolores. Four million people in the Chilean capital of Santiago were left without tap water as heavy rains triggered landslides. This led to the fouling of the city's water supply. ](/news/2016/04/18/violent-storms-cause-floods-across-uruguay-with-seven-people-killed-and-more-than-2-000-left-homeless-four-of-those-were-killed-by-a-tornad.md) _Context: Uruguay_
5. [A tornado hits the Uruguayan town of Dolores resulting in at least four deaths and seven injuries. ](/news/2016/04/15/a-tornado-hits-the-uruguayan-town-of-dolores-resulting-in-at-least-four-deaths-and-seven-injuries.md) _Context: Uruguay_
6. [The earthquake death toll rises to 116. Tainan's disaster response office says search and rescue operations have ended. The last body was found yesterday. Ninety-six, of the 289 people rescued, remain hospitalized. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-earthquake-death-toll-rises-to-116-tainan-s-disaster-response-office-says-search-and-rescue-operations-have-ended-the-last-body-was-fo.md) _Context: hospital_
7. [Uruguay's National Emergencies System reports two people have died in flooding from heavy rains in its northern provinces, and almost 5,500 have been evacuated. The Uruguay River has risen close to three meters over safe levels in Paysandu, and almost four meters (13 feet) in Salto. ](/news/2015/12/24/uruguay-s-national-emergencies-system-reports-two-people-have-died-in-flooding-from-heavy-rains-in-its-northern-provinces-and-almost-5-500.md) _Context: Uruguay_
8. [Martin Shkreli's Turing Pharmaceuticals is reneging on its pledge to cut the $750-per-pill price for Daraprim, a medication that has been marketed for 62 years. Instead, the biotech company is reducing what it charges hospitals, by up to 50 percent, for this parasitic infection treatment. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a pharmacy that compounds prescription drugs for individual patients, started selling a custom-made version of Pyrimethamine, the chemical name for Daraprim, for 99 cents per capsule. Impris reports orders are pouring in from doctors. ](/news/2015/11/26/martin-shkreli-s-turing-pharmaceuticals-is-reneging-on-its-pledge-to-cut-the-750-per-pill-price-for-daraprim-a-medication-that-has-been-ma.md) _Context: hospital_
9. [ Egypt, Senegal, Uruguay, Japan, and Ukraine are elected to two-year, non-permanent seats on the United Nations Security Council for 2016-17, replacing Chad, Chile, Jordan, Lithuania, and Nigeria. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/16/world/ukraine-and-japan-among-latest-members-of-un-security-council.html?ref=world (New York Times) ] ](/news/2015/10/15/egypt-senegal-uruguay-japan-and-ukraine-are-elected-to-two-year-non-permanent-seats-on-the-united-nations-security-council-for-2016-17.md) _Context: Uruguay_
10. [The Obama administration orders the transfer of six prisoners from Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Uruguay, the largest single group of detainees to be released in five years and the first to be resettled in South America. ](/news/2014/12/7/the-obama-administration-orders-the-transfer-of-six-prisoners-from-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-uruguay-the-largest-single-group-of-det.md) _Context: Uruguay_
