### [2011-05-24](/news/2011/05/24/index.md)

# A delegation from the United States arrives in the North Korean capital Pyongyang to assess the food shortage in the country. 

A U.S. delegation will travel to North Korea on Tuesday for a four-day trip to assess the food situation in the reclusive nation.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/05/24/north.korea.us.delegation/)
2. [Radio Television Hong Kong](http://rthk.hk/rthk/news/englishnews/20110524/news_20110524_56_757553.htm)

### Related:

1. [China-North Korea relations. Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, United States_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, United States_
3. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, United States_
4. [ Former United States President Bill Clinton arrives in Pyongyang, North Korea, and secures the freedom of two detained American journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee. ](/news/2009/08/4/former-united-states-president-bill-clinton-arrives-in-pyongyang-north-korea-and-secures-the-freedom-of-two-detained-american-journalists.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, United States_
5. [North Korea-United States relations. American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
