### [2009-12-6](/news/2009/12/6/index.md)

#  Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom firmly warns newspaper editors in a letter to cease publication of personal pictures of the British Royal Family after years of being "hounded" by paparazzi. 

Queen Elizabeth wrote to editors over the issue of paparazzi photographers intruding on the royal family&#039;s privacy.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2009/12/06/2763307.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8397664.stm)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and senior royals at the start of a three-day state visit to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2011/05/24/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-prince-philip-duke-of-edinburgh-and-senior-royals-at-the-start-of-a-three-day-stat.md) _Context: Britain, British Royal Family_
2. [ Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom celebrates her 83rd birthday at Trooping the Colour. ](/news/2009/06/13/queen-elizabeth-ii-of-the-united-kingdom-celebrates-her-83rd-birthday-at-trooping-the-colour.md) _Context: Britain, Queen Elizabeth_
3. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Britain, Queen Elizabeth_
4. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces that HRH Prince Harry of the British Royal Family will not be deployed to Iraq as originally planned, due to the security risks to both himself and his regiment the Blues and Royals. ](/news/2007/05/16/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-hrh-prince-harry-of-the-british-royal-family-will-not-be-deployed-to-iraq-as-origin.md) _Context: Britain, British Royal Family_
5. [ In the United Kingdom, the ''News of the World'' newspaper's royal editor Clive Goodman pleads guilty to conspiring to intercept the voicemail messages of Princes William and Harry. ](/news/2006/11/29/in-the-united-kingdom-the-news-of-the-world-newspaper-s-royal-editor-clive-goodman-pleads-guilty-to-conspiring-to-intercept-the-voicem.md) _Context: Britain, British Royal Family_
6. [ The Dresden Frauenkirche (Church of Our Lady), a Protestant Church in Dresden, Germany is re-consecrated. The church was destroyed during the bombing of Dresden in World War II. The remains of the church had been left untouched by the government of East Germany as an anti-war monument. Some 60,000 people celebrated the reopening. Both Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and German President Horst Khler said that the rebuilding was a 'symbol of reconciliation'. ](/news/2005/10/30/the-dresden-frauenkirche-church-of-our-lady-a-protestant-church-in-dresden-germany-is-re-consecrated-the-church-was-destroyed-during-t.md) _Context: Britain, Queen Elizabeth_
7. [ A ceremony is held in Portsmouth, UK, to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Trafalgar; other events include the Queen Elizabeth II lighting one of many nationwide beacons. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-ceremony-is-held-in-portsmouth-uk-to-commemorate-the-200th-anniversary-of-the-battle-of-trafalgar-other-events-include-the-queen-eliza.md) _Context: Britain, Queen Elizabeth_
8. [Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave-in-britain.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-order-to-reduce-air-pollution.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [A United Kingdom court blocks a PS14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-aps14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
