### [2009-12-6](/news/2009/12/6/index.md)

#  The opposition Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan makes large gains in local elections against the Kuomintang. 

Taiwan News Online Taiwan News is one of the most widely visited English-language portals for news about Taiwan, offering the outside world a revealing look at all things Taiwan


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2009/12/200912642214102652.html)
2. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/taiwan/6742756/Taiwans-pro-China-movement-suffers-blow.html)
3. [Taiwan News](http://www.etaiwannews.com/etn/news_content.php?id=1125849&lang=eng_news&cate_img=logo_taiwan&cate_rss=TAIWAN_eng)

### Related:

1. [Taiwan's opposition Democratic Progressive Party wins all three seats in by-elections against the ruling Kuomintang. ](/news/2010/01/9/taiwan-s-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-wins-all-three-seats-in-by-elections-against-the-ruling-kuomintang.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
2. [ ROC local elections, 2005: Republic of China (Taiwan) opposition party Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) makes major gains in municipal elections, taking 14 of 23 mayor or county magistrate seats. Ruling Democratic Progressive Party takes six seats. People First Party and New Party each takes one seat, and an independent wins one seat. DPP chairman Su Tseng-chang resigns to take responsibility for his party's defeat. ](/news/2005/12/3/roc-local-elections-2005-republic-of-china-taiwan-opposition-party-kuomintang-chinese-nationalist-party-makes-major-gains-in-municipa.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
3. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
4. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
5. [Voters in the Republic of China go to the polls for the 2012 presidential election. Incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou ultimately wins re-election with 51% of the vote, defeating Democratic Progressive Party chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2012/01/14/voters-in-the-republic-of-china-go-to-the-polls-for-the-2012-presidential-election-incumbent-president-ma-ying-jeou-ultimately-wins-re-elec.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Taiwan_
6. [A gunman opens fire at a Kuomintang political rally in Taiwan; prominent member Sean Lien is shot in the face. ](/news/2010/11/26/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-kuomintang-political-rally-in-taiwan-prominent-member-sean-lien-is-shot-in-the-face.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
7. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
8. [ Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China calls for resumption of official talks between mainland China and Taiwan in a meeting with Wu Po-hsiung, the Chairman of Taiwan's ruling party the Kuomintang. ](/news/2008/05/29/hu-jintao-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-calls-for-resumption-of-official-talks-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-in-a-me.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
9. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
10. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
