### [2015-01-17](/news/2015/01/17/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/thousands-rally-in-chad-capital-to-support-army-move-against-boko-haram/articleshow/45923647.cms)

### Related:

1. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
2. [Boko Haram. Chadian soldiers kill over 200 Boko Haram fighters in a clash near the town of Garambu, close to Nigeria's border with Cameroon. One Chad Army soldier is killed and nine wounded. ](/news/2015/02/24/boko-haram-chadian-soldiers-kill-over-200-boko-haram-fighters-in-a-clash-near-the-town-of-garambu-close-to-nigeria-s-border-with-cameroon.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency. Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
4. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Chadian troops rescue 85 hostages from Boko Haram who had been kidnapped in Nigeria and taken over the border into Chad. ](/news/2014/08/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-chadian-troops-rescue-85-hostages-from-boko-haram-who-had-been-kidnapped-in-nigeria-and-taken-over-the-bord.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
5. [Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon, Benin, and Chad join together to combat Boko Haram. ](/news/2014/05/17/nigeria-niger-cameroon-benin-and-chad-join-together-to-combat-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Chad, Nigeria_
6. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
7. [2015 West African offensive. Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Cameroon-s army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country-s defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-west-african-offensive-islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-cameroon-s-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-memb.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
8. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
9. [Boko Haram insurgency in Cameroon. At least eight people are killed following a suicide bomb attack in northern Cameroon's Sangueleri region near the Nigerian border. Boko Haram have previously carried out attacks in the region. ](/news/2015/10/11/boko-haram-insurgency-in-cameroon-at-least-eight-people-are-killed-following-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-northern-cameroon-s-sangueleri-region.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Nigeria_
10. [Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari visits neighboring Cameroon to bolster support for a multinational army to fight Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/07/29/nigerian-president-muhammadu-buhari-visits-neighboring-cameroon-to-bolster-support-for-a-multinational-army-to-fight-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Cameroon, Nigeria_
