### [2003-07-27](/news/2003/07/27/index.md)

#  A group of approximately 50 rogue soldiers from the Armed Forces of the Philippines seizes a portion of a shopping mall and the adjacent hotel in Makati City, Metro Manila in the Philippines demanding President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo's resignation. They claim to have surrounded the occupied zones with explosives and have temporarily held several people in the hotel, including Australian Ambassador Ruth Pierce. The group is said by some officials to be connected to ousted President Joseph Estrada and oppositionist Senator Gregorio Honasan, who staged several coup attempts in the late 1980s.




### Related:

1. [ Impeachment proceedings against Philippine President Joseph Estrada, accused of playing Jueteng, end preeminently and trigger the second EDSA People Power Revolution or People Power II. His Vice-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo succeeds him as the 14th President of the Republic.](/news/2001/01/17/impeachment-proceedings-against-philippine-president-joseph-estrada-accused-of-playing-jueteng-end-preeminently-and-trigger-the-second-ed.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
2. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
3. [Authorities diagnose six more cases of the Zika virus in the provinces of Cebu and Iloilo in the Visayas and Laguna province near Metro Manila, Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/20/authorities-diagnose-six-more-cases-of-the-zika-virus-in-the-provinces-of-cebu-and-iloilo-in-the-visayas-and-laguna-province-near-metro-mani.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
4. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdin.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
5. [Celebrity British lawyer Amal Clooney files a case in the United Nations on behalf of former Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. ](/news/2015/03/9/celebrity-british-lawyer-amal-clooney-files-a-case-in-the-united-nations-on-behalf-of-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
6. [Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos visits the detained ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and criticizes the current President Benigno Aquino III as "cruel, unjust". ](/news/2014/01/23/former-philippine-first-lady-imelda-marcos-visits-the-detained-ex-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-criticizes-the-current-president-ben.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
7. [Former Philippine President Joseph Estrada visits former President Gloria Arroyo in the hospital where she is currently detained. ](/news/2013/12/23/former-philippine-president-joseph-estrada-visits-former-president-gloria-arroyo-in-the-hospital-where-she-is-currently-detained.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
8. [Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is sworn-in as the newly elected Mayor of Manila, the nation's capital. ](/news/2013/06/30/former-president-of-the-philippines-joseph-estrada-is-sworn-in-as-the-newly-elected-mayor-of-manila-the-nation-s-capital.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, Philippines_
9. [Devastating fire in Manila, Philippines leaves about 8,000 people homeless and nine injured in a Makati City squatter community. ](/news/2011/04/19/devastating-fire-in-manila-philippines-leaves-about-8-000-people-homeless-and-nine-injured-in-a-makati-city-squatter-community.md) _Context: Makati City, Philippines_
10. [Four people are killed and 18 injured after a bus bombing in the Philippine capital Manila. ](/news/2011/01/25/four-people-are-killed-and-18-injured-after-a-bus-bombing-in-the-philippine-capital-manila.md) _Context: Metro Manila, Philippines_
