### [2006-07-26](/news/2006/07/26/index.md)

#  The governments of Chad and Sudan sign an accord officially ending the Chadian-Sudanese conflict. The deal has many provisions similar to that of the Tripoli Accord, which Sudan has violated four times by aiding Janjaweed, UFDC, and anti-Boziz rebels and genocidaires. 




### Source:

1. [Syracuse.com](http://www.syracuse.com/newsflash/international/index.ssf?/base/international-4/1153932865118550.xml&storylist=international)

### Related:

1. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Chadian-Sudanese conflict, Janjaweed, UFDC_
2. [ The Government of Chad demands that the Security Council act to stop Janjaweed and UFDC incursions into Chad. ](/news/2006/06/21/the-government-of-chad-demands-that-the-security-council-act-to-stop-janjaweed-and-ufdc-incursions-into-chad.md) _Context: Janjaweed, UFDC, second Dby administration_
3. [ The Government of Chad renews accusations of Sudanese support for attacks by the UFDC into eastern Chad, despite the recent signing of the Tripoli Accord and the successful formation of the ministerial committee. Sudan has accused Chad of supporting ARFWS rebels in the past, and Chad is believed to have stepped up support in light of recent attacks. ](/news/2006/03/8/the-government-of-chad-renews-accusations-of-sudanese-support-for-attacks-by-the-ufdc-into-eastern-chad-despite-the-recent-signing-of-the.md) _Context: Tripoli Accord, UFDC, second Dby administration_
4. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Janjaweed, government_
5. [ UFDC rebels attack the Chadian city of Ade and battle the Military of Chad. Both the UFDC and the Dby administration claim to have control over the city, stating that opposing forces have fled. ](/news/2006/07/4/ufdc-rebels-attack-the-chadian-city-of-ade-and-battle-the-military-of-chad-both-the-ufdc-and-the-deby-administration-claim-to-have-control.md) _Context: UFDC, second Dby administration_
6. [ FUC spokesman Albissaty Saleh Allazam announces that none of the eight organizational members that make up the Chadian rebel alliance will end attacks on the Dby administration despite the recent peace deal between ARFWS and the Government of Sudan. ](/news/2006/05/13/fuc-spokesman-albissaty-saleh-allazam-announces-that-none-of-the-eight-organizational-members-that-make-up-the-chadian-rebel-alliance-will.md) _Context: UFDC, second Dby administration_
7. [ Janjaweed militants cross the Sudanese border into Chad and attack the villages of Boroto, Ade, and Moudaina, killing nine and seriously wounding three others. Chad once again warns Sudan that it will retaliate for attacks by Janjaweed and UFDC rebel attacks. ](/news/2006/01/6/janjaweed-militants-cross-the-sudanese-border-into-chad-and-attack-the-villages-of-boroto-ade-and-moudaina-killing-nine-and-seriously-wo.md) _Context: Janjaweed, UFDC_
8. [The Sudanese government closes down Ahlia University and the Islamic University of Omdurman following an anti-government protest in which at least one student died. ](/news/2011/01/31/the-sudanese-government-closes-down-ahlia-university-and-the-islamic-university-of-omdurman-following-an-anti-government-protest-in-which-at.md) _Context: government_
9. [ Sudan's government halts an attack on the country's capital Khartoum by hundreds of rebels from Darfur. ](/news/2008/05/11/sudan-s-government-halts-an-attack-on-the-country-s-capital-khartoum-by-hundreds-of-rebels-from-darfur.md) _Context: government_
10. [ The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Sudanese humanitarian affairs minister Ahmed Haroun and Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb on charges of war crimes committed during the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2007/05/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-arrest-warrants-for-sudanese-humanitarian-affairs-minister-ahmed-haroun-and-janjaweed-leader-ali-ku.md) _Context: Janjaweed_
