### [2015-01-12](/news/2015/01/12/index.md)

# Apparent ISIL computer hackers attack the feeds for the United States Central Command for Twitter and YouTube. 

The Twitter and YouTube accounts for the U.S. military command that oversees operations in the Middle East were hacked on Monday by people claiming to be sympathetic toward the Islamic State militant group being targeted in American bombing raids.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/12/us-cybersecurity-centcom-hack-idUSKBN0KL1UZ20150112)

### Related:

1. [Twitter announces 235,000 terror-linked accounts have been suspended over the past six months amid increasing pressure on tech companies from the White House to censor extremists from groups like ISIS. ](/news/2016/08/18/twitter-announces-235-000-terror-linked-accounts-have-been-suspended-over-the-past-six-months-amid-increasing-pressure-on-tech-companies-fro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, tweets_
2. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, tweets_
3. [Twitter claims to have closed down 125,000 accounts linked to ISIL. ](/news/2016/02/6/twitter-claims-to-have-closed-down-125-000-accounts-linked-to-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, tweets_
4. [United States President Barack Obama orders an assessment of whether intelligence reports from U.S. Central Command were changed by supervisory military personnel before formal submission to present a more optimistic picture of the American military campaign against Daesh (Islamic State). The Pentagon's Office of the Inspector General investigators seized emails from military servers over the last few weeks. ](/news/2015/11/22/united-states-president-barack-obama-orders-an-assessment-of-whether-intelligence-reports-from-u-s-central-command-were-changed-by-supervis.md) _Context: CENTCOM, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Twitter and YouTube are both inaccessible for hours in Turkey; part of a crack-down on social media by the government there. ](/news/2015/04/6/twitter-and-youtube-are-both-inaccessible-for-hours-in-turkey-part-of-a-crack-down-on-social-media-by-the-government-there.md) _Context: YouTube, tweets_
6. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
