### [2011-03-8](/news/2011/03/8/index.md)

# China reiterates its claim over the disputed Spratly Islands after Vietnam and the Philippines protest over Chinese naval activity in their waters. 




### Source:

1. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/asia/225597/china-stakes-claim-on-disputed-islands-after-spats)

### Related:

1. [Vietnam accuses the People's Republic of China of "violating" its sovereignty after Chinese ships damaged a Petrovietnam boat in the disputed Spratly Islands. ](/news/2011/05/28/vietnam-accuses-the-people-s-republic-of-china-of-violating-its-sovereignty-after-chinese-ships-damaged-a-petrovietnam-boat-in-the-dispute.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
2. [  Spratly Islands:  The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.](/news/2002/09/23/spratly-islands-the-governor-of-the-philippine-state-of-palawan-has-sent-philippine-soldiers-to-take-possession-of-the-uninhabited-oil-r.md) _Context: Philippine, Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
3. [Gunmen attack a Vietnamese vessel near Tawi-Tawi, Philippines, killing at least one sailor and abducting seven others, according to the Philippine Coast Guard. Abu Sayyaf militants are suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/02/20/gunmen-attack-a-vietnamese-vessel-near-tawi-tawi-philippines-killing-at-least-one-sailor-and-abducting-seven-others-according-to-the-phil.md) _Context: Philippine, Vietnam_
4. [Six Vietnamese sailors are kidnapped by the Abu Sayyaf off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/11/12/six-vietnamese-sailors-are-kidnapped-by-the-abu-sayyaf-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine, Vietnam_
5. [Typhoon Sarika (Karen) arrives at Luzon, Philippines, with the storm's future direction predicted to be toward Vietnam. ](/news/2016/10/15/typhoon-sarika-karen-arrives-at-luzon-philippines-with-the-storm-s-future-direction-predicted-to-be-toward-vietnam.md) _Context: Philippine, Vietnam_
6. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
7. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: Philippine, Spratly Islands_
8. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: Philippine, Spratly Islands_
9. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Philippine, Vietnam_
10. [2014 Pacific typhoon season:Typhoon Rammasun (Glenda) heads for southern China and northern Vietnam after killing at least 38 people in the Philippines with eight missing. ](/news/2014/07/17/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-ptyphoon-rammasun-glenda-heads-for-southern-china-and-northern-vietnam-after-killing-at-least-38-people-in-the.md) _Context: Philippine, Vietnam_
