### [2011-03-8](/news/2011/03/8/index.md)

# International Criminal Court judges order two Darfur rebels to stand trial for a deadly 2007 attack on peacekeepers. 




### Source:

1. [Canadian Press via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpress/article/ALeqM5imrr29N0V4hMLzDwC_vuSV338b9w?docId=6180504)

### Related:

1. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
2. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
3. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, Sudan's Defence Minister, on war crimes charges in connection to Darfur. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein-sudan-s-defence-minister-on-war-crimes-charges-in.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
4. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
5. [Two Sudanese, Abdallah Banda Abakaer Nourain and Saleh Mohammed Jerbo Jamus, surrender to the International Criminal Court in The Hague to be charged on Thursday with "murder", "intentionally directing attacks against peacekeeping personnel" and "stealing property" in relation to a 2007 attack on African Union peacekeepers in Darfur, which killed 12. ](/news/2010/06/16/two-sudanese-abdallah-banda-abakaer-nourain-and-saleh-mohammed-jerbo-jamus-surrender-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-to-b.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
6. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
7. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
8. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
9. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
10. [ The International Criminal Court announces an investigation into crimes against humanity in Darfur ](/news/2005/06/6/the-international-criminal-court-announces-an-investigation-into-crimes-against-humanity-in-darfur.md) _Context: Darfur, International Criminal Court_
