### [2011-03-8](/news/2011/03/8/index.md)

# Israeli troops and settlers open fire upon Palestinians in the West Bank while they repaired orchards previously attacked by settlers, injuring 8 Palestinians. 




### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/world/middleeast/articles/2011/03/08/8_palestinians_hurt_in_clash_with_israelis/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-ref.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Two Palestinians are shot by Jewish settlers when conflict erupts in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/02/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinians-are-shot-by-jewish-settlers-when-conflict-erupts-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Palestinians, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]: The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]: The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli forces enter the last remaining Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip to remove the settlers from Netzarim, a religious farming community of about 500, completing the evacuation of all the enclaves. Four small militant settlements on the West Bank will also be cleared, with 5,500 troops heading there to begin evictions on Tuesday. ](/news/2005/08/22/israeli-forces-enter-the-last-remaining-israeli-settlement-in-the-gaza-strip-to-remove-the-settlers-from-netzarim-a-religious-farming-comm.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli settlement, Palestinians_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
9. [Israeli settlement: Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israeli-settlement-israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-t.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-bei.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
