### [2011-03-8](/news/2011/03/8/index.md)

# Italian police seek to arrest 41 alleged members of the 'ndrangheta crime syndicate based in Calabria with suspects also sought in Germany, Canada and Australia. 

Police in Germany and Italy have arrested 35 alleged mobsters in a major police operation spanning three continents, including a warrant for the former mayor of Stirling, WA.


### Source:

1. [AP via Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/feeds/ap/2011/03/08/general-eu-italy-mafia-arrests_8343813.html)
2. [SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/1496982/Mafia-arrests-on-three-continents-)

### Related:

1. [Colombian, Italian, and U.S. police seize 11 tonnes of cocaine smuggled to various countries and arrest 33 people across Colombia and Italy after the discovery of seven laboratories in the Colombian jungle run by local organized criminal groups and 'Ndrangheta. ](/news/2016/06/30/colombian-italian-and-u-s-police-seize-11-tonnes-of-cocaine-smuggled-to-various-countries-and-arrest-33-people-across-colombia-and-italy.md) _Context: 'Ndrangheta, Italian_
2. [Ernesto Fazzalari, Italy's second most-wanted fugitive and member of 'Ndrangheta, is arrested by the Carabinieri near Molochio in Calabria, Southern Italy, after two decades on the run. Interior Minister Angelino Alfano described Fazzalari as "one of the most important fugitives and a leading underworld figure". ](/news/2016/06/26/ernesto-fazzalari-italy-s-second-most-wanted-fugitive-and-member-of-ndrangheta-is-arrested-by-the-carabinieri-near-molochio-in-calabria.md) _Context: 'Ndrangheta, Calabria_
3. [Acting on requests from neighboring Italy, Swiss authorities  arrest 15 people sought  as suspected members of the 'Ndrangheta organized crime syndicate,  a Mafia-type organization  centered in Calabria, Italy. ](/news/2016/03/8/acting-on-requests-from-neighboring-italy-swiss-authorities-arrest-15-people-sought-as-suspected-members-of-the-ndrangheta-organized-cri.md) _Context: 'Ndrangheta, Calabria_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Canadian_
5. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Canadian_
6. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Canadian_
7. [A measles outbreak from the Philippines has spread into Australia, Canada, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/12/a-measles-outbreak-from-the-philippines-has-spread-into-australia-canada-taiwan-and-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Australia, Canadian_
8. [Syrian uprising:Several nations, including Turkey, Germany and Canada, expel Syrian diplomats in response to the May 25 Houla massacre. ](/news/2012/05/30/syrian-uprising-pseveral-nations-including-turkey-germany-and-canada-expel-syrian-diplomats-in-response-to-the-may-25-houla-massacre.md) _Context: Canadian, Germany_
9. [Four climbers from Canada, China, Germany and South Korea die whilst returning from the summit of Mount Everest; a Nepalese guide is missing. ](/news/2012/05/21/four-climbers-from-canada-china-germany-and-south-korea-die-whilst-returning-from-the-summit-of-mount-everest-a-nepalese-guide-is-missing.md) _Context: Canadian, Germany_
10. [Facebook recognises civil unions and domestic partnerships as relationship statuses in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia. ](/news/2011/02/18/facebook-recognises-civil-unions-and-domestic-partnerships-as-relationship-statuses-in-the-united-states-canada-the-united-kingdom-france.md) _Context: Australia, Canadian_
