### [2010-07-26](/news/2010/07/26/index.md)

# Opening of the 15th Congress of the Philippines: [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/1071594/1/.html Channel NewsAsia]. Juan Ponce Enrile is elected as Senate President. Feliciano Belmonte is elected Speaker of the House of Representatives.. President Benigno Aquino III delivers his first State of the Nation Address.




### Related:

1. [Regions of the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
2. [Philippines-United States relations. History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War. Balangiga massacre. During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, State of the Nation Address_
3. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash. Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
4. [Presidency of Rodrigo Duterte. Davao Death Squad. A former militiaman claims while testifying at a hearing by the Philippine Senate that President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte ordered the deaths of criminals and political opponents, allegedly Leila de Lima, critic and journalist Juan Pala, and unidentified Filipino Muslims in 1993, while he was mayor of Davao City. The witness also revealed that Duterte's son Paolo may also have been involved in the murders as an accomplice to his father. ](/news/2016/09/15/presidency-of-rodrigo-duterte-davao-death-squad-a-former-militiaman-claims-while-testifying-at-a-hearing-by-the-philippine-senate-that-pre.md) _Context: Philippine senate, President of the Philippines_
5. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
6. ["Philippines v. China". On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
7. [Moro conflict. Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-reso.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
8. [Japan-Philippines relations. Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/japan-philippines-relations-reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
9. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
10. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:. President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-president-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-s.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, his predecessor_
