### [2010-07-26](/news/2010/07/26/index.md)

# Release of The War Logs:: Wikileaks releases over 92,000 documents detailing unreported killings of hundreds of Afghan civilians and other incidents related to the war in Afghanistan to "The Guardian", "The New York Times" and "Der Spiegel", in one of the biggest leaks in U.S. military history. 

More than 90,000 secret US military records are leaked to the media by Wikileaks, revealing unreported details of the war in Afghanistan.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/07/26/2964720.htm)
2. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/07/201072612817513609.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10757344)
4. [Der Spiegel](http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/0,1518,708314,00.html)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/25/afghanistan-war-logs-military-leaks)
6. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/26/world/asia/26warlogs.html?_r=1&pagewanted=all)
7. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/us-condemns-massive-leak-of-afghan-war-files-20100726-10r8h.html)

### Related:

1. [25-year-old navy medic Michael Lyons is found guilty in Plymouth of refusing to attend rifle training; Lyons says he developed a moral objection to the war in Afghanistan due to revelations made public by WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/07/5/25-year-old-navy-medic-michael-lyons-is-found-guilty-in-plymouth-of-refusing-to-attend-rifle-training-lyons-says-he-developed-a-moral-objec.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present), WikiLeaks_
2. [Attacks against WikiLeaks, Julian Assange and "The Guardian" website:: As "massive" cyberwarfare against the WikiLeaks website continue, the website is forced to change its web address after EveryDNS kills its domain due to the disruption caused to its other customers by the attacks. United States authorities are accused of carrying out the cyber attacks against the website. ](/news/2010/12/3/attacks-against-wikileaks-julian-assange-and-the-guardian-website-as-massive-cyberwarfare-against-the-wikileaks-website-continue-the.md) _Context: The Guardian, WikiLeaks_
3. [Lawyers for Wikileaks-s founder Julian Assange express anger that incriminating police files regarding Assange-s alleged sexual assault of two Swedish women were published in The Guardian newspaper, which has used him as its source for hundreds of leaked US embassy cables. [http://www.theaustralian.com.au/in-depth/wikileaks/assange-anger-at-smear-campaign-after-leaked-police-files-published-in-the-guardian/story-fn775xjq-1225973443379 ("The Australian") ] ](/news/2010/12/19/lawyers-for-wikileaks-s-founder-julian-assange-express-anger-that-incriminating-police-files-regarding-assange-s-alleged-sexual-assault.md) _Context: The Guardian, WikiLeaks_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: A Taliban spokesman warns Afghans listed in the Afghan War Diary published on Wikileaks that "we know how to punish them". ](/news/2010/07/30/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-a-taliban-spokesman-warns-afghans-listed-in-the-afghan-war-diary-published-on-wikileaks-that-we-know.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present), WikiLeaks_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): New Zealand announces the stationing of three more non-combat military personnel in Afghanistan, boosting its military commitment to 13. ](/news/2017/08/25/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-new-zealand-announces-the-stationing-of-three-more-non-combat-military-personnel-in-afghanistan-boosti.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [United Kingdom-United States relations: "The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: The Guardian_
8. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: The New York Times_
9. [Montana's at-large congressional district special election, 2017: Republican Greg Gianforte bodyslams a reporter from "The Guardian" who then reports the situation to police. Gianforte is running against Democrat Rob Quist. ](/news/2017/05/24/montana-s-at-large-congressional-district-special-election-2017-republican-greg-gianforte-bodyslams-a-reporter-from-the-guardian-who-the.md) _Context: The Guardian_
10. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority": Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
