### [2010-07-26](/news/2010/07/26/index.md)

# The ''Plastiki'', a catamaran made out of recycled plastic, arrives in Sydney, Australia, after travelling across the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco, United States, to raise awareness of environmental issues. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100726/ap_on_re_as/as_australia_bottle_ship)

### Related:

1. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: American, Australia_
2. [Australia-Philippines relations,  Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/australia-philippines-relations-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-t.md) _Context: American, Australia_
3. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead  when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area  in suburban Sydney, Australia. All  hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-polic.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
4. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: American, Australia_
5. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: American, Australia_
7. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: American, Australia_
8. [ Five individuals - four men and a teenage boy - are arrested in connection with the gang-rape of a 16-year-old girl at a Sydney, Australia, house party. ](/news/2015/10/15/five-individuals-a-four-men-and-a-teenage-boy-a-are-arrested-in-connection-with-the-gang-rape-of-a-16-year-old-girl-at-a-sydney-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
9. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and  express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express.md) _Context: American, Australia_
10. [The Japan Ground Self-Defense Force will for the first time participate in Exercise Talisman Saber, a joint exercise between the United States and Australia. ](/news/2015/05/26/the-japan-ground-self-defense-force-will-for-the-first-time-participate-in-exercise-talisman-saber-a-joint-exercise-between-the-united-stat.md) _Context: American, Australia_
