### [2010-07-26](/news/2010/07/26/index.md)

# Wikileaks releases over 92,000 documents detailing unreported killings of hundreds of Afghan civilians and other incidents related to the war in Afghanistan to "The Guardian", "The New York Times" and "Der Spiegel", in one of the biggest leaks in U.S. military history. 

More than 90,000 secret US military records are leaked to the media by Wikileaks, revealing unreported details of the war in Afghanistan.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2010/07/26/2964720.htm)
2. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/07/201072612817513609.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-10757344)
4. [Der Spiegel](http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/0,1518,708314,00.html)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/25/afghanistan-war-logs-military-leaks)
6. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/26/world/asia/26warlogs.html?_r=1&pagewanted=all)
7. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/us-condemns-massive-leak-of-afghan-war-files-20100726-10r8h.html)

### Related:

1. [25-year-old navy medic Michael Lyons is found guilty in Plymouth of refusing to attend rifle training; Lyons says he developed a moral objection to the war in Afghanistan due to revelations made public by WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/07/5/25-year-old-navy-medic-michael-lyons-is-found-guilty-in-plymouth-of-refusing-to-attend-rifle-training-lyons-says-he-developed-a-moral-objec.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present), WikiLeaks_
2. [Lawyers for Wikileaks's founder Julian Assange express anger that incriminating police files regarding Assange's alleged sexual assault of two Swedish women were published in The Guardian newspaper, which has used him as its source for hundreds of leaked US embassy cables. [http://www.theaustralian.com.au/in-depth/wikileaks/assange-anger-at-smear-campaign-after-leaked-police-files-published-in-the-guardian/story-fn775xjq-1225973443379 ("The Australian") ] ](/news/2010/12/19/lawyers-for-wikileaksas-founder-julian-assange-express-anger-that-incriminating-police-files-regarding-assangeas-alleged-sexual-assault.md) _Context: The Guardian, WikiLeaks_
3. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. Taliban claim their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-taliban-claim.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. ["The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-said.md) _Context: The Guardian_
6. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: The New York Times_
7. [Republican Greg Gianforte bodyslams a reporter from "The Guardian" who then reports the situation to police. Gianforte is running against Democrat Rob Quist. ](/news/2017/05/24/republican-greg-gianforte-bodyslams-a-reporter-from-the-guardian-who-then-reports-the-situation-to-police-gianforte-is-running-against-de.md) _Context: The Guardian_
8. [Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
9. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
10. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: The New York Times_
