### [2010-05-17](/news/2010/05/17/index.md)

# A Pamir Airways plane with 43 people on board crashes in Afghanistan between the cities of Kabul and Kunduz. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iO7jCDNS0eecKYsoZKTzDMTcbaDw)
2. [Oneindia.in](http://news.oneindia.in/2010/05/17/plane-crashed-afghanistan.html)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-05/17/c_13299359.htm)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Kunduz_
2. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Gunfire is heard in the Afghan capital Kabul with security forces looking for attackers with at least one person killed and six injured. ](/news/2016/09/6/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-gunfire-is-heard-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-with-security-forces-looking-for-attackers-with-at-least-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
4. [July 2016 Kabul bombing: Afghan officials report at least 80 people are killed and more than 230 injured as twin suicide blasts hit a large demonstration of the Shiite Hazara community over a power route line at Dehmazang Circle, Kabul, Afghanistan. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/23/july-2016-kabul-bombing-afghan-officials-report-at-least-80-people-are-killed-and-more-than-230-injured-as-twin-suicide-blasts-hit-a-large.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
5. [Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj announces Indian charity worker Judith D'Souza (Aga Khan Foundation), who was kidnapped in Kabul, Afghanistan, on June 9, 2016, is free. ](/news/2016/07/23/indian-external-affairs-minister-sushma-swaraj-announces-indian-charity-worker-judith-d-souza-aga-khan-foundation-who-was-kidnapped-in-ka.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
6. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz_
7. [The Afghan capital Kabul is locked down as members of the Hazara community protest the proposed route of a power line. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-afghan-capital-kabul-is-locked-down-as-members-of-the-hazara-community-protest-the-proposed-route-of-a-power-line.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-sev.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-again.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-ca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz_
