### [2013-11-22](/news/2013/11/22/index.md)

# Crystal Mangum, the accuser in the 2006 Duke lacrosse case, is convicted of second-degree murder by a North Carolina jury in the 2011 stabbing death of her boyfriend, and is sentenced to serve between 14 and 18 years in prison. 

The woman who falsely accused three Duke University lacrosse players of rape has been found guilty of second-degree murder in the stabbing death of her boyfriend.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/11/22/duke-lacrosse-accuser-found-guilty-second-degree-murder-in-boyfriend-stabbing/)

### Related:

1. [North Carolina's congressional districts: The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-th.md) _Context: North Carolina_
2. [Voter ID laws in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: North Carolina_
3. [North Carolina House Bill 2: The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/north-carolina-house-bill-2-the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-kno.md) _Context: North Carolina_
4. [North Carolina gubernatorial election, 2016: Recounts begin in North Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/1/north-carolina-gubernatorial-election-2016-recounts-begin-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina_
5. [North Carolina gubernatorial election, 2016: The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/north-carolina-gubernatorial-election-2016-the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory.md) _Context: North Carolina_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: North Carolina_
7. [Hurricane Matthew: The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. ](/news/2016/10/13/hurricane-matthew-the-death-toll-in-north-carolina-rises-to-22-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-governor-pat-mccrory-says-places-that-had.md) _Context: North Carolina_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew: The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five.md) _Context: North Carolina_
9. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage: The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: North Carolina_
