### [2010-10-17](/news/2010/10/17/index.md)

# Former Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi accuses Iran of working to destabilize the Middle East, claiming that the region is falling victim to terrorist groups backed financially by Iran. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gu7kJ4VnOoMk0DxML7UkJpTM3l5A?docId=CNG.39d86b87288610357aedef0bdb96a13e.2d1)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/10/17/iraq.allawi.iran/)

### Related:

1. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
2. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
3. [A heat wave hits the Middle East with Baghdad recording a top temperature of 50|C|F and the Iranian city of Bandar Mahshahr recording a near world record heat index temperature of 165.2|F|C|order=flip. ](/news/2015/07/30/a-heat-wave-hits-the-middle-east-with-baghdad-recording-a-top-temperature-of-50-c-f-and-the-iranian-city-of-bandar-mahshahr-recording-a-near.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
4. [2013 Sistan and Baluchestan earthquake:. At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-sistan-and-baluchestan-earthquake-at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
5. [Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki visits Iran, where he is told to "get rid of America". ](/news/2010/10/18/iraqi-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-visits-iran-where-he-is-told-to-get-rid-of-america.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq Prime Minister_
6. [Israel rejects call to take part in a conference aimed at achieving a nuclear-arms free Middle East, citing the document agreed to at the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty talks in which Israel was singled out, but which did not mention Iran, widely suspected of having a nuclear-weapons program, or declared nuclear states India and Pakistan, who have not signed the treaty.](/news/2010/05/29/israel-rejects-call-to-take-part-in-a-conference-aimed-at-achieving-a-nuclear-arms-free-middle-east-citing-the-document-agreed-to-at-the-nu.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
8. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East_
9. [ Nouri al-Maliki, the Prime Minister of Iraq, visits Iran to seek co-operation in reducing the level of violence. ](/news/2007/08/8/nouri-al-maliki-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-visits-iran-to-seek-co-operation-in-reducing-the-level-of-violence.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq Prime Minister_
10. [ Five members of the Iraqiya coalition led by former Prime Minister of Iraq Ayad Allawi suspend their participation in the current Cabinet led by Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2007/08/6/five-members-of-the-iraqiya-coalition-led-by-former-prime-minister-of-iraq-ayad-allawi-suspend-their-participation-in-the-current-cabinet-l.md) _Context: Ayad Allawi, Iraq Prime Minister_
