### [2010-10-17](/news/2010/10/17/index.md)

# Iranian police have arrested seven Afghan border guards who had illegally crossed the border, border police chief Hossein Zolfaqari announced. 




### Source:

1. [Mehr News](http://www.mehrnews.com/en/NewsDetail.aspx?NewsID=1172965)
2. [Tehran Times](http://www.tehrantimes.com/Index_view.asp?code=228779)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
3. [President Hamid Karzai acknowledges that his office has regularly received cash from Iran and the United States but claims that the process was transparent. ](/news/2010/10/25/president-hamid-karzai-acknowledges-that-his-office-has-regularly-received-cash-from-iran-and-the-united-states-but-claims-that-the-process.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
4. [At least seven Afghan border guards are detained by Iran after crossing their mutual border. ](/news/2010/10/14/at-least-seven-afghan-border-guards-are-detained-by-iran-after-crossing-their-mutual-border.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
5. [Hundreds of people in Afghanistan demonstrate against alleged mistreatment and executions of Afghan refugees in Iran. ](/news/2010/05/6/hundreds-of-people-in-afghanistan-demonstrate-against-alleged-mistreatment-and-executions-of-afghan-refugees-in-iran.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
6. [Pakistan's ambassador to Iran, Mohammad Bakhsh Abbasi, is hospitalised after becoming injured in an attack by an Afghan on his car in Tehran. ](/news/2010/05/11/pakistan-s-ambassador-to-iran-mohammad-bakhsh-abbasi-is-hospitalised-after-becoming-injured-in-an-attack-by-an-afghan-on-his-car-in-tehran.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
7. [ The "Washington Post" reports that the NATO-led Coalition Force in Afghanistan intercepted a shipment of Iranian arms intended for the Taliban. ](/news/2007/09/15/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-nato-led-coalition-force-in-afghanistan-intercepted-a-shipment-of-iranian-arms-intended-for-the-tali.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
8. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
9. [ The October Taylor Nelson Sofres / EOS Gallup EU poll reportedly shows that 59% of Europeans think that Israel is a threat to world peace (greater threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran, or Afghanistan). Also according to the poll, Europeans believe the United States surpasses the "axis of evil" (i.e., Iran, Iraq, and North Korea) and Afghanistan for countries that contribute most to world instability. Around 7,500 people from 15 different European countries were surveyed. Some of the results not yet published are still reportedly ""unstable"". Representatives will be meeting the EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana to discuss the results of the poll and issues around combating anti-Semitism in Europe.](/news/2003/11/1/the-october-taylor-nelson-sofres-eos-gallup-eu-poll-reportedly-shows-that-59-of-europeans-think-that-israel-is-a-threat-to-world-peace.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran_
10. [The results of an independence referendum by Iraqi Kurdistan is to be announced. The vote is widely expected to be in favor of independence. Iran and Turkey have vowed that there may be violence if the result was independence. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-results-of-an-independence-referendum-by-iraqi-kurdistan-is-to-be-announced-the-vote-is-widely-expected-to-be-in-favor-of-independence.md) _Context: Iran_
