### [2002-09-27](/news/2002/09/27/index.md)

#  East Timor becomes the 191st member of the United Nations.




### Related:

1. [ Youths in East Timor attack Australian Army forces and United Nations personnel following the announcement that Xanana Gusmo would be the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/08/7/youths-in-east-timor-attack-australian-army-forces-and-united-nations-personnel-following-the-announcement-that-xanana-gusmao-would-be-the.md) _Context: East Timor, United Nations_
2. [ The United Nations Security Council approves a new peacekeeping mission in East Timor, United Nations Integrated Mission in Timor-Leste (UNMIT), which will have 1,608 police and up to 35 military liaison officers. ](/news/2006/08/25/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-a-new-peacekeeping-mission-in-east-timor-united-nations-integrated-mission-in-timor-leste-un.md) _Context: East Timor, United Nations_
3. [ After six years, the last United Nations peacekeepers have left East Timor. ](/news/2005/05/20/after-six-years-the-last-united-nations-peacekeepers-have-left-east-timor.md) _Context: East Timor, United Nations_
4. [ A United Nations legal team meet Indonesian officials to begin an inquiry for human rights abuses and killings related to East Timor's independence in 1999. ](/news/2005/05/19/a-united-nations-legal-team-meet-indonesian-officials-to-begin-an-inquiry-for-human-rights-abuses-and-killings-related-to-east-timor-s-inde.md) _Context: East Timor, United Nations_
5. [Philippines senator Leila de Lima requests the foreign affairs department to invite the United Nations for an investigation on alleged human rights violations in Marawi. ](/news/2017/08/6/philippines-senator-leila-de-lima-requests-the-foreign-affairs-department-to-invite-the-united-nations-for-an-investigation-on-alleged-human.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls to elect members of their National Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/22/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-their-national-parliament.md) _Context: East Timor_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
