### [2013-04-6](/news/2013/04/6/index.md)

# In Lebanon, President Michel Suleiman asks Tammam Salam, a legislator and a former minister of culture, to head a new cabinet after a vast majority of the members of Parliament chose him for the job. 

Tammam Salam was officially named the new prime minister of Lebanon on Saturday after receiving a string of endorsements from the country’s warring factions over the past few days.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/07/world/middleeast/tamam-salam-asked-to-form-a-government-in-lebanon.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 Beirut bombings:Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery  in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-plebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-si.md) _Context: Lebanese lawmakers, Lebanon_
2. [A new government is formed in Lebanon after 10-months of gridlock, Tammam Salam is elected to be Prime Minister. ](/news/2014/02/15/a-new-government-is-formed-in-lebanon-after-10-months-of-gridlock-tammam-salam-is-elected-to-be-prime-minister.md) _Context: Lebanon, Tammam Salam_
3. [ Michel Suleiman is elected as President of the Republic of Lebanon. ](/news/2008/05/25/michel-suleiman-is-elected-as-president-of-the-republic-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, Michel Suleiman_
4. [ The term of Lebanese President Emile Lahoud ends with no successor and a political dispute over who is in power. ](/news/2007/11/23/the-term-of-lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-ends-with-no-successor-and-a-political-dispute-over-who-is-in-power.md) _Context: Lebanon, President of Lebanon_
5. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, President of Lebanon_
6. [ The Parliament of Lebanon adjourns a session to elect a new President of Lebanon until 23 October 2007. ](/news/2007/09/25/the-parliament-of-lebanon-adjourns-a-session-to-elect-a-new-president-of-lebanon-until-23-october-2007.md) _Context: Lebanese lawmakers, President of Lebanon_
7. [ Lebanon holds two by-elections to replace two members of the Parliament of Lebanon, Pierre Amine Gemayel and Walid Eido, killed in violent incidents claimed to be murder. Camille Khoury and Mohamad Amin Itani are declared as the winners of the elections although rival candidate Amin Gemayel has lodged a complaint about Khoury's victory. ](/news/2007/08/5/lebanon-holds-two-by-elections-to-replace-two-members-of-the-parliament-of-lebanon-pierre-amine-gemayel-and-walid-eido-killed-in-violent.md) _Context: Lebanese lawmakers, Lebanon_
8. [ Lebanon prepares  to bury anti-Syrian parliamentarian Walid Eido and nine others killed in yesterday's bombing, with a national day of mourning declared. ](/news/2007/06/14/lebanon-prepares-to-bury-anti-syrian-parliamentarian-walid-eido-and-nine-others-killed-in-yesterday-s-bombing-with-a-national-day-of-mour.md) _Context: Lebanese lawmakers, Lebanon_
9. [ In Lebanon, the Parliament grants amnesty to the imprisoned Lebanese Forces leader Samir Geagea. Geagea was arrested since 1994. ](/news/2005/07/18/in-lebanon-the-parliament-grants-amnesty-to-the-imprisoned-lebanese-forces-leader-samir-geagea-geagea-was-arrested-since-1994.md) _Context: Lebanese lawmakers, Lebanon_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
