### [2013-04-6](/news/2013/04/6/index.md)

# Pope Francis appoints Spain's Jose Rodriguez Carballo, O.F.M., as Secretary to the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life, which oversees all Catholic religious orders,  his first nomination to the Vatican bureaucracy. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/pope-names-top-franciscan/629286.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
2. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
3. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
4. [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
5. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
6. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for  forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-th.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
7. [Pope Francis asks Catholic faithful in Europe to host refugee families  fleeing death from war and hunger, and announces the Vatican's two churches will welcome two families of refugees. ](/news/2015/09/6/pope-francis-asks-catholic-faithful-in-europe-to-host-refugee-families-fleeing-death-from-war-and-hunger-and-announces-the-vatican-s-two-c.md) _Context: Catholic faithful, Pope Francis_
8. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, ''Laudato si'''. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-te.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
9. [Pope Francis venerates the purported remains of his first ever predecessor, as the Vatican gives a public display for what some claim are St Peter's remains. ](/news/2013/11/24/pope-francis-venerates-the-purported-remains-of-his-first-ever-predecessor-as-the-vatican-gives-a-public-display-for-what-some-claim-are-st.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
10. [Pope Francis names a new Pontifical Commission to investigate current accounting practices among all Vatican offices and bodies and to help devise new strategies for greater fiscal responsibility and fiscal transparency. ](/news/2013/07/19/pope-francis-names-a-new-pontifical-commission-to-investigate-current-accounting-practices-among-all-vatican-offices-and-bodies-and-to-help.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican_
