### [2005-03-10](/news/2005/03/10/index.md)

#  Flags across the nation fly at half-mast as the largest police memorial in Canadian history is held in Edmonton, to honour the four Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) victims of the Mayerthorpe Incident. Attending were about 10,000 officers from North America, Canadian dignitaries and entertainers with songs of reflection and sorrow. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/03/10/rcmp-memorial050310.html)
2. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1110495015771&call_pageid=970599119419)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/sinai-insurgency-a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of.md) _Context: police_
2. [Ontario Provincial Police charge a former Canadian nurse, Elizabeth Tracy Mae Wettlaufer, in Woodstock, Ontario, with killing eight elderly patients between August 2007 and August 2014 at two Caressant Care Nursing and Retirement Homes facilities. ](/news/2016/10/25/ontario-provincial-police-charge-a-former-canadian-nurse-elizabeth-tracy-mae-wettlaufer-in-woodstock-ontario-with-killing-eight-elderly.md) _Context: Canadian_
3. [A plane crash near Kelowna, BC, kills Canadian politician and former Premier of Alberta Jim Prentice along with three others. ](/news/2016/10/13/a-plane-crash-near-kelowna-bc-kills-canadian-politician-and-former-premier-of-alberta-jim-prentice-along-with-three-others.md) _Context: Canadian_
4. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police kill 24-year-old Aaron Driver in Strathroy, Ontario. Driver was accused of supporting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and was believed to have been plotting an "imminent" attack against Canadians. ](/news/2016/08/10/royal-canadian-mounted-police-kill-24-year-old-aaron-driver-in-strathroy-ontario-driver-was-accused-of-supporting-the-islamic-state-of-ira.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
5. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoritie.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
6. [At least five people are dead, one missing, and 21 rescued, from a tour boat carrying 27 people that sinks west of Vargas Island, off the coast of Tofino on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The RCMP is responsible for the missing person now that the search has been called off. ](/news/2015/10/25/at-least-five-people-are-dead-one-missing-and-21-rescued-from-a-tour-boat-carrying-27-people-that-sinks-west-of-vargas-island-off-the-co.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department charges two Vietnamese citizens (Quoc Nguyen and Giang Hoang Vu) and a Canadian (David-Manuel Santos Da Silva) with running a massive cyberfraud ring that stole one billion email addresses, then sent spam offering knockoff software products of Adobe Systems Inc with the hacking having occurred between February 2009 and June 2012. The victim breaches include a massive 2011 attack on email marketing firm Epsilon, a unit of Alliance Data Systems Corp. Although the other two are in custody, Nguyen remains at large. The charge against Da Silva is conspiracy to commit money laundering. ](/news/2015/03/6/the-u-s-justice-department-charges-two-vietnamese-citizens-quoc-nguyen-and-giang-hoang-vu-and-a-canadian-david-manuel-santos-da-silva-w.md) _Context: Canadian_
8. [Canadian Police foil a planned Valentines Day massacre in Halifax, Nova Scotia. ](/news/2015/02/14/canadian-police-foil-a-planned-valentines-day-massacre-in-halifax-nova-scotia.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
9. [In three separate, but connected, crime scenes in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, a suicidal man kills eight people and then himself. [http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/us/nine-dead-in-edmonton-canada-shooting-incidents-1.2051535 "(Irish Times)"]](/news/2014/12/30/in-three-separate-but-connected-crime-scenes-in-edmonton-alberta-canada-a-suicidal-man-kills-eight-people-and-then-himself-http-www.md) _Context: Edmonton_
10. [Canadian police arrest Justin Bourque, wanted for the alleged murder of three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and shooting two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. ](/news/2014/06/6/canadian-police-arrest-justin-bourque-wanted-for-the-alleged-murder-of-three-royal-canadian-mounted-police-officers-and-shooting-two-others.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
