### [2005-03-10](/news/2005/03/10/index.md)

#  Lebanese President mile Lahoud, reappoints Omar Karami as Prime Minister of Lebanon and asks him to form a new government, less than two weeks after Karami resigned in the face of anti-Syrian protests. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4335417.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Lebanese President mile Lahoud names staunch pro-Syrian politician Omar Karami as Prime Minister following Rafic Hariri's resignation on October 20, 2004. Karami, Prime Minister from 1990 to 1992, was forced to resign in 1992. ](/news/2004/10/21/lebanese-president-emile-lahoud-names-staunch-pro-syrian-politician-omar-karami-as-prime-minister-following-rafic-hariri-s-resignation-on-o.md) _Context: Lebanese, Omar Karami, Syria, mile Lahoud_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5237620.stm (BBC NEWS)] The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5238162.stm (BBC NEWS)] An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-pages-ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=745563 (Haaretz)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5239568.stm (BBC NEWS)] A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745563.html (Haaretz)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.allheadlinenews.com-articles-7004412825 (AHN)] A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745276.html (Haaretz)] Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-newsitems-200608-s1703813.htm (ABC News Australia)] North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.](/news/2006/08/2/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-said-that-there-will-be-no-ceasefire-in-lebanon-until-an-international-force-is-deployed-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Lebanese, Prime Minister, Syria_
3. [ In Lebanon, opposition leaders blame Syria for the death of Samir Qasir and demand resignation of president mile Lahoud ](/news/2005/06/3/in-lebanon-opposition-leaders-blame-syria-for-the-death-of-samir-qasir-and-demand-resignation-of-president-emile-lahoud.md) _Context: Lebanese, Syria, mile Lahoud_
4. [ In Lebanon, victorious anti-Syria coalition demands resignation of pro-Syrian president mile Lahoud. They hold him responsible for assassinations of opposition figures ](/news/2005/06/23/in-lebanon-victorious-anti-syria-coalition-demands-resignation-of-pro-syrian-president-emile-lahoud-they-hold-him-responsible-for-assassi.md) _Context: Lebanese, Syria, mile Lahoud_
5. [ Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri resigns and says he will leave the government, ending several weeks of conflict between Hariri and the Syrian-backed President, mile Lahoud. Lahoud's term in office was extended last month, allegedly as a result of pressure from Syria; in response, the United Nations Security Council passed a resolution condemning foreign interference in Lebanon and demanding the withdrawal of foreign troops. ](/news/2004/10/20/lebanese-prime-minister-rafiq-hariri-resigns-and-says-he-will-leave-the-government-ending-several-weeks-of-conflict-between-hariri-and-the.md) _Context: Lebanese, Syria, mile Lahoud_
