### [2007-03-23](/news/2007/03/23/index.md)

#  Condoleezza Rice, the United States Secretary of State, travels to the Middle East to talk with Israel and the Palestinian National Authority about the peace process. 




### Source:

1. [ (CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/03/24/mideast.reut/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, Palestinian National Authority, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ Condoleezza Rice, the United States Secretary of State, criticises a planned expansion of Israeli housing in East Jerusalem as "not helpful" to the Middle East peace process. ](/news/2008/06/14/condoleezza-rice-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-criticises-a-planned-expansion-of-israeli-housing-in-east-jerusalem-as-not-helpful.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, Middle East, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ Iran: The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warns Iran that it should have no doubt that the United States will defend its allies including Israel. ](/news/2008/07/10/iran-p-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-warns-iran-that-it-should-have-no-doubt-that-the-united-states-will-defend-its.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice announces that retired United States Marine Corps General James L. Jones will be a special envoy for Middle East security. ](/news/2007/11/28/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-announces-that-retired-united-states-marine-corps-general-james-l-jones-will-be-a-sp.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Middle East, United States Secretary of State_
5. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States Secretary of State_
6. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Middle East, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice announces that the Bush administration will cut its security package to the government of the Palestinian National Authority by nearly half in order to ensure that Hamas does not receive funding. ](/news/2007/03/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-announces-that-the-bush-administration-will-cut-its-security-package-to-the-government-of.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Palestinian National Authority, United States Secretary of State_
8. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2005/02/6/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-israel-to-meet-with-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-authority-preside.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Israel, United States Secretary of State_
9. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East_
10. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
