### [2007-03-23](/news/2007/03/23/index.md)

#  Democratic Republic of Congo's chief prosecutor issues an arrest warrant for Senator Jean-Pierre Bemba who has sought refuge in the South African embassy as fighting continues in Kinshasa. 




### Source:

1. [AP via IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/03/23/africa/AF-GEN-Congo-Fighting.php)

### Related:

1. [ At least 150 people die in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo in fighting between the military and forces loyal to Senator Jean-Pierre Bemba. ](/news/2007/03/24/at-least-150-people-die-in-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-congo-in-fighting-between-the-military-and-forces-loyal-to-senator-jean-pierre.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Kinshasa, Senator_
2. [ Fighting erupts in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, between Government troops and the personal militia of Jean-Pierre Bemba, defeated presidential candidate in 2006 and recently elected Senator. The Spanish embassy is caught in the crossfire, leading to its evacuation under United Nations guard. ](/news/2007/03/22/fighting-erupts-in-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-congo-between-government-troops-and-the-personal-militia-of-jean-pierre-bemba-defeate.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Kinshasa, Senator_
3. [Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa fire on protesters opposing efforts by President Joseph Kabila to delay presidential and parliamentary elections due in 2016 leaving at least four people dead and ten injured. ](/news/2015/01/19/police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-fire-on-protesters-opposing-efforts-by-president-joseph-kabila-to-delay-presid.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Kinshasa_
4. [The Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa sign an accord to develop a mega-hydroelectric plant on the Congo river to address their nations' growing energy needs. ](/news/2011/11/12/the-democratic-republic-of-congo-and-south-africa-sign-an-accord-to-develop-a-mega-hydroelectric-plant-on-the-congo-river-to-address-their-n.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, South Africa_
5. [A United Nations Bombardier CRJ200 crashes at Bombardier CRJ200 in Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo killing 32 of 33 people on board. ](/news/2011/04/4/a-united-nations-bombardier-crj200-crashes-at-bombardier-crj200-in-kinshasa-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-killing-32-of-33-people-on-b.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Kinshasa_
6. [ Democratic Republic of Congo presidential candidate Jean-Pierre Bemba has rejected election results that gave victory to Joseph Kabila. ](/news/2006/11/16/democratic-republic-of-congo-presidential-candidate-jean-pierre-bemba-has-rejected-election-results-that-gave-victory-to-joseph-kabila.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
7. [ Democratic Republic of the Congo general election: As a meeting between Bemba and foreign ambassadors representing the International Committee Accompanying the Transition to Democracy (CIAT) is taking place in Kinshasa, clashes break between Kabila and Bemba forces; Bemba's residence, hosting the meeting, comes under attack, reportedly by heavy machine guns and artillery. Several hours later, the UN spokesperson in the DRC, Jean-Tobias Okala, announced the foreign diplomats, including MONUC chief William Swing, were successfully evacuated to UN headquarters. ](/news/2006/08/21/democratic-republic-of-the-congo-general-election-as-a-meeting-between-bemba-and-foreign-ambassadors-representing-the-international-commit.md) _Context: Jean-Pierre Bemba, Kinshasa_
8. [ In Congo (Kinshasa), the equestrian statue of King Lopold of the Belgians, who founded the Congo Free State in 1885, is briefly re-erected in Kinshasa before it is again removed. ](/news/2005/02/4/in-congo-kinshasa-the-equestrian-statue-of-king-leopold-of-the-belgians-who-founded-the-congo-free-state-in-1885-is-briefly-re-erected.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of Congo, Kinshasa_
9. [South African Premier Division. Two people die and 17 others are injured in a stampede at the First National Bank Stadium in Soweto, near Johannesburg, South Africa, during a soccer match between Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs. ](/news/2017/07/29/south-african-premier-division-two-people-die-and-17-others-are-injured-in-a-stampede-at-the-first-national-bank-stadium-in-soweto-near-jo.md) _Context: South Africa_
10. [Wildfires in South Africa. Up to 10,000 people have been evacuated from Knysna Local Municipality on Garden Route in South Africa after wildfire destroyed 150 homes. The Wildfire is connected to the worst windstorm in 30 years, which already killed at least 8 people in Cape Town. [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-40199270 (BBC)], [https://www.enca.com/south-africa/knysna-toddler-dies-on-birthday (ENCA)], [https://www.rte.ie/news/world/2017/0608/881071-south_africa/ (RTE)], [http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/06/storm-kills-displaces-thousands-cape-town-170608052748704.html (Al Jazeera)], [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/07/world/africa/south-africa-cape-town-storm-fires.html "(The New York Times)"]](/news/2017/06/8/wildfires-in-south-africa-up-to-10-000-people-have-been-evacuated-from-knysna-local-municipality-on-garden-route-in-south-africa-after-wild.md) _Context: South Africa_
