### [2007-03-23](/news/2007/03/23/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of withdrawing all U.S. troops from Iraq by August 2008. President Bush promises to veto the bill. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6482887.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6486669.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6483975.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with-success-a-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, troop cut_
3. [ On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. ](/news/2007/05/1/on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-his-mission-accomplished-speech-president-george-w-bush-citing-the-provisions-setting-a-deadline-for-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, troop cut_
4. [ The United States Senate votes to ease funding restrictions on stem-cell research but President Bush threatens to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-ease-funding-restrictions-on-stem-cell-research-but-president-bush-threatens-to-veto-the-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, veto_
5. [ The United States Senate passes legislation normalising trade with Vietnam, renewing tax cuts and opening the Gulf of Mexico to new drilling for oil and gas fields. The legislation had earlier been passed by the United States House of Representatives and will now go to President of the United States George W. Bush for approval. ](/news/2006/12/9/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-normalising-trade-with-vietnam-renewing-tax-cuts-and-opening-the-gulf-of-mexico-to-new-drillin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ In the United States, the House of Representatives approves the Dominican Republic-Central America Free Trade Agreement, 217-215, sending the approved treaty to President George W. Bush. ](/news/2005/07/28/in-the-united-states-the-house-of-representatives-approves-the-dominican-republic-central-america-free-trade-agreement-217-215-sending-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
8. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58. In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama. Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-co.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
9. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
10. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States House of Representatives_
