### [2007-03-23](/news/2007/03/23/index.md)

#  The United States Senate votes 52-47 to approve a budget plan that aims to achieve a balanced budget within five years and aims to find offsets for tax cuts passed in President Bush's first term. 




### Source:

1. [Dow Jones via Nasdaq](http://www.nasdaq.com/aspxcontent/NewsStory.aspx?cpath=20070323%5cACQDJON200703231533DOWJONESDJONLINE000955.htm&)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Senate votes to extend the powers of intelligence agents to eavesdrop on suspected terrorists in a victory for President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-extend-the-powers-of-intelligence-agents-to-eavesdrop-on-suspected-terrorists-in-a-victory-for-president.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
2. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
3. [ The United States Senate votes to ease funding restrictions on stem-cell research but President Bush threatens to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-ease-funding-restrictions-on-stem-cell-research-but-president-bush-threatens-to-veto-the-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
4. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Senate, budget_
5. [ Iraq War:: Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/iraq-war-democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
7. [ The United States Senate passes legislation normalising trade with Vietnam, renewing tax cuts and opening the Gulf of Mexico to new drilling for oil and gas fields. The legislation had earlier been passed by the United States House of Representatives and will now go to President of the United States George W. Bush for approval. ](/news/2006/12/9/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-normalising-trade-with-vietnam-renewing-tax-cuts-and-opening-the-gulf-of-mexico-to-new-drillin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush delivers the State of the Union Address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress (the House of Representatives and the Senate). (Wikinews): Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-delivers-the-state-of-the-union-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
9. [ United States Government:: Senator John McCain persuades President George W. Bush to accept a ban on cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees. ](/news/2005/12/16/united-states-government-senator-john-mccain-persuades-president-george-w-bush-to-accept-a-ban-on-cruel-inhuman-and-degrading-treatment.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
10. [U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns to become the next Secretary of Agriculture. If confirmed by the Senate, Johanns would fill the Cabinet position currently held by resigning Secretary Ann Veneman. ](/news/2004/12/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-nebraska-governor-mike-johanns-to-become-the-next-secretary-of-agriculture-if-confirmed-by-the-sena.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
