### [2007-03-23](/news/2007/03/23/index.md)

#  Veterinarians warn that thousands of cats and dogs may die in the wake of the Menu Foods voluntary recall of over 60 million cans of aminopterin-contaminated pet food across North America. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/story?id=2974319)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Food and Drug Administration identifies the chemical melamine in tainted wheat-gluten shipped from China and used by Menu Foods and an unnamed second company to manufacture pet food. ](/news/2007/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-identifies-the-chemical-melamine-in-tainted-wheat-gluten-shipped-from-china-and-used-by-menu.md) _Context: Menu Foods, pet food_
2. [Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-through-north-america-it-is-the-fir.md) _Context: North America_
3. [Biologists have determined that the only 'true' species of wolf in North America is the gray wolf while the red wolf is a wolf hybridized with a coyote. ](/news/2016/07/27/biologists-have-determined-that-the-only-true-species-of-wolf-in-north-america-is-the-gray-wolf-while-the-red-wolf-is-a-wolf-hybridized-wi.md) _Context: North America_
4. [Archaeologists claim to have discovered a probable Viking settlement in North America on Newfoundland's Point Rosee. ](/news/2016/04/2/archaeologists-claim-to-have-discovered-a-probable-viking-settlement-in-north-america-on-newfoundland-s-point-rosee.md) _Context: North America_
5. [The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission orders manufacturers of self-balancing scooters (hoverboards) to ensure their products meet safety standards or face recall, or seizure at ports. CPSC Chairman Elliot Kaye tells NBC News no hoverboard currently on the market meets these standards. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-u-s-consumer-product-safety-commission-orders-manufacturers-of-self-balancing-scooters-hoverboards-to-ensure-their-products-meet-safe.md) _Context: recall_
6. [The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Japanese manufacturer of airbags Takata Corp. agree to a five-year consent decree where the company agrees to pay a civil penalty of $70 million and faces as much as $130 million more in fines if it violates the settlement. Twelve automakers are ordered to speed up recalls that so far have only reached about a quarter of the affected cars. ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-national-highway-traffic-safety-administration-and-the-japanese-manufacturer-of-airbags-takata-corp-agree-to-a-five-year-consent-d.md) _Context: recall_
7. [In the United States, federal and state authorities announce Education Management Corp., a company that enrolls more than 100,000 students at North American for-profit trade schools and colleges, agrees to pay $95.5 million to settle claims it illegally paid recruiters and exaggerated the career-placement abilities of its schools. EDMC also agreed to forgive $102.8 million in loans made to more than 80,000 former students. ](/news/2015/11/16/in-the-united-states-federal-and-state-authorities-announce-education-management-corp-a-company-that-enrolls-more-than-100-000-students-a.md) _Context: North America_
8. [A University of Notre Dame study finds significant correlation between substantial executive stock options and future product recalls. CEOs with abundant stock options get a huge payoff when the company performs well but endure minute consequences when it doesn't. ](/news/2015/09/14/a-university-of-notre-dame-study-finds-significant-correlation-between-substantial-executive-stock-options-and-future-product-recalls-ceos.md) _Context: recall_
9. [Denali, the highest mountain peak in North America, officially regains its original Alaska Native name through an executive order issued by American President Barack Obama. Previously, since 1917, it had been known as Mount McKinley. ](/news/2015/08/31/denali-the-highest-mountain-peak-in-north-america-officially-regains-its-original-alaska-native-name-through-an-executive-order-issued-by.md) _Context: North America_
10. [People in North America, Australia, western South America and parts of East Asia will be able to see a lunar eclipse today. ](/news/2014/10/8/people-in-north-america-australia-western-south-america-and-parts-of-east-asia-will-be-able-to-see-a-lunar-eclipse-today.md) _Context: North America_
