### [2015-09-30](/news/2015/09/30/index.md)

# An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. 

The Saudi-led coalition battling Houthi rebels in Yemen says it has seized an Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons for them in the Arabian Sea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34401246)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/93A0/production/_85829773_85829772.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. ](/news/2016/01/7/iran-says-last-night-saudi-warplanes-bombed-its-embassy-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-wounding-several-of-its-guards-the-associated-press.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Saudi-led airstrikes kill at least 30 people and wound 25 others in the southwestern Yemeni town of Sanabani at a wedding hosted by a tribal leader known to support the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/7/saudi-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-30-people-and-wound-25-others-in-the-southwestern-yemeni-town-of-sanabani-at-a-wedding-hosted-by-a-tribal.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Houthi militants backed by Yemeni troops reportedly seize control of al-Rabu'ah, a town in Saudi Arabia's southwestern Asir region near the Yemeni border, forcing Saudi forces to pull out of the area. ](/news/2015/09/15/houthi-militants-backed-by-yemeni-troops-reportedly-seize-control-of-al-rabuaah-a-town-in-saudi-arabia-s-southwestern-asir-region-near-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Houthi shelling kills four Saudi Arabian soldiers and wounds eight others in the Saudi town of Aseer near the volatile Yemeni border. ](/news/2015/07/31/houthi-shelling-kills-four-saudi-arabian-soldiers-and-wounds-eight-others-in-the-saudi-town-of-aseer-near-the-volatile-yemeni-border.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
