### [2011-06-17](/news/2011/06/17/index.md)

# Reuters quotes commodities traders who have observed in recent months that "violent, often inexplicable price moves" are becoming a good deal more common, especially in energy commodities such as natural gas. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2011/06/17/idINIndia-57749720110617)

### Related:

1. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
2. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: natural gas_
3. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [Reuters reports, on the basis of anonymous Chinese bankers, that the State Administration of Foreign Exchange is instructing them to keep quiet about any negative analysis of prospects for the yuan. ](/news/2017/01/11/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-anonymous-chinese-bankers-that-the-state-administration-of-foreign-exchange-is-instructing-them-to-keep-qu.md) _Context: Reuters_
5. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: commodities_
6. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
7. [Reuters reports, based on sources "familiar with the matter," that Nissan is talking with Panasonic Corp. about the sale of Nissan's car battery manufacturing operation. ](/news/2016/08/6/reuters-reports-based-on-sources-familiar-with-the-matter-that-nissan-is-talking-with-panasonic-corp-about-the-sale-of-nissan-s-car-bat.md) _Context: Reuters_
8. [Amazon.com Inc is preparing to start a stand-alone streaming music service, in direct competition with Apple Music and Spotify, according to sources who spoke to Reuters. ](/news/2016/06/10/amazon-com-inc-is-preparing-to-start-a-stand-alone-streaming-music-service-in-direct-competition-with-apple-music-and-spotify-according-to.md) _Context: Reuters_
9. [   Reuters reports nearly 150 people are killed and  at least 200 wounded in a series of car bomb and suicide attacks in the Syrian cities of Jableh and Tartus in government-controlled territory that hosts Russian military bases. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/reuters-reports-nearly-150-people-are-killed-and-at-least-200-wounded-in-a-series-of-car-bomb-and-suicide-attacks-in-the-syrian-cities-o.md) _Context: Reuters_
10. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Reuters_
