### [2011-06-17](/news/2011/06/17/index.md)

# The Yonhap news agency reports that South Korea has deployed precision-guided missiles capable of hitting the North Korean capital, Pyongyang. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap News](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/06/17/0200000000AEN20110617000900315.HTML)

### Related:

1. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
2. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
3. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
4. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
5. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
6. [Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan-air-base-in-a-show-of-force-following.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
7. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports North Korea appears to conduct a submarine-launched ballistic missile test that ended in failure with no indication that the missile successfully ejected from the vessel and took off. ](/news/2015/11/28/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-north-korea-appears-to-conduct-a-submarine-launched-ballistic-missile-test-that-ended-in-failure-wi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
8. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
9. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea has installed an Unha rocket at its Dongchang-ri launch site. Japan is threatening to shoot down the rocket if it manages to stay airborne and threaten Japanese territory. ](/news/2012/12/3/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-has-installed-an-unha-rocket-at-its-dongchang-ri-launch-site-japan-is-threatening.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
10. [The Yonhap news agency reports that sources have advised them that North Korea is plotting to assassinate Kim Kwan-jin, currently South Korea's defence minister. ](/news/2011/08/10/the-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-sources-have-advised-them-that-north-korea-is-plotting-to-assassinate-kim-kwan-jin-currently-south-kore.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap_
