### [2017-01-13](/news/2017/01/13/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. 

House of Representatives passed legislation for Republicans to proceed with ‘budget reconciliation’ to end key provisions of Obama’s signature healthcare law


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/13/congress-house-affordable-care-act-obamacare-repeal)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/cceee9875364a86e549214d9c34161b905a278ef/0_274_4096_2458/master/4096.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=70524d00f96a3ccbdc70e417bd3351d1)

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
3. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-files-a-lawsuit-against-president-barack-obama-for-executive-actions-undertaken-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes for the thirty-third time to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare; the measure is not likely to pass the Democratic-controlled United States Senate. ](/news/2012/07/11/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-for-the-thirty-third-time-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-afford.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, United States House of Representatives_
6. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favour of a non-binding resolution asking the Obama administration to seek Congressional authorization for the intervention in Libya. ](/news/2011/06/3/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favour-of-a-non-binding-resolution-asking-the-obama-administration-to-seek-congressional.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The United States House of Representatives Ethics Committee begins a public hearing into New York Democratic Congressman Charles B. Rangel. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-begins-a-public-hearing-into-new-york-democratic-congressman-charles-b-rangel.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ U.S. Representative Carol Shea-Porter says that "more than 400 economists, including Nobel laureates, appealed to Congress to slow down and make sure [they] got [the bailout bill] right". ](/news/2008/10/1/u-s-representative-carol-shea-porter-says-that-more-than-400-economists-including-nobel-laureates-appealed-to-congress-to-slow-down-and.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act, a comprehensive ethics and lobbying reform bill 411-8. It bans lobbyists and their clients from giving members of the United States Congress gifts and provides for mandatory disclosure of earmarks in expenditure bills. ](/news/2007/07/31/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-the-honest-leadership-and-open-government-act-a-comprehensive-ethics-and-lobbying-refo.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
10. [ While identifying as a Unitarian, Representative Pete Stark (D-CA) becomes the first member of the United States Congress to openly acknowledge that he does not hold a "god-belief". ](/news/2007/03/12/while-identifying-as-a-unitarian-representative-pete-stark-d-ca-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-united-states-congress-to-openly-acknowl.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
