### [2017-05-5](/news/2017/05/5/index.md)

# 2012 Delhi gang rape. The Indian Supreme Court upholds the death sentences imposed on four men convicted in the 2012 gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman on board a bus in South Delhi. 

The Supreme Court on Friday upheld death sentences against four men who fatally gang raped a woman on board a bus in 2012, a crime that sparked widespread protests and drew international attention to violence against women.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/india-court-gangrape-nirbhaya-delhi-idINKBN1810TO)

### Related:

1. [Triple talaq in India. The "triple talaq", an Islamic practice allowing men to divorce instantly, is declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of India. ](/news/2017/08/22/triple-talaq-in-india-the-triple-talaq-an-islamic-practice-allowing-men-to-divorce-instantly-is-declared-unconstitutional-by-the-suprem.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
2. [Triple Talaq in India. The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. ](/news/2017/05/11/triple-talaq-in-india-the-supreme-court-of-india-begins-hearings-on-whether-oral-divorce-is-a-fundamental-right-of-islam.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
3. [The Indian Supreme Court orders all cinemas must play the national anthem, and the audience must stand during its performance, before a film is screened. Order is effective in 10 days. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-indian-supreme-court-orders-all-cinemas-must-play-the-national-anthem-and-the-audience-must-stand-during-its-performance-before-a-film.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
4. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
5. [India-United Kingdom relations. In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/india-united-kingdom-relations-in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-govern.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
6. [The Indian government censors the documentary "India's Daughter" depicting a December 2012 gang rape and murder due to perceived incitement to violence that the outrage about the film might cause. Nevertheless, the BBC telecasts the film. ](/news/2015/03/5/the-indian-government-censors-the-documentary-india-s-daughter-depicting-a-december-2012-gang-rape-and-murder-due-to-perceived-incitement.md) _Context: 2012 Delhi gang rape_
7. [In a landmark ruling, the Supreme Court of India recognizes transgender as a "third gender". ](/news/2014/04/15/in-a-landmark-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-india-recognizes-transgender-as-a-third-gender.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
8. [LGBT rights in India:. The Supreme Court of India upholds the primacy of Section 377 of the Indian penal code banning homosexual activities. ](/news/2013/12/11/lgbt-rights-in-india-the-supreme-court-of-india-upholds-the-primacy-of-section-377-of-the-indian-penal-code-banning-homosexual-activities.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
9. [The Supreme Court of India has ordered acid sales to be regulated by local and national governments. Acid is mainly used for attacks on people, especially women. ](/news/2013/07/18/the-supreme-court-of-india-has-ordered-acid-sales-to-be-regulated-by-local-and-national-governments-acid-is-mainly-used-for-attacks-on-peop.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
10. [India's Supreme Court clears the way for the execution of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, a Sikh militant, rejecting his appeal for his sentence to be commuted to life imprisonment. ](/news/2013/04/12/india-s-supreme-court-clears-the-way-for-the-execution-of-devinder-pal-singh-bhullar-a-sikh-militant-rejecting-his-appeal-for-his-sentence.md) _Context: Supreme Court of India_
