### [2006-07-3](/news/2006/07/3/index.md)

#  Israel rejects ultimatum to release all Palestinian female prisoners, prisoners under 18, and an additional 1,000 prisoners by 6 A.M. Tuesday, in exchange for information on its kidnapped soldier Gilad Shalit. Defense Minister of Israel Amir Peretz calls Syrian President Bashar Assad to "open his eyes, because he is responsible". 

Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov urges Palestinians to stop attacks on Israeli cities, pushes for Israeli restraint during meeting with Israeli counterpart Livni. Livni says Russia can have important role in talks over kidnapped soldier&#39;s release 


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/733789.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/734055.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3270510,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-operatives-are-killed-in-two-separate-aerial-strikes-isra.md) _Context: Amir Peretz, Bashar Assad's, Israel, Syria_
2. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Israel, President, Syria_
3. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Israel, President, Syria_
4. [Gunmen attack prominent Syrian political cartoonist Ali Farzat, beating him badly and breaking both of his hands, with the beating believed to be related to cartoons critical of President of Syria Bashar Assad and his family. ](/news/2011/08/25/gunmen-attack-prominent-syrian-political-cartoonist-ali-farzat-beating-him-badly-and-breaking-both-of-his-hands-with-the-beating-believed.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, President, Syria_
5. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, Israel, Syria_
6. [ Israel launches an offensive into the southern Gaza Strip, following aerial strikes on bridges and electric power installations. Meanwhile, four Israeli war planes fly over the palace of Syria's president Bashar Assad in Latakia, reportedly while he was at the palace. ](/news/2006/06/28/israel-launches-an-offensive-into-the-southern-gaza-strip-following-aerial-strikes-on-bridges-and-electric-power-installations-meanwhile.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, Israel, Syria_
7. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
8. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
10. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Israel, Syria_
