### [2006-07-3](/news/2006/07/3/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects ultimatum to release all Palestinian female prisoners, prisoners under 18, and an additional 1,000 prisoners by 6 A.M. Tuesday, in exchange for information on its kidnapped  soldier Gilad Shalit. Defense Minister of Israel Amir Peretz calls Syrian President Bashar Assad to "open his eyes, because he is responsible". 

Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov urges Palestinians to stop attacks on Israeli cities, pushes for Israeli restraint during meeting with Israeli counterpart Livni. Livni says Russia can have important role in talks over kidnapped soldier&#39;s release 


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/733789.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/734055.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3270510,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-op.md) _Context: Amir Peretz, Bashar Assad’s, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Syria_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert says Operation Summer Rains will only end once abducted soldier Gilad Shalit is released: "There is no intention to reoccupy Gaza in order to stay there, but if certain operations are needed they will be carried out". ](/news/2006/07/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-says-operation-summer-rains-will-only-end-once-a.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
5. [ Israel launches an offensive into the southern Gaza Strip, following aerial strikes on bridges and electric power installations. Meanwhile, four Israeli war planes fly over the palace of Syria's president Bashar Assad in Latakia, reportedly while he was at the palace.  ](/news/2006/06/28/israel-launches-an-offensive-into-the-southern-gaza-strip-following-aerial-strikes-on-bridges-and-electric-power-installations-meanwhile.md) _Context: Bashar Assad’s, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Syria_
6. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian President_
7. [Gunmen attack prominent Syrian political cartoonist Ali Farzat, beating him badly and breaking both of his hands, with the beating believed to be related to cartoons critical of President of Syria Bashar Assad and his family. ](/news/2011/08/25/gunmen-attack-prominent-syrian-political-cartoonist-ali-farzat-beating-him-badly-and-breaking-both-of-his-hands-with-the-beating-believed.md) _Context: Bashar Assad’s, Syria, Syrian President_
8. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Bashar Assad’s, Israel, Syria_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-cour.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
