### [2010-03-11](/news/2010/03/11/index.md)

# The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) intervenes when Mississippi bans same-sex relationships and cancels its prom (leavers' dinner) due to the desire of a female student to bring her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo, while one of her teachers tells her "she had to remember where she was". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8563122.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/LIVING/03/11/mississippi.prom.suit/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Deportation from the United States: U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Mississippi_
3. [2017 Mississippi shootings: Eight people, including a Lincoln County Sheriff's Department deputy, are fatally shot overnight at three locations in rural Mississippi. A suspect is in custody; he says he intended for it to be "suicide by cop." ](/news/2017/05/28/2017-mississippi-shootings-eight-people-including-a-lincoln-county-sheriff-s-department-deputy-are-fatally-shot-overnight-at-three-locati.md) _Context: Mississippi_
4. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
5. [2016 United States presidential election: 2016 Republican National Convention: The Cleveland Board of Control approves changes to convention security rules negotiated with the ACLU, per Federal District Judge James Gwin's June 23rd court order. ](/news/2016/06/29/2016-united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-national-convention-the-cleveland-board-of-control-approves-changes-to-convention.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: A federal district judge, in a suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, rules Cleveland's regulations governing protests and marches during next month's Republican National Convention infringe on the right of free expression. Judge James Gwin orders both sides into mediation to begin negotiating new rules with another federal judge overseeing those talks. ](/news/2016/06/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-a-federal-district-judge-in-a-suit-brought-by-the-american-civil-liberties-union-rules-clevelan.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
7. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Italy: The Italian Parliament gives final approval to legislation recognizing civil unions of same-sex couples. ](/news/2016/05/11/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-italy-the-italian-parliament-gives-final-approval-to-legislation-recognizing-civil-unions-of-same-sex-cou.md) _Context: same-sex couples_
8. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union_
10. [LGBT rights in the United States: The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as "religious freedom" bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here." Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississ.md) _Context: Mississippi_
