### [2004-11-29](/news/2004/11/29/index.md)

#  2004 Ukrainian presidential election: The Supreme Court continues its public hearings of electoral fraud. Outgoing President Leonid Kuchma asks for a new election "to preserve peace and consensus and build this just democratic society". 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4053067.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6945191)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Leonid Kuchma, Ukrainian President, Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
2. [ The Supreme Court of Ukraine rules that the 2004 second round presidential results are invalid and requires a new vote to be completed within three weeks without determining whether the second round will be re-run or an entirely new election will be run. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4066617.stm (BBC)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=514&e=3&u=/ap/20041203/ap_on_re_eu/ukraine_election_3 (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2004/12/3/the-supreme-court-of-ukraine-rules-that-the-2004-second-round-presidential-results-are-invalid-and-requires-a-new-vote-to-be-completed-with.md) _Context: Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine, Ukrainian presidential election controversy_
3. [ Ukraine's parliament votes for the annulment of the election results and asks President Leonid Kuchma to dissolve the country's Central Election Committee. This is a non-binding request as the parliament cannot annul the results itself. ](/news/2004/11/27/ukraine-s-parliament-votes-for-the-annulment-of-the-election-results-and-asks-president-leonid-kuchma-to-dissolve-the-country-s-central-ele.md) _Context: Leonid Kuchma, Ukrainian President_
4. [ Ukrainian politician Oleksander Moroz sets off the Cassette Scandal by publicly accusing President Leonid Kuchma of involvement in the murder of journalist Georgiy Gongadze.](/news/2000/11/28/ukrainian-politician-oleksander-moroz-sets-off-the-cassette-scandal-by-publicly-accusing-president-leonid-kuchma-of-involvement-in-the-murd.md) _Context: Leonid Kuchma, Ukrainian President_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strategi.md) _Context: Ukrainian President_
6. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Ukrainian President_
7. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. ](/news/2016/04/21/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-signs-legislation-banning-all-russian-films-made-after-january-1-2014-the-legislation-also-bans-movie.md) _Context: Ukrainian President_
8. [Millions of voters in the world's third biggest democracy participated in Indonesia's local elections in 264 regions, just over half of the country's electorates. There is heightened security due to threats by domestic terror groups linked to the Islamic State, as well as increased scrutiny to prevent electoral fraud. Direct elections to choose local leaders were established a decade ago. Official results from the polls will not be available until December 18, 2015. ](/news/2015/12/9/millions-of-voters-in-the-world-s-third-biggest-democracy-participated-in-indonesia-s-local-elections-in-264-regions-just-over-half-of-the.md) _Context: electoral fraud_
9. [Partial results from Sunday's election give Ivory Coast's President Alassane Ouattara an overwhelming lead (83.18 percent) on the way to a second five-year term. This weekend's vote was judged to be peaceful and transparent by observers, making it the first in Cote d'Ivoire's history not to be marred by serious rights violations or irregularities. ](/news/2015/10/27/partial-results-from-sunday-s-election-give-ivory-coast-s-president-alassane-ouattara-an-overwhelming-lead-83-18-percent-on-the-way-to-a-s.md) _Context: electoral fraud_
10. [The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko claims that his forces have repelled an attack on the town of Marinka and captured 12 rebels including one Russian. ](/news/2015/06/6/the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-claims-that-his-forces-have-repelled-an-attack-on-the-town-of-marinka-and-captured-12-rebels-inclu.md) _Context: Ukrainian President_
