### [2004-11-29](/news/2004/11/29/index.md)

#  Romania's ruling Social Democratic Party claims victory in the country's legislative election, and the simultaneous presidential election goes to a second round with Prime Minister Adrian Nastase leading.




### Related:

1. [ Traian Basescu, the leader of the Romanian opposition alliance Justice and Truth, demands a re-run of the 2004 legislative elections, claiming that 160,000 void ballots were awarded to Adrian Nastase and his Social Democratic Party. ](/news/2004/11/30/traian-basescu-the-leader-of-the-romanian-opposition-alliance-justice-and-truth-demands-a-re-run-of-the-2004-legislative-elections-claim.md) _Context: 2004 legislative elections, Adrian Nastase, Romania, Social Democratic Party_
2. [ Romanian presidential election, 2004: Prime Minister Adrian Nastase concedes defeat to opposition candidate Traian Basescu after a close contest. With 99% of the vote counted, Basescu took 51.23% of the vote to Nastase's 48.77%. ](/news/2004/12/13/romanian-presidential-election-2004-prime-minister-adrian-nastase-concedes-defeat-to-opposition-candidate-traian-basescu-after-a-close-co.md) _Context: Adrian Nastase, Romanian presidential election, 2004_
3. [ Romania presidential run-off: Exit polls show that the difference between the two candidates (Traian Basescu and Adrian Nastase) is very small, estimated at less than 0.01%. ](/news/2004/12/12/romania-presidential-run-off-exit-polls-show-that-the-difference-between-the-two-candidates-traian-basescu-and-adrian-nastase-is-very-sm.md) _Context: Adrian Nastase, Romanian presidential election, 2004_
4. [At least eight people are killed and 137 injured after a strong storm hits western and central Romania. ](/news/2017/09/17/at-least-eight-people-are-killed-and-137-injured-after-a-strong-storm-hits-western-and-central-romania.md) _Context: Romania_
5. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Romania_
6. [A freight train derails in Hunedoara County, Romania, killing both crew members on board. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-freight-train-derails-in-hunedoara-county-romania-killing-both-crew-members-on-board.md) _Context: Romania_
7. [A motorway bridge near Ancona, Italy, collapses killing two Italians and injuring two Romanian workers. The Italian highway agency links the collapse with a temporary structure that was designed to support it. ](/news/2017/03/9/a-motorway-bridge-near-ancona-italy-collapses-killing-two-italians-and-injuring-two-romanian-workers-the-italian-highway-agency-links-the.md) _Context: Romania_
8. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Romania_
9. [Romanian Justice Minister Florin Iordache resigns after losing the support of Prime-Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/02/9/romanian-justice-minister-florin-iordache-resigns-after-losing-the-support-of-prime-minister-sorin-grindeanu.md) _Context: Romania_
10. [ More than 600,000 people protest in dozens of cities in Romania and diaspora against Grindeanu Government. ](/news/2017/02/5/more-than-600-000-people-protest-in-dozens-of-cities-in-romania-and-diaspora-against-grindeanu-government.md) _Context: Romania_
