### [2004-11-29](/news/2004/11/29/index.md)

#  The U.S. Supreme Court hears a landmark case to decide the rights of states to overrule federal restrictions on medical marijuana use. This case has important consequences for redefining the separation and limitation of powers between states and the federal government. 

The Supreme Court hears a California case Monday that could become a signature decision of the Rehnquist era.


### Source:

1. [CSM](http://www.csmonitor.com/2004/1129/p02s01-usju.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.csmonitor.com/extension/csm_base/design/csm_design/images/csm_logo_900x600.png)

### Related:

1. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: U.S. state, United States federal government_
2. [The United States Supreme Court grants review of California's ban on same-sex marriage (Proposition 8, which has been challenged), and also agrees to finally determine the constitutionality of the federal DOMA law, which the Obama administration has said it will not continue defending. This is the Court's most significant foray into the issue yet, though an overruling of the DOMA act would only mean the federal government would have to recognize such marriages in areas where they are already legal. ](/news/2012/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-review-of-california-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-proposition-8-which-has-been-challenged-and-also.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, United States federal government_
3. [The Federal government of the United States files a lawsuit against the U.S. state of Arizona in its bid to overturn its controversial immigration law. ](/news/2010/07/6/the-federal-government-of-the-united-states-files-a-lawsuit-against-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-in-its-bid-to-overturn-its-controversial-immig.md) _Context: U.S. state, United States federal government_
4. [ The governors of the U.S. states of New Mexico and Arizona declare an emergency along their borders with Mexico citing recent violence, and inaction in both the US government and the Mexican government. ](/news/2005/08/17/the-governors-of-the-u-s-states-of-new-mexico-and-arizona-declare-an-emergency-along-their-borders-with-mexico-citing-recent-violence-and.md) _Context: U.S. state, United States federal government_
5. [ The Supreme Court of the United States found for the federal government in a 6-3 decision in the medical marijuana case Ashcroft v. Raich. The court also decided in Spector v. Norwegian Cruise Line Ltd. by ruling that the ADA applies to foreign cruise ships.](/news/2005/06/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-found-for-the-federal-government-in-a-6-3-decision-in-the-medical-marijuana-case-ashcroft-v-raich.md) _Context: Medical marijuana, United States Supreme Court_
6. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: United States federal government_
7. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: U.S. state_
8. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
