### [2004-11-29](/news/2004/11/29/index.md)

#  Two U.S. soldiers are killed and three wounded when a roadside bomb in Baghdad detonates. Four Iraqi National Guard are killed in an attack on a checkpoint in nearby Baghdadi. Six Iraqis are killed in a blast near a police station in Ramadi. The Iraqi Red Crescent establishes a relief center in Fallujah, while the International Red Cross says the city remains under siege and workers are unable to freely administer aid. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4051391.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6945002)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6945467)
3. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Ramadi_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Ramadi_
3. [5 Iraqi policemen are killed in an overnight shootout in western Baghdad, while 1 policeman is killed at a checkpoint outside Fallujah. ](/news/2010/08/7/5-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-in-an-overnight-shootout-in-western-baghdad-while-1-policeman-is-killed-at-a-checkpoint-outside-fallujah.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah, Iraq_
4. [Gunmen raided a jewelry shop Saturday morning in western Iraq, killing four people before fleeing with a large amount of gold in Fallujah, 40 miles (65 kilometers) west of Baghdad. ](/news/2010/06/26/gunmen-raided-a-jewelry-shop-saturday-morning-in-western-iraq-killing-four-people-before-fleeing-with-a-large-amount-of-gold-in-fallujah-4.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah, Iraq_
5. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits Iraq and calls for patience in the political struggle against the insurgency. Meanwhile, the bodies of 34 people are found at locations in Baghdad, Iskandariya, and Ramadi, all apparently having been executed. ](/news/2005/05/15/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-visits-iraq-and-calls-for-patience-in-the-political-struggle-against-the-insurgency-meanwhile-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Ramadi_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. ](/news/2004/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-in-baghdad-an-american-civilian-contractor-is-shot-near-the-green-zone-the-largest-sunni-political-party-iraqi-islamic.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi National Guard_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraq, Ramadi_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi National Guard, Ramadi_
9. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah, Iraq_
10. [ At least 110 Iraqis are killed in a day of widespread violence, as the U.S. engages in new offensives to retake insurgent-held areas before the January elections. An al-Arabiya journalist is killed during a live broadcast when attack helicopters fire at a crowd gathered around a burning Bradley vehicle in Baghdad. Helicopters and tanks fire on residential areas in rebel-occupied Ramadi. More fighting takes place in Tal Afar and Hilla. ](/news/2004/09/12/at-least-110-iraqis-are-killed-in-a-day-of-widespread-violence-as-the-u-s-engages-in-new-offensives-to-retake-insurgent-held-areas-before.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Ramadi_
