### [2003-07-21](/news/2003/07/21/index.md)

#  "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. 




### Source:

1. [CNet story](http://news.cnet.com/1601-2-1027557.html)
2. [SCO press release](http://biz.yahoo.com/prnews/030721/lam075_1.html)

### Related:

1. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: IBM furnishes more information on their SCO countersuit and states that they have Novell support.](/news/2003/08/8/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-ibm-furnishes-more-information-on-their-sco-countersuit-and-states-that-they-have-novell-support.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
2. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" Reuters have reported that Red Hat intends to start legal action against SCO to establish that SCO's claims against the Linux operating system are invalid.](/news/2003/08/4/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-reuters-have-reported-that-red-hat-intends-to-start-legal-action-against-sco-to-establish-that-sco-s-claims-aga.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
3. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Novell enters the lawsuit between the SCO Group and IBM with a press release concerning the SCO Group's ownership of UNIX. "To Novell's knowledge, the 1995 agreement governing SCO's purchase of UNIX from Novell does not convey to SCO the associated copyrights," a letter to the SCO Group's CEO Darl McBride said in part. "We believe it unlikely that SCO can demonstrate that it has any ownership interest whatsoever in those copyrights. Apparently you share this view, since over the last few months you have repeatedly asked Novell to transfer the copyrights to SCO, requests that Novell has rejected."](/news/2003/05/27/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-novell-enters-the-lawsuit-between-the-sco-group-and-ibm-with-a-press-release-concerning-the-sco-group-s-ownership.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
4. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."](/news/2003/05/14/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-apparently-noticing-the-incongruity-of-their-selling-a-linux-distribution-while-suing-ibm-for-stealing-their-inte.md) _Context: Linux, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
5. [Steam for Linux is released, beginning the expansion of Valve's game service onto the free and open-source platform. This leads to 2000 games being ported to the platform in a span of a little over 3 years.](/news/2013/02/14/steam-for-linux-is-released-beginning-the-expansion-of-valve-s-game-service-onto-the-free-and-open-source-platform-this-leads-to-2000-game.md) _Context: Linux_
6. [ Novell wins the rights to the copyrights for Unix from the SCO Group in SCO v. Novell decided in the United States District Court in Utah. ](/news/2007/08/10/novell-wins-the-rights-to-the-copyrights-for-unix-from-the-sco-group-in-sco-v-novell-decided-in-the-united-states-district-court-in-utah.md) _Context: SCO Group_
7. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux_
8. [ SCO claims in a press release to be sending DMCA notification letters alleging copyright infringement ](/news/2003/12/22/sco-claims-in-a-press-release-to-be-sending-dmca-notification-letters-alleging-copyright-infringement.md) _Context: SCO Group_
9. [ Linux kernel 2.6.0 is released by Linus Torvalds.](/news/2003/12/17/linux-kernel-2-6-0-is-released-by-linus-torvalds.md) _Context: Linux_
10. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Aduva, Inc., a Linux developing company, releases this week a tool to allow companies to replace any offending Linux code, if it exists, with code that does not infringe on SCO's intellectual property rights. It is unknown how this tool will work, as SCO has not disclosed which code it considers infringing.](/news/2003/08/9/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-aduva-inc-a-linux-developing-company-releases-this-week-a-tool-to-allow-companies-to-replace-any-offending-li.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
