### [2007-10-20](/news/2007/10/20/index.md)

#  Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7054181.stm)

### Related:

1. [Turkish warplanes carry out a series of airstrikes against suspected Kurdish targets in Iraq and Turkish soldiers withdraw from Iraqi territory after sending troops in pursuit of Kurdish rebels in the latest fighting between Turkey and Kurdish rebels. ](/news/2010/06/17/turkish-warplanes-carry-out-a-series-of-airstrikes-against-suspected-kurdish-targets-in-iraq-and-turkish-soldiers-withdraw-from-iraqi-territ.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
3. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, Turkey_
4. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Turkey_
5. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
6. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria, Turkey_
7. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present): Eight Turkish soldiers and 21 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants are killed in clashes and in a subsequent helicopter crash near Turkey's border with Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/13/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-eight-turkish-soldiers-and-21-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-are-killed-in-clashes-and-i.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-secu.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
