### [2009-11-3](/news/2009/11/3/index.md)

#  A former KGB agent, Russian-Israeli businessman Shabtai von Kalmanovic, is shot dead in Moscow, Russia. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20091102/156688225.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/nov/03/former-kgb-agent-shot-dead)

### Related:

1. [Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russia-after-t.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
2. [At least 11 people are killed and 69 are injured as a severe thunderstorm hits Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2017/05/29/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-69-are-injured-as-a-severe-thunderstorm-hits-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
3. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
4. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
5. [Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". ](/news/2016/09/8/newly-revealed-secret-information-decoded-from-documents-from-the-mitrokhin-archive-a-collection-of-handwritten-notes-by-kgb-archivist-vas.md) _Context: KGB, Russia_
6. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
7. ["The New York Times" reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that-t.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
8. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: Israel, Russia_
9. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
10. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
