### [2009-11-3](/news/2009/11/3/index.md)

#  India's Supreme Court judges disclose their assets online. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5ibUBx2x8TB_uZAqkldqmbsvLI1GA)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/south_asia/8339330.stm)
3. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/news/sc-judges-list-their-assets-for-the-people/536566/)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
2. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
3. [In a landmark ruling, the Supreme Court of India recognizes transgender as a "third gender". ](/news/2014/04/15/in-a-landmark-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-india-recognizes-transgender-as-a-third-gender.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
4. [India's Supreme Court clears the way for the execution of Devinder Pal Singh Bhullar, a Sikh militant, rejecting his appeal for his sentence to be commuted to life imprisonment. ](/news/2013/04/12/india-s-supreme-court-clears-the-way-for-the-execution-of-devinder-pal-singh-bhullar-a-sikh-militant-rejecting-his-appeal-for-his-sentence.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
5. [India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec (Imatinib), amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to cheap generic versions of drugs in poorer countries. ](/news/2013/04/1/india-s-supreme-court-rejects-a-plea-by-novartis-to-patent-an-updated-version-of-its-cancer-drug-glivec-imatinib-amid-concerns-that-a-pa.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
6. [India's Supreme Court sentences actor and politician Sanjay Dutt to 5 years in prison over illegal arms possession, related to the 1993 Mumbai bombings. The death sentence of Yakub Memon, convicted mastermind of the bombings, has been upheld. ](/news/2013/03/21/india-s-supreme-court-sentences-actor-and-politician-sanjay-dutt-to-5-years-in-prison-over-illegal-arms-possession-related-to-the-1993-mumb.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
7. [ Judges at the Supreme Court of India agree to make their financial assets public. ](/news/2009/08/27/judges-at-the-supreme-court-of-india-agree-to-make-their-financial-assets-public.md) _Context: India, Supreme Court of India_
8. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
