### [2009-11-3](/news/2009/11/3/index.md)

#  North Korea says it has completed reprocessing 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods as part of its nuclear program. 

Pyongyang says it has produced more weapons-grade plutonium from spent fuel rods.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2009/11/200911375733866533.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/asiapcf/11/03/nkorea.nuclear/)
3. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2009/11/03/75/0301000000AEN20091103007500315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [ North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to -maximum pace- and test a nuclear device -at any time- in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea-United States relations. The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-mis.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
