### [2008-05-12](/news/2008/05/12/index.md)

#  Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) announces it has decided to leave the governing coalition because of differences over how to restore around 60 judges sacked by President Pervez Musharraf on November 3, 2007. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7395720.stm)
2. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7396332.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [ Pakistan: The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.date=December 2007 The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/pakistan-p-the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-date-december.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan, government_
4. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif cancels the Pakistan Muslim League's proposed demonstration, following the impending reinstatement of Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry as Chief Justice. ](/news/2009/03/16/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-cancels-the-pakistan-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-following-the-impending-reinstate.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is placed under house arrest to prevent the Pakistani Muslim League's proposed demonstration in Islamabad on March 16. ](/news/2009/03/15/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-placed-under-house-arrest-to-prevent-the-pakistani-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-i.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [ Former  Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announces that he is withdrawing his Pakistan Muslim League (N) party from Pakistan's governing coalition. ](/news/2008/08/25/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-announces-that-he-is-withdrawing-his-pakistan-muslim-league-n-party-from-pakistan-s-governing-coaliti.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N), is found ineligible by a court to stand in upcoming by-elections. ](/news/2008/06/23/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-and-leader-of-the-pakistan-muslim-league-n-is-found-ineligible-by-a-court-to-stand-in-up.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan Muslim League, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [ Ministers from Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) resign from the Government of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/05/13/ministers-from-nawaz-sharif-s-party-pakistan-muslim-league-n-resign-from-the-government-of-pakistan.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan Muslim League, government_
