### [2008-05-12](/news/2008/05/12/index.md)

#  Hezbollah clash with forces loyal to Druze leader Walid Jumblatt in the Shouf mountains, and with Sunni supporters of the government in Tripoli. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7395421.stm)
2. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7397400.stm)

### Related:

1. [At least 20 people are killed and 200 injured in an explosion in southern Beirut near a complex used by Lebanon's militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon. A previously unknown Syrian Sunni group claims responsibility in an online video. ](/news/2013/08/15/at-least-20-people-are-killed-and-200-injured-in-an-explosion-in-southern-beirut-near-a-complex-used-by-lebanon-s-militant-group-hezbollah-i.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Sunni_
2. [ Hezbollah gains control of large sections of Beirut as a pro-government television station is forced off the air. ](/news/2008/05/9/hezbollah-gains-control-of-large-sections-of-beirut-as-a-pro-government-television-station-is-forced-off-the-air.md) _Context: Hezbollah, government_
3. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: Israel hands over the bodies of three Hezbollah militants its Defence Forces killed earlier in the week to the Lebanese Government. ](/news/2005/11/25/arabaisraeli-conflict-israel-hands-over-the-bodies-of-three-hezbollah-militants-its-defence-forces-killed-earlier-in-the-week-to-the-leb.md) _Context: Hezbollah, government_
4. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to-a.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
5. [The Libyan Navy rescues nearly 500 migrants in three operations in the seas west of the capital Tripoli. ](/news/2017/08/29/the-libyan-navy-rescues-nearly-500-migrants-in-three-operations-in-the-seas-west-of-the-capital-tripoli.md) _Context: Tripoli_
6. [U.S. authorities charge two operatives, Samer El Debek, 37, of Dearborn, Michigan, and Ali Kourani, 32, of the Bronx, New York, belonging to the Lebanese Shiite militant group Hezbollah with terrorism offenses, accused of plotting to target American and Israeli targets in New York and Panama. ](/news/2017/06/8/u-s-authorities-charge-two-operatives-samer-el-debek-37-of-dearborn-michigan-and-ali-kourani-32-of-the-bronx-new-york-belonging-to.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
7. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: Tripoli_
8. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
9. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah_
