### [2008-05-12](/news/2008/05/12/index.md)

#  Israeli police raid the Jerusalem city hall to seize documents related to alleged bribes received by Prime Minister Ehud Olmert from businessman Moshe Talansky. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7397066.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The trial of former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on corruption charges begins in Jerusalem. He is the first ever Israeli Prime Minister to be brought to trial. ](/news/2009/09/25/the-trial-of-former-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-on-corruption-charges-begins-in-jerusalem-he-is-the-first-ever-israeli-prime-minist.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Jerusalem_
2. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert denies taking bribes from businessman Moshe Talansky. ](/news/2008/05/9/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-denies-taking-bribes-from-businessman-moshe-talansky.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Moshe Talansky_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): 2016 Jerusalem bus bombing: A bomb explosion in Jerusalem set two buses on fire and injured 21 people with ball bearing and nails. Israeli police say they believe the incident was a suicide bombing but no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-2016-jerusalem-bus-bombing-a-bomb-explosion-in-jerusalem-set-two-buses-on-fire-and-injured.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli police, Jerusalem_
6. [Former Israeli minister of industry, trade and labor Ehud Olmert, who is also a former prime minister, is given a fine and a suspended 1-year jail sentence for cronyism while in office. A bribery case related to a housing project in Jerusalem is still being investigated. ](/news/2012/09/24/former-israeli-minister-of-industry-trade-and-labor-ehud-olmert-who-is-also-a-former-prime-minister-is-given-a-fine-and-a-suspended-1-yea.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Jerusalem_
7. [A court in Jerusalem convicts the former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert on one count of "breach of trust" and acquits him on two fraud counts. ](/news/2012/07/10/a-court-in-jerusalem-convicts-the-former-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-on-one-count-of-breach-of-trust-and-acquits-him-on-two-fraud-c.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Jerusalem_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Jerusalem_
9. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is named as the key suspect in "one of the biggest corruption scandals in Israel's history". ](/news/2010/04/16/former-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-is-named-as-the-key-suspect-in-one-of-the-biggest-corruption-scandals-in-israel-s-history.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is a prime suspect in a large corruption scandal, law enforcement sources have told the BBC. ](/news/2010/04/15/former-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-is-a-prime-suspect-in-a-large-corruption-scandal-law-enforcement-sources-have-told-the-bbc.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
