### [2008-05-12](/news/2008/05/12/index.md)

#  United States federal authorities start sending aid to Missouri, Oklahoma and Georgia as the total death toll from the May 2008 tornado outbreak sequence reaches 23. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7395557.stm)

### Related:

1. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29a30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: Georgia, Missouri, United States_
2. [ Missouri votes to ban same-sex marriage through a state constitutional amendment. The amendment passes with 72% of the vote. Louisiana will vote on the same issue September 18, followed by Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah on November 2. ](/news/2004/08/3/missouri-votes-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-the-amendment-passes-with-72-of-the-vote-louisiana-will.md) _Context: Georgia, Missouri, Oklahoma!_
3. [Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia, United States_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Georgia, Oklahoma!_
6. [In the United States, a swarm of 30 ("and counting") earthquakes of magnitude 2.5 or greater struck Oklahoma from Wednesday evening through Thursday mid-afternoon. The biggest, a magnitude 4.8, happened yesterday at 10:27 p.m. CST, 32 kilometers (20 miles) northwest of Fairview, Oklahoma. ](/news/2016/01/7/in-the-united-states-a-swarm-of-30-and-counting-earthquakes-of-magnitude-2-5-or-greater-struck-oklahoma-from-wednesday-evening-through.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, United States_
7. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, United States_
8. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
9. [Four people are killed in a murder-suicide at a home health care business in St. Louis, Missouri, United States, by the owner of the business, 59-year-old Ahmed Dirir. ](/news/2013/06/13/four-people-are-killed-in-a-murder-suicide-at-a-home-health-care-business-in-st-louis-missouri-united-states-by-the-owner-of-the-busines.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
10. [The death toll from the 2013 Moore tornado in the U.S. state of Oklahoma is revised sharply downward to 24, with over one hundred people injured and many missing. ](/news/2013/05/21/the-death-toll-from-the-2013-moore-tornado-in-the-u-s-state-of-oklahoma-is-revised-sharply-downward-to-24-with-over-one-hundred-people-inj.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, United States_
