### [2015-09-28](/news/2015/09/28/index.md)

# An Arab coalition air-strike on a wedding party in Wahijah, a village near the Red Sea port city of Mocha in southern Yemen, reportedly leaves as many as 131 people dead, making it the deadliest coalition attack on Yemeni civilians in the conflict so far. The UN general secretary condemns the attack. 

At least 38 people are reported to have been killed in an air strike on a wedding party in south-western Yemen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34382405)
2. [The National](http://www.thenational.ae/world/middle-east/yemeni-forces-capture-houthi-stronghold-in-marib)
3. [USA TODAY](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/09/29/airstrike-yemen-wedding-party/73016546/)

### Related:

1. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Mocha, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, United Nations, Yemen_
3. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Mocha, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Air-strikes by Saudi helicopter gunships on the Yemeni village of Bani Zela in Yemen's Red Sea border area with Saudi Arabia kill at least 25 people. ](/news/2015/09/27/air-strikes-by-saudi-helicopter-gunships-on-the-yemeni-village-of-bani-zela-in-yemen-s-red-sea-border-area-with-saudi-arabia-kill-at-least-2.md) _Context: Red Sea, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [A Houthi missile attack on a Yemeni military camp near the port city of Mocha  kills Major General Ahmed Saif al-Yafei, Yemen's deputy chief of staff, and several others. ](/news/2017/02/22/a-houthi-missile-attack-on-a-yemeni-military-camp-near-the-port-city-of-mocha-kills-major-general-ahmed-saif-al-yafei-yemen-s-deputy-chief.md) _Context: Mocha, Yemen_
8. [ Six Pakistani nationals fishing in the Red Sea, off the coast of Mocha in the Taiz Governorate of Yemen, are killed and another six are unaccounted for after a Saudi air raid on a boat carrying 12 Pakistani sailors. ](/news/2016/12/6/six-pakistani-nationals-fishing-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-mocha-in-the-taiz-governorate-of-yemen-are-killed-and-another-six-are-una.md) _Context: Mocha, Yemen_
9. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Despite criticism by UN Special Envoy for Yemen, 42 cabinet members of the National Salvation Government in Yemen have taken oath and convened its first meeting. The new government, led by the former governor of Aden Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour, vowed to help UN efforts for peace and stability in the country.](/news/2016/12/1/despite-criticism-by-un-special-envoy-for-yemen-42-cabinet-members-of-the-national-salvation-government-in-yemen-have-taken-oath-and-conven.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
