### [2015-09-28](/news/2015/09/28/index.md)

# Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015. Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. 




### Source:

1. [AP via U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2015/09/28/spain-catalan-secession-parties-triumph-but-face-problems)
2. [BBC](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/28/us-spain-catalonia-idUSKCN0RQ0RN20150928)

### Related:

1. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Catalan, Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
2. [Prime Minister of Spain Mariano Rajoy criticises Catalonia's drive for independence on radio, claiming its such an attempt "goes against history, goes against the sign of the times, and goes against simple common sense". ](/news/2012/11/6/prime-minister-of-spain-mariano-rajoy-criticises-catalonia-s-drive-for-independence-on-radio-claiming-its-such-an-attempt-goes-against-his.md) _Context: Catalan, Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
3. [2015-16 Spanish government formation. The Spanish Parliament votes to allow Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to lead a People's Party minority government after a ten month interregnum. ](/news/2016/10/29/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-spanish-parliament-votes-to-allow-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-to-lead-a-people-s-party-minority.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
4. [2015-16 Spanish government formation. The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139-96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-wi.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
5. [Spanish general election, 2015. Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
6. [Spanish general election, 2015. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-general-election-2015-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-e.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
7. [Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015. Voters in the Spanish province of Catalonia go to the polls for regional elections with nationalist parties to gain a majority which they claim will allow them to declare independence. ](/news/2015/09/27/catalonian-parliamentary-election-2015-voters-in-the-spanish-province-of-catalonia-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-with-nationalist.md) _Context: Catalan, Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015_
8. [Santiago de Compostela derailment:. Mariano Rajoy, the Prime Minister of Spain, declares three days of national mourning for the 78 people killed in the derailment, Spain's worst train accident since 1944. ](/news/2013/07/25/santiago-de-compostela-derailment-mariano-rajoy-the-prime-minister-of-spain-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning-for-the-78-people-k.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
9. [The Prime Minister of Spain Mariano Rajoy is reelected as head of the Popular Party at its conference in Seville. ](/news/2012/02/18/the-prime-minister-of-spain-mariano-rajoy-is-reelected-as-head-of-the-popular-party-at-its-conference-in-seville.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
10. [Aftermath of the 2017 Barcelona attack. Catalan police in the coastal town of Cambrils kill five suspected terrorists in a counter-terror operation to stop a second van attack. The police reported the attackers were wearing explosive vests, however they were later discovered to be fakes. ](/news/2017/08/18/aftermath-of-the-2017-barcelona-attack-catalan-police-in-the-coastal-town-of-cambrils-kill-five-suspected-terrorists-in-a-counter-terror-op.md) _Context: Catalan_
