### [2003-12-11](/news/2003/12/11/index.md)

#  Electronic voting comes under scrutiny at a conference in Maryland. 




### Related:

1. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in-su.md) _Context: election system_
2. [Brazilians vote in a presidential general election using electronic machines. ](/news/2014/10/5/brazilians-vote-in-a-presidential-general-election-using-electronic-machines.md) _Context: election system_
3. [ The Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in the Philippines are holding elections using for the first-time electronic voting as precedent to the Presidential elections in 2010. ](/news/2008/08/11/the-autonomous-region-in-muslim-mindanao-in-the-philippines-are-holding-elections-using-for-the-first-time-electronic-voting-as-precedent-t.md) _Context: election system_
4. [ An electronic voting machine in 1B in Franklin County, Ohio, recorded 260 votes for John Kerry and 4258 votes for George W. Bush though only 638 people voted there, one of several alleged problems. ](/news/2004/11/7/an-electronic-voting-machine-in-1b-in-franklin-county-ohio-recorded-260-votes-for-john-kerry-and-4258-votes-for-george-w-bush-though-onl.md) _Context: election system_
5. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: election system_
