### [2003-12-11](/news/2003/12/11/index.md)

#  In Israel, an explosion at a money exchange office in a shopping district near the city center of Tel Aviv at 1230 local time (1030 UTC) kills three and injures at least eighteen people. Police say the cause of the explosion was probably criminal rather than terrorist. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3309825.stm]




### Related:

1. [A Tel Aviv, Israel, four story parking lot under construction collapses and kills at least two people and injures 18 others. ](/news/2016/09/5/a-tel-aviv-israel-four-story-parking-lot-under-construction-collapses-and-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-18-others.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting: Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A shooting takes place at a pub in Tel Aviv, Israel, leaving two dead and eight injured. The gunman managed to escape and possibly killed his accomplice, an Arab taxi driver, whose body was found nearby. The police identified the shooter as 30 year old muslim Nisa'at Melkham from Ar'ara and searched his home. ](/news/2016/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-shooting-takes-place-at-a-pub-in-tel-aviv-israel-leaving-two-dead-and-eight-injured-the-gunman-managed.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
5. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: 2013 Rishon LeZion car bombing: At least 2 people are killed in a car bombing in Rishon LeZion near Tel Aviv, Israel. ](/news/2013/02/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2013-rishon-lezion-car-bombing-at-least-2-people-are-killed-in-a-car-bombing-in-rishon-lezion-near-tel-avi.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
7. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
8. [Madonna kicks off the MDNA Tour in Tel Aviv, Israel. ](/news/2012/06/1/madonna-kicks-off-the-mdna-tour-in-tel-aviv-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
9. [A thousand people hold a protest in Tel Aviv over Israel's proposed plan to deport hundreds of migrant workers. ](/news/2012/02/25/a-thousand-people-hold-a-protest-in-tel-aviv-over-israel-s-proposed-plan-to-deport-hundreds-of-migrant-workers.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A truck plows through traffic and pedestrians in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, killing one person and injuring 16 in what is believed to be a terrorist attack, as Palestinians mark Nakba Day.](/news/2011/05/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truck-plows-through-traffic-and-pedestrians-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-one-person-and-injur.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
