### [2003-12-11](/news/2003/12/11/index.md)

# The Inuit Circumpolar Conference says it hopes to petition the inter-American human rights system to rule that Inuit basic rights are being violated by global warming. They claim that the greenhouse effect, exacerbated by the failure of Russia and the USA to sign the Kyoto Protocol, will lead to the destruction of their way of life. 




### Related:

1. [ Inuit leaders want to sue the U.S. government at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights for causing global warming. They view the melting of the polar icecap in the Arctic as a threat to their existence as a people, an assault on their basic human rights. The announcement is expected today in Buenos Aires at the 10th round of international talks on climate change. ](/news/2004/12/16/inuit-leaders-want-to-sue-the-u-s-government-at-the-inter-american-commission-on-human-rights-for-causing-global-warming-they-view-the-me.md) _Context: Human rights, Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, Inuit, global warming_
2. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: Americans, Human rights, Russia_
3. [The United States imposes sanctions on 18 "Magnitsky list" Russians accused of human rights violations. Russia threatens to retaliate. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-united-states-imposes-sanctions-on-18-magnitsky-list-russians-accused-of-human-rights-violations-russia-threatens-to-retaliate.md) _Context: Americans, Human rights, Russia_
4. [Russia announces a tit-for-tat visa bar on Americans guilty of human rights violations, over the US Magnitsky bill. ](/news/2012/12/7/russia-announces-a-tit-for-tat-visa-bar-on-americans-guilty-of-human-rights-violations-over-the-us-magnitsky-bill.md) _Context: Americans, Human rights, Russia_
5. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Americans, Russia_
