### [2014-05-8](/news/2014/05/8/index.md)

# Brazilian oil company Petrobras announces that it plans to cut 8,000 jobs by voluntary dismissal after a significant loss of its economy due to ongoing crisis at its Pasadena Refining System. 




### Source:

1. [GloboNews](http://g1.globo.com/jornal-da-globo/noticia/2014/05/funcionarios-da-petrobras-aderem-ao-plano-de-demissao-voluntaria.html)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Petrobras_
2. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an offshore prospect, in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-the.md) _Context: Petrobras_
3. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/operation-car-wash-brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-fo.md) _Context: Petrobras_
4. [Former President of Brazil Lula da Silva will stand trial on obstruction of justice charges relating to the Petrobras scandal. ](/news/2016/07/29/former-president-of-brazil-lula-da-silva-will-stand-trial-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-relating-to-the-petrobras-scandal.md) _Context: Petrobras_
5. [Impeachment process against Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff. Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This "anti-corruption" ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. ](/news/2016/05/30/impeachment-process-against-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-fabiano-silveira-minister-for-transparency-supervision-and-control-resign.md) _Context: Petrobras_
6. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate unanimously votes to strip Delcidio do Amaral of his senate seat. Amaral, one of Rousseff's biggest foes, was arrested last November for allegedly taking kickbacks from Petrobras. ](/news/2016/05/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-unanimously-votes-to-strip-delcadio-do-amaral-of-his-senate-seat-amara.md) _Context: Petrobras_
7. [Brazilian police raid the home of ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in relation to the Petrobras scandal. Lula is brought in for questioning. ](/news/2016/03/4/brazilian-police-raid-the-home-of-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-in-relation-to-the-petrobras-scandal-lula-is-brought-in-for-quest.md) _Context: Petrobras_
8. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Petrobras_
9. [2015 protests in Brazil. Brazil's lower house of Congress opens impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff over a corruption scandal involving the state-owned oil giant, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-protests-in-brazil-brazil-s-lower-house-of-congress-opens-impeachment-proceedings-against-president-dilma-rousseff-over-a-corruption-s.md) _Context: Petrobras_
10. [Operation Car Wash. In Brazil, prosecutors lodge corruption charges against Speaker of the Lower House Eduardo Cunha and former President Fernando Collor de Mello, alleging illegal activities involving the state-owned oil company, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/08/20/operation-car-wash-in-brazil-prosecutors-lodge-corruption-charges-against-speaker-of-the-lower-house-eduardo-cunha-and-former-president-fe.md) _Context: Petrobras_
