### [2014-05-8](/news/2014/05/8/index.md)

# Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. 

Thailand&#x27;s deposed Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra will face impeachment in the upper house over a costly rice subsidy scheme, the nation&#x27;s anti-graft body said Thursday, in a ruling which could see her banned from politics for five years.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo UK](https://uk.news.yahoo.com/deposed-thai-pm-yingluck-face-impeachment-anti-graft-082259187.html#dW5DUcT)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra, impeach_
2. [2013 Thai protests:. As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-as-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-co.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [Royal Thai Police use tear gas against thousands of protesters calling for the overthrow of the Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra, in Bangkok, Thailand. At least 61 people are injured. ](/news/2012/11/24/royal-thai-police-use-tear-gas-against-thousands-of-protesters-calling-for-the-overthrow-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bang.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [Flooding in Thailand reaches the residence of the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Bangkok, forcing her to withdraw from the Hawaii APEC summit to deal with the crisis. ](/news/2011/11/8/flooding-in-thailand-reaches-the-residence-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bangkok-forcing-her-to-withdraw-from-the-hawaii-ape.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, reassures residents that the capital, Bangkok, will largely escape from major flooding over the weekend. An estimated 289 people have been killed by flooding in Thailand since July 2011. ](/news/2011/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-reassures-residents-that-the-capital-bangkok-will-largely-escape-from-major-flooding.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
6. [Thailand votes in its 26th general election with results showing the Pheu Thai Party loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra winning a majority. Yingluck Shinawatra, the opposition party leader, is expected to be the first female Prime Minister of Thailand. ](/news/2011/07/3/thailand-votes-in-its-26th-general-election-with-results-showing-the-pheu-thai-party-loyal-to-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-winni.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [Thailand's Election Commission fails to endorse 142 prospective members of the House of Representatives including incoming Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and outgoing Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva. ](/news/2011/07/13/thailand-s-election-commission-fails-to-endorse-142-prospective-members-of-the-house-of-representatives-including-incoming-prime-minister-yi.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. ](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [2013-14 Thai political crisis. Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. ](/news/2016/01/15/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
10. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand_
