### [2016-03-15](/news/2016/03/15/index.md)

# A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike  near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts.  Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/15/world/middleeast/omar-chechen-isis-killed-us-airstrike-syria.html?ribbon-ad-idx=3&rref=world&module=ArrowsNav&contentCollection=Middle%20East&action=keypress&region=FixedRight&pgtype=article)
2. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-islamic-state-leader-dead-20160315-story.html)
3. [Reuters via Swiss Broadcasting Corporation](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/reuters/islamic-state-s-shishani-unhurt---amaq-news-agency/42023042)

### Related:

1. [The United States military says ISIL's so-called minister-of-war, Abu Omar al-Shishani, ne Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili, appears to have been killed in a U.S. air strike near the town of Al-Shaddadi in Syria. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-military-says-isil-s-so-called-minister-of-war-abu-omar-al-shishani-na-c-tarkhan-tayumurazovich-batirashvili-appears-to.md) _Context: Al-Shaddadah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Omar al-Shishani, Syria, airstrike_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, airstrike_
3. [The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-killed-other-is-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. military personnel, airstrike_
4. [A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s-led-coalition-warplanes-leaves-at-least-32-islamic-st.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, airstrike_
5. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
6. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: State Department, Syria, airstrike_
8. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, airstrike_
10. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, U.S. military personnel_
