### [2016-03-15](/news/2016/03/15/index.md)

# American-led intervention in Syria: A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts. Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. 




### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-islamic-state-leader-dead-20160315-story.html)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/15/world/middleeast/omar-chechen-isis-killed-us-airstrike-syria.html?ribbon-ad-idx=3&rref=world&module=ArrowsNav&contentCollection=Middle%20East&action=keypress&region=FixedRight&pgtype=article)
3. [Reuters via Swiss Broadcasting Corporation](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/reuters/islamic-state-s-shishani-unhurt---amaq-news-agency/42023042)

### Related:

1. [Military intervention against ISIL: The United States military says ISIL's so-called minister-of-war, Abu Omar al-Shishani, ne Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili, appears to have been killed in a U.S. air strike near the town of Al-Shaddadi in Syria. ](/news/2016/03/8/military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-military-says-isil-s-so-called-minister-of-war-abu-omar-al-shishani-na-c-tarkhan-tayu.md) _Context: Al-Shaddadah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Omar al-Shishani, Syria, airstrike_
2. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Al-Shaddadah, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
3. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, airstrike_
4. [Iraq Civil War: The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/iraq-civil-war-the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States military personnel, airstrike_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, airstrike_
6. [American-led intervention in Syria: Battle of Raqqa (2017): The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-led-intervention-in-syria-battle-of-raqqa-2017-the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States military personnel_
7. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
8. [Military intervention against ISIL: Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/military-intervention-against-isil-denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operatio.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Syria, United States State Department, airstrike_
10. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
