### [2016-03-15](/news/2016/03/15/index.md)

# Shooting of Michael Brown. Ferguson unrest. The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts. This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/15/us/ferguson-justice-department-agreement-vote/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Ferguson unrest. A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/ferguson-unrest-a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
2. [Ferguson unrest. An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/ferguson-unrest-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri, police force_
3. [Shooting of Michael Brown. The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/shooting-of-michael-brown-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, police force, shooting of Michael Brown_
4. [Ferguson unrest. Tyrone Harris, Jr is shot in Ferguson, Missouri after allegedly firing shots at police. He is in a critical condition.](/news/2015/08/9/ferguson-unrest-tyrone-harris-jr-is-shot-in-ferguson-missouri-after-allegedly-firing-shots-at-police-he-is-in-a-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri_
5. [Shooting of Michael Brown. Ferguson PD officer Darren Wilson resigns following a grand jury decision not to indict him in the Michael Brown case. ](/news/2014/11/29/shooting-of-michael-brown-ferguson-pd-officer-darren-wilson-resigns-following-a-grand-jury-decision-not-to-indict-him-in-the-michael-brown.md) _Context: police force, shooting of Michael Brown_
6. [Shooting of Michael Brown. 2014 Ferguson unrest. A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/shooting-of-michael-brown-2014-ferguson-unrest-a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wils.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
7. [Shooting of Michael Brown:. Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/shooting-of-michael-brown-governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-o.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
8. [Shooting of Michael Brown. Protests against the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department in the US state of Missouri turn violent. ](/news/2014/08/13/shooting-of-michael-brown-protests-against-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-by-the-ferguson-police-department-in-the-us-state-of-missouri-turn.md) _Context: police force, shooting of Michael Brown_
9. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
