### [2016-03-15](/news/2016/03/15/index.md)

# The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts.  This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/15/us/ferguson-justice-department-agreement-vote/index.html)

### Related:

1. [A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the  law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-in-ferguson-misso.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
2. [An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri, police force_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-federal-bur.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice, police force, shooting of Michael Brown_
4. [Tyrone Harris, Jr is shot in Ferguson, Missouri after allegedly firing shots at police. He is in a critical condition.](/news/2015/08/9/tyrone-harris-jr-is-shot-in-ferguson-missouri-after-allegedly-firing-shots-at-police-he-is-in-a-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri_
5. [Ferguson PD officer Darren Wilson resigns following a grand jury decision not to indict him in the Michael Brown case. ](/news/2014/11/29/ferguson-pd-officer-darren-wilson-resigns-following-a-grand-jury-decision-not-to-indict-him-in-the-michael-brown-case.md) _Context: police force, shooting of Michael Brown_
6. [A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wilson-in-relation-to-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
7. [Shooting of Michael Brown:Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/shooting-of-michael-brown-pgovernor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-of.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
8. [Protests against the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department in the US state of Missouri turn violent. ](/news/2014/08/13/protests-against-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-by-the-ferguson-police-department-in-the-us-state-of-missouri-turn-violent.md) _Context: police force, shooting of Michael Brown_
9. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
10. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
