### [2016-03-15](/news/2016/03/15/index.md)

# The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issues final recommendations urging doctors to try something besides an opioid when first treating pain, and if an opioid drug, such as hydrocodone or oxycodone, is the best choice, start with the lowest possible dose. 

New guidelines from the CDC urge doctors to take it easy in prescribing the potentially killer drugs.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-news/new-cdc-painkiller-guidelines-go-low-use-less-n538986)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/03/15/cdc-warns-doctors-about-the-dangers-of-prescribing-opioid-painkillers/?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)

### Related:

1. [An autopsy finds that American musician Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, an opioid painkiller 50 times more powerful than heroin. ](/news/2016/06/2/an-autopsy-finds-that-american-musician-prince-died-of-an-overdose-of-fentanyl-an-opioid-painkiller-50-times-more-powerful-than-heroin.md) _Context: opioid_
2. [A new study by University of Colorado Boulder researchers, published in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences", finds opioid medicines can paradoxically cause an increase in chronic pain in lab rats. ](/news/2016/05/30/a-new-study-by-university-of-colorado-boulder-researchers-published-in-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-finds-opioid.md) _Context: opioid_
3. [Zika virus epidemic: More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
4. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
5. [Zika virus outbreak (2015 - present): The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
6. [ Zika virus outbreak (2015-present): The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-unit.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
7. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present): The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
8. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present): The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says evidence strongly suggests sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoin.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
9. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider-n.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
10. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present): The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating 14 cases where the Zika virus may have been sexually transmitted. ](/news/2016/02/23/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-investigating-14-cases-where-the-zika.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
