### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# 2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. 

A top judge in Brazil ruled on Friday that Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role so he can be investigated for graft, minutes after the ex-president rallied tens of thousands of supporters behind embattled President Dilma Rousseff.


### Source:

1. [Fox News Latino](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2016/03/18/turmoil-on-streets-brazil-as-pro-and-anti-government-protesters-face-off/)
2. [Reuters via Swiss Broadcasting Corporation](http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/reuters/brazil-lower-house-launches-impeachment-process-for-rousseff/42029958)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-idUSKCN0WK1IF)
4. [The Globe and  Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/brazilian-protesters-hit-with-water-cannons-tear-gas-as-impeachment-session-starts/article29288144/)
5. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/big-crowds-demonstrate-in-brazil-in-solidarity-with-embattled-government/2016/03/18/a893a9ca-ed11-11e5-a9ce-681055c7a05f_story.html)
6. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/news/world/2016/03/18/brazil-impeachment-gains-speed-as-lulas-job-challenged-in-court.html)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Lula, President's Chief of Staff_
2. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Lula, Supreme Federal Court_
3. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Operation Car Wash, Supreme Federal Court_
4. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Federal Court_
5. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-t.md) _Context: Attorney General, Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Supreme Federal Court_
6. [Brazil protests. Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2016/03/31/brazil-protests-brazil-s-supreme-court-voted-8-2-to-take-over-the-corruption-investigation-of-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Lula, President's Chief of Staff, Supreme Federal Court_
7. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-pre.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff, Operation Car Wash_
8. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/operation-car-wash-brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-l.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula, Operation Car Wash_
9. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recomme.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
10. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. A legal request has been filed to impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff for obstructing justice and fiscal accounting tricks, the second impeachment request against her. In response to the request, Minister of Tourism Henrique Eduardo Alves turned in a resignation letter while the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is expected to hold a party vote on whether or not to leave Rousseff's coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/29/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-a-legal-request-has-been-filed-to-impeach-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-for-obstructing-justice-and-fisca.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Brazilian President, Dilma Rousseff_
