### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016. The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/suspicious-letter-white-powder-donald-trumps-son/story?id=37738571)

### Related:

1. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016. A protestor attempts to storm the stage as Donald Trump was talking at a rally in Dayton, Ohio, causing Secret Service agents to jump on the stage and form a wall around the presidential candidate amid the chaos. The suspect was identified as Thomas Dimassimo, 32, and was charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic, according to Chief Mike Etter of the Dayton Police Department. Dimassimo is a Black Lives Matter activist. ](/news/2016/03/12/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-a-protestor-attempts-to-storm-the-stage-as-donald-trump-was-talking-at-a-rally-in-dayton-ohio-ca.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team, United States Secret Service_
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-l.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
3. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: Donald Trump, FBI_
4. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names his former presidential campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as his Counselor to the President. ](/news/2016/12/22/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-his-former-presidential-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-as-his.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016 timeline. Stop Trump movement. A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-timeline-stop-trump-movement-a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States Secret Service_
6. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016. A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-tr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
7. [Anti-Trump protests. Protests against American president-elect Donald Trump continue in his hometown New York City. ](/news/2016/11/12/anti-trump-protests-protests-against-american-president-elect-donald-trump-continue-in-his-hometown-new-york-city.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
8. [Anti-Trump protests. Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
9. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Paul Manafort resigns as chairman of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/08/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-paul-manafort-resigns-as-chairman-of-donald-trump-s-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
