### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

#  European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. 

Aid groups say the deal, to come into effect on Sunday, is &#039;ugly and illegal&#039;


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/18/europe/eu-turkey-refugees/index.html)
2. [Journal of Turkish Weekly](http://www.turkishweekly.net/2016/03/18/news/eu-will-reach-deal-with-turkey-says-eu-s-schulz/)
3. [Middle East Eye](http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/eu-agrees-migration-deal-position-put-turkey-545791271)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-turkey-davutoglu-idUSKCN0WK0QQ)
5. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/europe-offers-deal-to-turkey-to-take-back-migrants/2016/03/18/809d80ba-ebab-11e5-bc08-3e03a5b41910_story.html)
5. [Cover Image](http://www.middleeasteye.net/sites/default/files/main-images/RefugeesSyria.18March2016.AFP_.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migran.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey, visa-free travel for Turkish citizen_
2. [Human Rights Watch says unidentified armed men have been disabling boats carrying migrants and asylum seekers in the Aegean Sea traveling from Turkey toward the Greek islands. Witnesses have described eight incidents this month in which masked assailants intercepted and disabled the boats by damaging engines or fuel systems, and in the case of inflatable boats, attempting to puncture hulls. ](/news/2015/10/22/human-rights-watch-says-unidentified-armed-men-have-been-disabling-boats-carrying-migrants-and-asylum-seekers-in-the-aegean-sea-traveling-fr.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Human Rights Watch, Turkey_
3. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
4. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
5. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
6. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
7. [At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seaside-town-of-didim-turkey.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
8. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
9. [A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-coast-killing-at-least-24.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
10. [ The Greek coast guard and the European Union border agency Frontex, in six separate operations, rescue a total of 383 migrants attempting to sail from Turkey to the eastern Greek islands. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-greek-coast-guard-and-the-european-union-border-agency-frontex-in-six-separate-operations-rescue-a-total-of-383-migrants-attempting-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Turkey_
