### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. 

Pakistan’s former military ruler Pervez Musharraf, who faces trial in a series of cases including treason, left the country on Friday for medical treatment hours after the government took his name off a no-fly list.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-18/musharraf-leaves-pakistan-for-treatment-after-travel-ban-lifted)

### Related:

1. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)]: At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)]: Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court, United States_
3. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
4. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
6. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
7. [ Pakistan reinstates Supreme Court judges ousted by former President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/09/5/pakistan-reinstates-supreme-court-judges-ousted-by-former-president-pervez-musharraf.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
8. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
9. [ Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) announces it has decided to leave the governing coalition because of differences over how to restore around 60 judges sacked by President Pervez Musharraf on November 3, 2007. ](/news/2008/05/12/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-party-pakistan-muslim-league-n-announces-it-has-decided-to-leave-the-governing-coalition-because-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]: President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007: Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)]: Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Supreme Court_
