### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. 

Iain Duncan Smith resigns as work and pensions secretary over &quot;indefensible&quot; changes to disability benefits, but David Cameron says he is &quot;puzzled and disappointed&quot; at the decision.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-35848687)

### Related:

1. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: Britain, Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
2. [Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. ](/news/2013/05/11/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-says-that-the-finance-ministers-and-central-bankers-of-the-g7-have-agreed-there-must.md) _Context: Britain, Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
3. [George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. ](/news/2011/02/8/george-osborne-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-announces-that-the-tax-on-bank-profits-will-become-permanent.md) _Context: Britain, Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
4. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Britain, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
5. [It is reported that UK Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith's department has made a formal complaint to the BBC over claims of anti-Government bias, as Duncan Smith himself attacks the Corporation in a "Mail on Sunday" article for what he perceives to be its negative stance towards the coalition. ](/news/2012/08/19/it-is-reported-that-uk-work-and-pensions-secretary-iain-duncan-smith-s-department-has-made-a-formal-complaint-to-the-bbc-over-claims-of-anti.md) _Context: Iain Duncan Smith, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
6. [The Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne delivers the 2011 United Kingdom budget. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-delivers-the-2011-united-kingdom-budget.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
7. [In the United Kingdom, Chancellor George Osborne outlines a Comprehensive Spending Review which will see the biggest spending cuts in decades, totalling GBP81bn, with welfare, local government and police particularly affected. ](/news/2010/10/20/in-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-george-osborne-outlines-a-comprehensive-spending-review-which-will-see-the-biggest-spending-cuts-in-decade.md) _Context: Britain, George Osborne_
8. [ British Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling delivers the pre Budget report, with tax rises and spending cuts to reduce the government debt. ](/news/2009/12/9/british-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-delivers-the-pre-budget-report-with-tax-rises-and-spending-cuts-to-reduce-the-governm.md) _Context: Britain, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
9. [ United Kingdom Secretary of State for Work and Pensions James Purnell announces his resignation and requests that Prime Minister Gordon Brown also resign. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/04/james-purnell-resigns-gordon-brown-cabinet "(Guardian)"]](/news/2009/06/4/united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-james-purnell-announces-his-resignation-and-requests-that-prime-minister-gordon-bro.md) _Context: Britain, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
10. [ Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling releases details of a rescue package aimed at restoring confidence in British Banks. As part of the deal the British Government will provide GBP50bn of investment, provide a further GBP200bn in short term loans and guarantee up to GBP250bn of intra-bank loans ](/news/2008/10/8/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-releases-details-of-a-rescue-package-aimed-at-restoring-confidence-in-british-banks.md) _Context: Britain, Chancellor of the Exchequer_
