### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). 

Pyongyang launches what appears to be two medium-range ballistic missiles weeks after being hit with tough new sanctions.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/17/asia/north-korea-missile-launch/index.html)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1662062/north-korea-fires-ballistic-missile-into-sea)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-no.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. military, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, ballistic missile_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, intercontinental ballistic_
