### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# Salah Abdeslam, the alleged suspect and primary perpetrator of the November 2015 Paris attacks is shot and arrested by Belgian authorities in a Brussels raid. 

French national, 26, has been on the run since November’s attacks in French capital that left 130 dead


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/18/paris-attacks-suspect-salah-abdeslam-wounded-in-brussels-terror-raid-reports)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/fc4a71be4380ebbc122a9452749de632f432edf1/433_623_2058_1236/master/2058.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=ed642342c9c6b24d7159bf9f2c067403)

### Related:

1. [Belgian prosecutors hand over Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks, to French authorities. ](/news/2016/04/27/belgian-prosecutors-hand-over-salah-abdeslam-a-key-suspect-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-to-french-authorities.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Salah Abdeslam_
2. [Belgian security forces hunt gunmen linked to the November 2015 Paris attacks following a raid on a house in Brussels which left four officers wounded and one suspect dead after an exchange of gunfire. Roads have been blocked off in the Belgian capital's southern suburb of Forest as one or more gunmen remain at large. ](/news/2016/03/15/belgian-security-forces-hunt-gunmen-linked-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-following-a-raid-on-a-house-in-brussels-which-left-four-office.md) _Context: 2016 Brussels police raids, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [French intelligence services are reportedly operating under the theory that Paris-attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has escaped to Syria despite country-wide martial law in 3 different countries. ](/news/2015/11/30/french-intelligence-services-are-reportedly-operating-under-the-theory-that-paris-attacks-suspect-salah-abdeslam-has-escaped-to-syria-despit.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Salah Abdeslam_
4. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
6. [Mohamed Abrini has reportedly admitted to being the "man in the hat" sought after the Brussels bombings. He is also being charged with involvement in the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2016/04/9/mohamed-abrini-has-reportedly-admitted-to-being-the-man-in-the-hat-sought-after-the-brussels-bombings-he-is-also-being-charged-with-invol.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
7. [Six people are arrested in Belgium including:Mohamed Abrini, wanted in connection with the 2015 Paris attacks, is arrested in Belgium. ](/news/2016/04/8/six-people-are-arrested-in-belgium-including-mohamed-abrini-wanted-in-connection-with-the-2015-paris-attacks-is-arrested-in-belgium.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
8. [Three people arrested yesterday in connection with last year's attacks in Paris are released without charge. ](/news/2016/04/13/three-people-arrested-yesterday-in-connection-with-last-year-s-attacks-in-paris-are-released-without-charge.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
9. [ Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-brussels-bombing-also-three.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
10. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-ministe.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
