### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/suspicious-letter-white-powder-donald-trumps-son/story?id=37738571)

### Related:

1. [A protestor attempts to storm the stage as Donald Trump was talking at a rally in Dayton, Ohio, causing Secret Service agents to jump on the stage and form a wall around the presidential candidate amid the chaos. The suspect was identified as Thomas Dimassimo, 32, and was charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic, according to Chief Mike Etter of the Dayton Police Department. Dimassimo is a Black Lives Matter activist. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-protestor-attempts-to-storm-the-stage-as-donald-trump-was-talking-at-a-rally-in-dayton-ohio-causing-secret-service-agents-to-jump-on-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States Secret Service, presidential campaign_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump names his former presidential campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as his Counselor to the President. ](/news/2016/12/22/president-elect-donald-trump-names-his-former-presidential-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-as-his-counselor-to-the-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
3. [ A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-being-rushed-off-stage-by-united-states-secret-service-agents-at-a-camp.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States Secret Service_
4. [A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-trump-s-work-history-shows-that-she-was-an-i.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
5. [Protests against American president-elect Donald Trump continue in his hometown New York City. ](/news/2016/11/12/protests-against-american-president-elect-donald-trump-continue-in-his-hometown-new-york-city.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
6. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, New York City_
7. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
8. [Paul Manafort resigns as chairman of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/08/19/paul-manafort-resigns-as-chairman-of-donald-trump-s-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
9. [Conservative leaders seeking an alternative to the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump are urging Tennessee attorney and ''National Review'' writer David French to enter the 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate. ](/news/2016/05/31/conservative-leaders-seeking-an-alternative-to-the-republican-party-s-presumptive-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-are-urging-tennessee-att.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
10. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential campaign_
