### [2016-03-18](/news/2016/03/18/index.md)

# The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and  a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two  ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). 

Pyongyang launches what appears to be two medium-range ballistic missiles weeks after being hit with tough new sanctions.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1662062/north-korea-fires-ballistic-missile-into-sea)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/17/asia/north-korea-missile-launch/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: Defense Department, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
2. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
3. [North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
4. [South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, ballistic missile_
5. [North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other  lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch-while-the-main-part-of-the-other-lands-in-j.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
6. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
7. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
8. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
9. [North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country's founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea's Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibly-preparing-for-launch-on-or-around-friday-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
10. [North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-officials-this-occurred-while-world-leaders-are-a.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, ballistic missile_
