### [2007-06-1](/news/2007/06/1/index.md)

#  Dr. Jack Kevorkian is released from prison after serving 8 years for assisting terminally ill patients with suicide. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/06/01/AR2007060100179_pf.html)

### Related:

1. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: prison_
2. [Martin Shkreli's Turing Pharmaceuticals is reneging on its pledge to cut the $750-per-pill price for Daraprim, a medication that has been marketed for 62 years. Instead, the biotech company is reducing what it charges hospitals, by up to 50 percent, for this parasitic infection treatment. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a pharmacy that compounds prescription drugs for individual patients, started selling a custom-made version of Pyrimethamine, the chemical name for Daraprim, for 99 cents per capsule. Impris reports orders are pouring in from doctors.  ](/news/2015/11/26/martin-shkreli-s-turing-pharmaceuticals-is-reneging-on-its-pledge-to-cut-the-750-per-pill-price-for-daraprim-a-medication-that-has-been-ma.md) _Context: doctors_
3. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: prison_
4. [Renowned Japanese scientist Yoshiki Sasai commits suicide, after the discrediting of certain experimental results he supervised, regarding stem cells.  ](/news/2014/08/5/renowned-japanese-scientist-yoshiki-sasai-commits-suicide-after-the-discrediting-of-certain-experimental-results-he-supervised-regarding-s.md) _Context: suicide_
5. [Panamanian authorities seize North Korean bulk carrier ''Chong Chon Gang'' after a missile is found on board. The captain of the ship, which was en route from Cuba, attempted to commit suicide.](/news/2013/07/16/panamanian-authorities-seize-north-korean-bulk-carrier-chong-chon-gang-after-a-missile-is-found-on-board-the-captain-of-the-ship-which.md) _Context: suicide_
6. [Rehtaeh Parsons, a 17-year-old Canadian gang-rape victim from Halifax, Novia Scotia, is taken off of life support and dies three days after a suicide attempt. Parson's claimed to have been raped when she was 15, she had been bullied ever since the alleged incident; officials with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the justice system are deciding whether to file charges. ](/news/2013/04/7/rehtaeh-parsons-a-17-year-old-canadian-gang-rape-victim-from-halifax-novia-scotia-is-taken-off-of-life-support-and-dies-three-days-after.md) _Context: suicide_
7. [James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. ](/news/2013/03/18/james-seevakumaran-a-30-year-old-student-at-the-university-of-central-florida-pulls-the-fire-alarm-and-plans-to-attack-the-school-instead.md) _Context: suicide_
8. [Prominent French lawyer Olivier Metzner is found dead of an apparent suicide. ](/news/2013/03/17/prominent-french-lawyer-olivier-metzner-is-found-dead-of-an-apparent-suicide.md) _Context: suicide_
9. [Israel confirms that in 2010 it secretly imprisoned an Australian-Israeli man, known as Prisoner X, and that he committed suicide in custody. ](/news/2013/02/13/israel-confirms-that-in-2010-it-secretly-imprisoned-an-australianaisraeli-man-known-as-prisoner-x-and-that-he-committed-suicide-in-custo.md) _Context: suicide_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:A suicide bomber kills at least eight people at a political rally in Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2012/12/22/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-eight-people-at-a-political-rally-in-peshawar-pakistan.md) _Context: suicide_
