### [2015-03-7](/news/2015/03/7/index.md)

# Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a371bf8eabce499495e2b6bcd578d3aa/nemtsov-killing-suspects-whereabouts-unknown)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/07/europe/russia-nemtsov-murder-arrest/index.html)

### Related:

1. [A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. ](/news/2015/03/8/a-court-in-moscow-charges-two-men-of-chechen-origin-zaur-dadayev-and-ansor-gubashev-who-were-among-five-arrested-march-7-with-the-murder.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Zaur Dadayev, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
2. [The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-who-confessed-to-being-part-of-the.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Zaur Dadayev, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
3. [Aftermath of the A jury trial convicts five individuals accused of working together to assassinate Boris Nemtsov.  These individuals had been promised a bounty of 15 million Russian rubles. Critics say the original financiers and organizers of the crime have not been identified. ](/news/2017/06/29/aftermath-of-the-a-jury-trial-convicts-five-individuals-accused-of-working-together-to-assassinate-boris-nemtsov-these-individuals-had-bee.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
4. [A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-large-rally-with-estimated-counts-ranging-from-7-500-to-100-000-honors-former-deputy-prime-minister-and-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
5. [In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. ](/news/2015/02/27/in-moscow-an-unidentified-attacker-assassinates-leading-russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-the-former-deputy-chairman-of-the-gove.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
6. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [A man shoots several people in a nightclub in Konstanz, Germany, killing one. The gunman was shot and killed by police. ](/news/2017/07/30/a-man-shoots-several-people-in-a-nightclub-in-konstanz-germany-killing-one-the-gunman-was-shot-and-killed-by-police.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
