### [2009-03-9](/news/2009/03/9/index.md)

#  National Islamic Front founder Hassan al-Turabi is released after seven weeks of incarceration for suggesting that Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir should surrender to the International Criminal Court. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5g4MlEURQSctzJlNMl-dN7ZKNbABgD96QESQO1)

### Related:

1. [Sudan:Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/sudan-pmany-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-crim.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
2. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
3. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
4. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
5. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
6. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
7. [The International Criminal Court reports Kenya to the United Nations Security Council over a visit by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to the country. ](/news/2010/08/28/the-international-criminal-court-reports-kenya-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-a-visit-by-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-to-t.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
8. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrives in Chad, a member of the International Criminal Court, despite an arrest warrant. ](/news/2010/07/21/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-arrives-in-chad-a-member-of-the-international-criminal-court-despite-an-arrest-warrant.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
9. [Judges at the International Criminal Court rule that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir could face charges of genocide over the War in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/3/judges-at-the-international-criminal-court-rule-that-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-face-charges-of-genocide-over-the-war-in-darfur.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
10. [ In an unexpected move, Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir replaces Salah Gosh, his country's chief of security and intelligence since the mid-1990s, with General Mohamed Atta al-Mawla. ](/news/2009/08/14/in-an-unexpected-move-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-replaces-salah-gosh-his-country-s-chief-of-security-and-intelligence-since-the-mi.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, President, Sudan_
