### [2009-03-9](/news/2009/03/9/index.md)

#  North Korea says an interception of its upcoming "satellite" launch would "mean a war." 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/asiapcf/03/08/nkorea.launch/index.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States.  South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for-a-long-range-missile-that-could-hit-the-unite.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
2. [South Korea launches its first civilian rocket called Naro-1 carrying a scientific satellite STSAT-2C amidst tension with North Korea. ](/news/2013/01/30/south-korea-launches-its-first-civilian-rocket-called-naro-1-carrying-a-scientific-satellite-stsat-2c-amidst-tension-with-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
3. [Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans celebrate the successful launch of the Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2 satellite in Pyongyang's Kim Il-Sung Square. ](/news/2012/12/14/hundreds-of-thousands-of-north-koreans-celebrate-the-successful-launch-of-the-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-satellite-in-pyongyang-s-kim-il-sung.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
4. [North Korea's first satellite successfully put into orbit, Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2, appears to be spinning out of control, according to U.S. officials. South Korean sources later deny the report, saying the satellite appears to be orbiting Earth normally. ](/news/2012/12/13/north-korea-s-first-satellite-successfully-put-into-orbit-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-appears-to-be-spinning-out-of-control-according-to-u.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
5. [North Korea successfully launches a long-range Unha rocket to put its first satellite into space, the aim of what critics say is a disguised ballistic missile test. The United Nations condemns the action. ](/news/2012/12/12/north-korea-successfully-launches-a-long-range-unha-rocket-to-put-its-first-satellite-into-space-the-aim-of-what-critics-say-is-a-disguised.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
6. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
7. [ Japan announces it will intercept North Korea's upcoming satellite launch if the boosters threaten its territory. ](/news/2009/03/13/japan-announces-it-will-intercept-north-korea-s-upcoming-satellite-launch-if-the-boosters-threaten-its-territory.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
8. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
