### [2009-03-9](/news/2009/03/9/index.md)

#  Standing Committee Chairman Wu Bangguo tells the National People's Congress that China will not adopt Western democracy. 

A high-ranking official of the Communist Party told the National People’s Congress that the country would never adopt a multiparty political system.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/10/world/asia/10beijing.html)

### Related:

1. [A Chinese court sentences dissident Chen Wei to nine years imprisonment for "inciting subversion of state power", after he published essays online calling for multiparty democracy. ](/news/2011/12/23/a-chinese-court-sentences-dissident-chen-wei-to-nine-years-imprisonment-for-inciting-subversion-of-state-power-after-he-published-essays.md) _Context: China, democratic progress_
2. [Chinese authorities implement new controls on the content of text messages sent to mobile phones according to service providers, including references to democracy, human rights, and corruption.](/news/2011/01/6/chinese-authorities-implement-new-controls-on-the-content-of-text-messages-sent-to-mobile-phones-according-to-service-providers-including-r.md) _Context: China, democratic progress_
3. [ Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers the annual government work report as the 11th National People's Congress's second session begins. ](/news/2009/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-the-annual-government-work-report-as-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-s-second-session-begins.md) _Context: China, National People's Congress_
4. [ The Standing Committee of China's NPC approves the Food Safety Law, which will enhance supervision and strengthen quality standards. ](/news/2009/02/28/the-standing-committee-of-china-s-npc-approves-the-food-safety-law-which-will-enhance-supervision-and-strengthen-quality-standards.md) _Context: China, Standing Committee of the National People's Congress_
5. [ Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao holds the first online discussion with Internet users before the National People's Congress's annual plenary session. ](/news/2009/02/28/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-holds-the-first-online-discussion-with-internet-users-before-the-national-people-s-congress-s-annual-plenary-ses.md) _Context: China, National People's Congress_
6. [ The U.S. dollar stumbles to new lows after Cheng Siwei, vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, calls for China to shift more of its $1.43 trillion of currency reserves into "stronger currencies", such as the euro. ](/news/2007/11/7/the-u-s-dollar-stumbles-to-new-lows-after-cheng-siwei-vice-chairman-of-the-standing-committee-of-the-national-people-s-congress-calls-fo.md) _Context: China, Standing Committee of the National People's Congress_
7. [ Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)] Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer] The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)] An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)] Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)] The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc-former-philippine.md) _Context: China, Westerners_
8. [At least 36 people die in a bus crash in China's Shaanxi province. The bus was travelling between Chengdu and Luoyang. ](/news/2017/08/10/at-least-36-people-die-in-a-bus-crash-in-china-s-shaanxi-province-the-bus-was-travelling-between-chengdu-and-luoyang.md) _Context: China_
9. [An early morning fire in the Chinese city of Changshu in Jiangsu province kills 22 people and injures three. ](/news/2017/07/16/an-early-morning-fire-in-the-chinese-city-of-changshu-in-jiangsu-province-kills-22-people-and-injures-three.md) _Context: China_
10. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: China_
