### [2012-05-15](/news/2012/05/15/index.md)

# A free trade agreement between the United States and Colombia takes effect. 

A free trade agreement between the US and Colombia takes effect five years after being signed, with Colombian flowers the first goods to be sent.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-18069469)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry holds a meeting with leaders of FARC in a sign of encouragement in ending Colombia's half-century old conflict. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-holds-a-meeting-with-leaders-of-farc-in-a-sign-of-encouragement-in-ending-colombia-s-half-century-old-con.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
2. [The President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, gives an address to a joint session of the United States Congress, emphasizing the importance of a recently-concluded free trade deal between South Korea and the United States, and expounding the need to improve relations with North Korea. ](/news/2011/10/13/the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-gives-an-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-emphasizing-the-importance-o.md) _Context: United States, free trade_
3. [A court in Colombia declares as unconstitutional a controversial deal allowing the United States to freely use its military bases and says it will have to be redrafted; other Latin American countries have expressed concern that the United States is exerting excessive influence on the region. ](/news/2010/08/18/a-court-in-colombia-declares-as-unconstitutional-a-controversial-deal-allowing-the-united-states-to-freely-use-its-military-bases-and-says-i.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
4. [The United States defends its decision to appoint as Venezuelan ambassador Larry Palmer, who has expressed negative views of the country in the past, including insinuating that it has ties with Colombian rebels. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-states-defends-its-decision-to-appoint-as-venezuelan-ambassador-larry-palmer-who-has-expressed-negative-views-of-the-country-in.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
5. [Venezuela extradites Colombian Carlos Alberto Renteria to the United States: the US claims he is a major drug cartel leader. ](/news/2010/07/14/venezuela-extradites-colombian-carlos-alberto-renteria-to-the-united-states-the-us-claims-he-is-a-major-drug-cartel-leader.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
6. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
7. [ Colombia claims to have completed talks with the United States to allow US troops to use seven of Colombia's military bases. ](/news/2009/08/15/colombia-claims-to-have-completed-talks-with-the-united-states-to-allow-us-troops-to-use-seven-of-colombia-s-military-bases.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
8. [ UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. ](/news/2009/08/11/unasur-leaders-express-fresh-concerns-over-colombian-plans-to-grant-united-states-troops-access-to-its-military-bases-but-cannot-agree-on-a.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
9. [ Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-diego-murillo-bejarano-to-the-uni.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
10. [ Colombian authorities release seized videos of 16 hostages being held by the FARC rebel group; these include former senator and presidential candidate ngrid Betancourt, last heard from in 2002, and three U.S. defence contractors abducted in 2003. ](/news/2007/11/30/colombian-authorities-release-seized-videos-of-16-hostages-being-held-by-the-farc-rebel-group-these-include-former-senator-and-presidentia.md) _Context: Colombia, United States_
