### [2012-05-15](/news/2012/05/15/index.md)

# Francois Hollande is sworn in as the 24th President of France. Hollande appoints Jean-Marc Ayrault as his Prime Minister. 

Socialist Francois Hollande is sworn in as France&#039;s president before naming a prime minister and dashing to Germany to battle with Berlin over how to tackle Europe&#039;s debt crisis.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18067852)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/9266374/Francois-Hollande-is-sworn-in-and-heads-for-showdown-with-Merkel.html)

### Related:

1. [The French president Francois Hollande reshuffles his cabinet, bringing in three ministers from two green parties, Europe Ecology - The Greens and Ecologistes !; former Prime Minister of France Jean-Marc Ayrault is named as the new Foreign Minister replacing Laurent Fabius who resigned earlier in the week. ](/news/2016/02/11/the-french-president-franassois-hollande-reshuffles-his-cabinet-bringing-in-three-ministers-from-two-green-parties-europe-ecology-a-the-g.md) _Context: François Hollande, Jean-Marc Ayrault, Prime Minister_
2. [Francois Hollande, the President of France names a new Cabinet led by Prime Minister Manuel Valls with ministers who rebelled against spending cuts dropped. ](/news/2014/08/26/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-names-a-new-cabinet-led-by-prime-minister-manuel-valls-with-ministers-who-rebelled-against-spend.md) _Context: François Hollande, Prime Minister, president_
3. [The Prime Minister of France Manuel Valls presents President Francois Hollande with the resignation of the cabinet, with a new cabinet to be appointed tomorrow. ](/news/2014/08/25/the-prime-minister-of-france-manuel-valls-presents-president-franassois-hollande-with-the-resignation-of-the-cabinet-with-a-new-cabinet-to-b.md) _Context: François Hollande, Prime Minister, president_
4. [French politicsFrench government and Socialist Party  admit major defeat following the The President of France Franois Hollande appoints Manuel Valls, previously Minister of the Interior, as the new Prime Minister. He replaces Jean-Marc Ayrault. ](/news/2014/03/31/french-politicspfrench-government-and-socialist-party-admit-major-defeat-following-the-the-president-of-france-francois-hollande-appoints-m.md) _Context: Jean-Marc Ayrault, Prime Minister, president_
5. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: François Hollande, president_
6. [French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that  allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-about-paris-at-friday-s-conservative.md) _Context: François Hollande, president_
7. [Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-this-leaves-the-selection.md) _Context: François Hollande, president_
8. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: François Hollande, president_
9. [The President of France Francois Hollande extends a state of emergency against terrorism for three months following the attack which has now claimed over 80 lives. He had previously announced that it would be lifted on 26 July. ](/news/2016/07/15/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-extends-a-state-of-emergency-against-terrorism-for-three-months-following-the-attack-which-has-no.md) _Context: François Hollande, president_
10. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: François Hollande, president_
