### [2012-05-15](/news/2012/05/15/index.md)

# Thousands of Palestinians demonstrate on the 64th anniversary of their "Nakba" (en, in remembrance of their exodus from the former Mandate of Palestine after Israel's declaration of independence in 1948. Demonstrators and Israeli policemen are lightly injured in several clashes. 

Rallies and demonstrations in West Bank, Gaza and Israel as Palestinians commemorate displacement from lands in 1948.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/05/2012515773236523.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-18073381)
3. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/police-idf-on-high-alert-ahead-of-nakba-day/)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2012/5/15/2012515135525283734_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian terrorist in East Jerusalem as he rams them with his tractor. ](/news/2009/04/7/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-terrorist-in-east-jerusalem-as-he-rams-them-with-his-tractor.md) _Context: Israeli police, Palestinian_
2. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Israeli police, Palestinian_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israeli police_
4. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
5. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian_
6. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
7. [A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-then-the-nearby-police-headquarters-in-jerusalem-ki.md) _Context: Israeli police_
8. [The Palestinian National Authority says it is planning to sue the United Kingdom over the 1917 Balfour Declaration. Palestinian Foreign Affairs Minister Riyad al-Maliki says the document led to mass Jewish immigration to British Mandatory Palestine, "at the expense of our Palestinian people". ](/news/2016/07/26/the-palestinian-national-authority-says-it-is-planning-to-sue-the-united-kingdom-over-the-1917-balfour-declaration-palestinian-foreign-affa.md) _Context: British Mandatory Palestine_
9. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Palestinian_
