### [2004-08-1](/news/2004/08/1/index.md)

#  The U.S. raises the security alert level to high for the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C., the New York Stock Exchange and companies in the New York City area on Sunday after intelligence signals a possible al Qaeda attack. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=5837340)

### Related:

1. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: District of Columbia, International Monetary Fund, New York Stock Exchange, World Bank, al-Qaeda_
2. [ An internal investigation by the Washington, D.C., police department indicates that hundreds of people arrested for failure to obey a police order to disperse at Pershing Park on September 27, 2002, during protests against the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund were never actually ordered to disperse before being arrested. MPDC Chief Charles Ramsey was unapologetic, indicating that the actions of the police were necessary to protect the city.](/news/2003/02/27/an-internal-investigation-by-the-washington-d-c-police-department-indicates-that-hundreds-of-people-arrested-for-failure-to-obey-a-polic.md) _Context: District of Columbia, International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
3. [ President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez announces that Venezuela will withdraw from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. ](/news/2007/04/30/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-announces-that-venezuela-will-withdraw-from-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-world-bank.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
4. [ The G7 leaders meet in Washington, D.C. in the World Bank headquarters. Among the main discussion points are the rising price of oil and the pegging of the Chinese yuan to the U.S. dollar. ](/news/2005/04/16/the-g7-leaders-meet-in-washington-d-c-in-the-world-bank-headquarters-among-the-main-discussion-points-are-the-rising-price-of-oil-and-th.md) _Context: District of Columbia, World Bank_
5. [ Reports state that information that led the US to raise the terror alert for five financial centers in New York City, northern New Jersey and Washington, D.C. was mainly three or four years old but had been updated as recently as January. Administration officials note, too, that al Qaeda is known for its planning, and that this information became available following the ](/news/2004/08/3/reports-state-that-information-that-led-the-us-to-raise-the-terror-alert-for-five-financial-centers-in-new-york-city-northern-new-jersey-a.md) _Context: District of Columbia, al-Qaeda_
6. [ The International Monetary Fund has joined the World Bank in forgiving US$4 billion of the $6.5bn debt owed by Nicaragua, sharply reducing the nation's overall debt payments.](/news/2004/01/23/the-international-monetary-fund-has-joined-the-world-bank-in-forgiving-us-4-billion-of-the-6-5bn-debt-owed-by-nicaragua-sharply-reducing.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
7. [ Anti-globalization protests in Prague, at the summit of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.](/news/2000/09/27/anti-globalization-protests-in-prague-at-the-summit-of-the-international-monetary-fund-and-world-bank.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund, World Bank_
8. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
9. [Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-treaty-fly-over-several-washington.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
