### [2014-05-15](/news/2014/05/15/index.md)

# National September 11 Memorial & Museum:. First Family Barack and Michelle Obama and numerous political figures visit and dedicate the memorial with the victims on Ground Zero. 

President Barack Obama will join 9/11 survivors, rescuers and family members of victims to dedicate the National September 11 Memorial Museum in New York City Thursday.


### Source:

1. [PBS](http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/obama-911-survivors-family-inaugurate-ground-zero-museum/)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/16/nyregion/at-9-11-museum-dedication-remembrance-and-resilience.html)

### Related:

1. [United States-Cuban Thaw. U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/united-states-cuban-thaw-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of.md) _Context: Barack Obama, First Family_
2. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Michelle Obama_
3. [An Idaho man, Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez, is charged with the attempted assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama, after two bullets are found embedded in the exterior of the White House. The President and First Lady were not present at the time of the alleged attack. ](/news/2011/11/17/an-idaho-man-oscar-ramiro-ortega-hernandez-is-charged-with-the-attempted-assassination-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-after-two-bullets-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Michelle Obama_
4. [The First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama, makes an unannounced visit to Haiti. It is her first official trip overseas without US President Barack Obama since he took office last year. ](/news/2010/04/13/the-first-lady-of-the-united-states-michelle-obama-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-haiti-it-is-her-first-official-trip-overseas-without-us.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Michelle Obama_
5. [ Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi tells a rally in Milan about his encounters with President of the United States Barack Obama, saying: "What's his name? Some tanned guy... Ah, Barack Obama!", also commenting on his wife Michelle: "You won't believe it, but two of them went to the beach because the wife is also tanned". ](/news/2009/09/27/italian-premier-silvio-berlusconi-tells-a-rally-in-milan-about-his-encounters-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-saying-wh.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Michelle Obama_
6. [Cuba-United States relations. U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/cuba-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations. U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama-s administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
