### [2010-11-19](/news/2010/11/19/index.md)

# Germany says the laptop bag containing an explosive simulation training device found at Namibia's main airport during loading of a flight to Munich was part of a security test, a day after German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere issued a warning of possible terror attacks next week. 

A dummy bomb that sparked an international terror alert was made by an 80-year-old Calif. grandmother and was discarded in an Namibia airport because of &quot;a boo boo,&quot; NBC reported.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/40270827/ns/world_news-europe)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6AI1V820101119)

### Related:

1. [Police discover a detonator, batteries and a ticking clock in Namibia's Windhoek Airport apparently due to be loaded on an aircraft bound for Munich, Germany. ](/news/2010/11/18/police-discover-a-detonator-batteries-and-a-ticking-clock-in-namibia-s-windhoek-airport-apparently-due-to-be-loaded-on-an-aircraft-bound-fo.md) _Context: Germany, Munich, Namibia's main airport_
2. [Crime in Germany. A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/crime-in-germany-a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-off.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
3. [2016 Munich shooting. Ten people, including the gunman, are killed and 21 wounded in a shooting in and around the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum shopping mall in the Moosach district of Munich, Germany, next to the Olympic stadium.](/news/2016/07/22/2016-munich-shooting-ten-people-including-the-gunman-are-killed-and-21-wounded-in-a-shooting-in-and-around-the-olympia-einkaufszentrum-sh.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
4. [ Munich knife attack. One person is killed and several others injured in a knife attack at the Grafing station, a station of the Munich S-Bahn system in Germany. ](/news/2016/05/10/munich-knife-attack-one-person-is-killed-and-several-others-injured-in-a-knife-attack-at-the-grafing-station-a-station-of-the-munich-s-ba.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
5. [European migrant crisis. Austria-Germany relations. German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere strongly criticizes Austria's decision to put a daily cap on the number of refugees the country can accept. Austria has set a limit of dealing with 80 asylum applications a day, while letting thousands of others transit to Germany. Maiziere said this sends "the wrong signal" and is "unacceptable". ](/news/2016/02/22/european-migrant-crisis-austria-germany-relations-german-interior-minister-thomas-de-maizia-re-strongly-criticizes-austria-s-decision-to.md) _Context: German Interior Minister, Thomas de Maiziere_
6. [Federal Minister of the Interior Thomas de Maiziere tells a news conference in Berlin that there is no concrete evidence of an imminent attack and "no reason to be alarmist at this time"; the Japanese government alerts its citizens to watch out for any attacks in Europe. The United States and UK have both done so in recent times. ](/news/2010/10/4/federal-minister-of-the-interior-thomas-de-maizia-re-tells-a-news-conference-in-berlin-that-there-is-no-concrete-evidence-of-an-imminent-att.md) _Context: German Interior Minister, Thomas de Maiziere_
7. [ Suspected Nazi death-camp officer John Demjanjuk arrives in Munich, Germany, to begin his trial. ](/news/2009/05/12/suspected-nazi-death-camp-officer-john-demjanjuk-arrives-in-munich-germany-to-begin-his-trial.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
8. [ Germany scraps plans to build the Transrapid high-speed monorail link between the Bavarian capital Munich and its airport because of a massive overrun in costs. ](/news/2008/03/27/germany-scraps-plans-to-build-the-transrapid-high-speed-monorail-link-between-the-bavarian-capital-munich-and-its-airport-because-of-a-mass.md) _Context: Germany, Munich_
9. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Konstanz shooting. A man shoots several people in a nightclub in Konstanz, Germany, killing one. The gunman was shot and killed by police. ](/news/2017/07/30/konstanz-shooting-a-man-shoots-several-people-in-a-nightclub-in-konstanz-germany-killing-one-the-gunman-was-shot-and-killed-by-police.md) _Context: Germany_
