### [2010-11-19](/news/2010/11/19/index.md)

# NATO members meet in Lisbon, Portugal, to discuss progress in the War in Afghanistan and relations with Russia. 

Nato members meet in Lisbon for a crucial summit, with a timetable for handing security to Afghan forces topping the agenda.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11793407)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/11/20101119203612618403.html)

### Related:

1. [A small Swiss-owned plane crashes in the Portuguese village of Tires, west of Lisbon, killing at least five people. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-small-swiss-owned-plane-crashes-in-the-portuguese-village-of-tires-west-of-lisbon-killing-at-least-five-people.md) _Context: Lisbon, Portuguese_
2. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
3. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
4. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
5. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
6. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, ''Admiral Kuznetsov'', en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-s.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
7. [NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments-in-bolstering-its-pr.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
9. [NATO announces it will hold a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at the ambassadorial level at NATO headquarters in Brussels in the next two weeks after a two-year break since NATO cut all practical cooperation with Russia in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/8/nato-announces-it-will-hold-a-meeting-of-the-natoarussia-council-at-the-ambassadorial-level-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-in-the-next-t.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
10. [NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
