### [2010-11-19](/news/2010/11/19/index.md)

# Responding to Palestinians firing phosphorus shells and mortars into Israel, the Israel Air Force bombs at least two targets in the Gaza Strip and will file a complaint with the UN. The Salah al-Din Brigades claim responsibility, saying the rockets were responding to the killing of two members of the al-Qaida affiliated Army of Islam in Gaza. 

Israeli warplanes raided at leasttwo targets in the Gaza Strip on Friday, Palestinian witnessesand Hamas officials said.


### Source:

1. [JTA](http://www.jta.org/news/article/2010/11/19/2741823/rockets-launched-into-southern-israel)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSLDE6AI19P20101119)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=196019)
4. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3987012,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The Palestinian militant group "Army of Islam" fires rockets from Gaza into southern Israel in response to the killing of three of its members by Israel last month, with one rocket landing close to a kindergarten near Ashkelon, injuring a 14-year-old girl; Israeli jets respond with air strikes in the Gaza Strip, injuring at least two Palestinian militants, Palestinian sources say. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-palestinian-militant-group-army-of-islam-fires-rockets-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-in-response-to-the-killing-of-three-of-its-membe.md) _Context: Army of Islam, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
2. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
3. [In response to the firing of a Kassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into southern Israel, Israel planes bomb three targets, including two refugee camps and a weapons factory in the Gaza Strip, injuring two people. ](/news/2011/01/3/in-response-to-the-firing-of-a-kassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-southern-israel-israel-planes-bomb-three-targets-including-two-refug.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
4. [In response to militants firing rockets into southern Israel, the Israel Air Force launches two raids on the southern Gaza Strip; one Palestinian is wounded. ](/news/2010/11/6/in-response-to-militants-firing-rockets-into-southern-israel-the-israel-air-force-launches-two-raids-on-the-southern-gaza-strip-one-palest.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. In response to a rocket attack on southern Israel, Israeli airforce jets strike several targets in Gaza overnight, including Yasser Arafat International Airport, a weapons manufacturing facility and an infiltration tunnel into Israel. ](/news/2010/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-response-to-a-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel-israeli-airforce-jets-strike-several-targets-in-gaza-overn.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
6. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel. For the second time this week, a rocket fired from Gaza lands in Israel. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. ](/news/2015/06/6/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-for-the-second-time-this-week-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-lands-in-israel-there-were-no-immediate-repor.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
7. [Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel. A rocket fired from the Gaza Strip towards the Ashkelon region fell short and did not land in Israel with Palestinian sources indicating it may have hit a house. There were no immediate reports of injuries, or claims of responsibility. Journalists speculate that ISIL-affiliated groups are responsible. ](/news/2015/06/11/palestinian-rocket-attacks-on-israel-a-rocket-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-towards-the-ashkelon-region-fell-short-and-did-not-land-in-israel-w.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [Gaza-Israel conflict:. Five people are injured on the Gaza Strip in an Israel Air Force raid following Palestinian militants firing a rocket towards Ashkelon. ](/news/2014/01/16/gaza-israel-conflict-five-people-are-injured-on-the-gaza-strip-in-an-israel-air-force-raid-following-palestinian-militants-firing-a-rock.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
9. [At least 12 Palestinians, including 3 civilians, are killed by Israeli air strikes in Gaza in response to numerous mortar and rocket attacks. ](/news/2011/04/8/at-least-12-palestinians-including-3-civilians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-in-response-to-numerous-mortar-and-rocket-attacks.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Following rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip on southern Israel, Israeli air force planes bomb Hamas and Islamic Jihad targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/6/following-rocket-attacks-from-the-gaza-strip-on-southern-israel-israeli-air-force-planes-bomb-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-targets-in-the-gaza-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Air Force, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
