### [2010-11-19](/news/2010/11/19/index.md)

# The UN General Assembly's human rights committee criticizes Iran for human rights abuses; Iranian diplomat Mohammad-Javad Larijani calls the UN censure a "politicization" of human rights. 




### Source:

1. [ (Sify](http://sify.com/news/iran-s-hr-boss-justifies-stoning-calls-un-censure-politicisation-of-human-rights-news-international-kltoakbeije.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/11/19/iran.human.rights/)
3. [UK Press Association](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5h8QCV1ulSiwn-Q0Gggg4UyiBDD4A?docId=N0154381290133734667A)

### Related:

1. [Iran arrests five human rights lawyers for security-related offences, the latest in a series of arrests of Iranian human rights' activists since last year's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2010/11/15/iran-arrests-five-human-rights-lawyers-for-security-related-offences-the-latest-in-a-series-of-arrests-of-iranian-human-rights-activists-s.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights, human rights_
2. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, human rights_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [Canada-Iran relations:Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canadaairan-relations-pcanada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
5. [Citing nuclear sanctions, the United States of America deny visas to 20 out of 160 Iranian officials, of which two are ministers, impeaching diplomats' attendance at next week's United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York. ](/news/2012/09/23/citing-nuclear-sanctions-the-united-states-of-america-deny-visas-to-20-out-of-160-iranian-officials-of-which-two-are-ministers-impeaching.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations General Assembly_
6. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, human rights_
7. [Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern  for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. ](/news/2011/01/1/canada-s-foreign-minister-lawrence-cannon-urges-iran-to-improve-the-country-s-human-rights-record-and-denounces-iran-for-imposing-draconi.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
8. [Iranian human rights activist Shiva Nazar Ahari is convicted of gathering and plotting to commit crimes against the Iranian state, propaganda against the establishment and waging war against God. ](/news/2010/09/18/iranian-human-rights-activist-shiva-nazar-ahari-is-convicted-of-gathering-and-plotting-to-commit-crimes-against-the-iranian-state-propagand.md) _Context: Iran, human rights_
9. [Thousands of Iranians in Paris ask the UN to tighten its sanctions on Iran. ](/news/2010/06/26/thousands-of-iranians-in-paris-ask-the-un-to-tighten-its-sanctions-on-iran.md) _Context: Iran, UN_
10. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Iranian human rights, human rights_
