### [2010-11-19](/news/2010/11/19/index.md)

# United States federal judge William Terrell Hodges orders actor Wesley Snipes to surrender to authorities so that he can start a three year sentence for tax-related crimes. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/11/19/wesley-snipes-ordered-to-_n_786117.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
2. [United States federal judge James Robart temporarily blocks the so-called travel ban nationwide pending a legal challenge by the government. ](/news/2017/02/3/united-states-federal-judge-james-robart-temporarily-blocks-the-so-called-travel-ban-nationwide-pending-a-legal-challenge-by-the-government.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
3. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
4. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by "The Washington Post" that had been filed with the court in connection with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connection.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
5. [United States federal judge Carl J. Barbier rules that Deepwater Horizon oil spill compensation fund administrator Ken Feinberg should advise people that he is working for BP. ](/news/2011/02/2/united-states-federal-judge-carl-j-barbier-rules-that-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-compensation-fund-administrator-ken-feinberg-should-advis.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
6. [A judge denies bail to gunman Jared Loughner, who is accused of killing six and injuring 14 including a federal judge and U.S. Congresswoman. ](/news/2011/01/10/a-judge-denies-bail-to-gunman-jared-loughner-who-is-accused-of-killing-six-and-injuring-14-including-a-federal-judge-and-u-s-congresswoman.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
7. [The United States Department of Justice states that it will appeal a decision by United States federal judge Royce C. Lamberth to block an executive order by President Barack Obama to expand embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2010/08/24/the-united-states-department-of-justice-states-that-it-will-appeal-a-decision-by-united-states-federal-judge-royce-c-lamberth-to-block-an-e.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
8. [US federal judge Joseph Louis Tauro, in two separate cases, rules that a federal ban against gay marriage is unconstitutional, as it interferes with a state's right to define marriage. ](/news/2010/07/8/us-federal-judge-joseph-louis-tauro-in-two-separate-cases-rules-that-a-federal-ban-against-gay-marriage-is-unconstitutional-as-it-interfe.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
9. [United States federal judge Susan Bolton issues a ruling blocking Arizona from implementing sections of Arizona SB 1070 requiring police to check a person's immigration status and requiring immigrants to carry their papers at all times. ](/news/2010/07/28/united-states-federal-judge-susan-bolton-issues-a-ruling-blocking-arizona-from-implementing-sections-of-arizona-sb-1070-requiring-police-to.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
10. [United States federal judge Martin Leach-Cross Feldman issues a preliminary injunction blocking a six month moratorium on deep water offshore drilling. ](/news/2010/06/22/united-states-federal-judge-martin-leach-cross-feldman-issues-a-preliminary-injunction-blocking-a-six-month-moratorium-on-deep-water-offshor.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
