### [2009-11-15](/news/2009/11/15/index.md)

#  APEC leaders say a deal on global warming will not be possible before next month's United Nations summit in Denmark. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/asiapcf/11/15/apec.climate.change/)
2. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/environment/article6917564.ece)

### Related:

1. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appoints Christiana Figueres of Costa Rica to lead United Nations efforts to combat climate change and global warming. ](/news/2010/05/18/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-appoints-christiana-figueres-of-costa-rica-to-lead-united-nations-efforts-to-combat-climate-change-and-global.md) _Context: Global warming, United Nations_
2. [ U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and Danish hosts urge countries on to compromise to salvage agreement on a new U.N. pact aimed at averting dangerous climate change and global warming. P:GW ](/news/2009/12/15/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-danish-hosts-urge-countries-on-to-compromise-to-salvage-agreement-on-a-new-u-n-pact-aimed-at-averti.md) _Context: Denmark, Global warming_
3. [ Danish police arrest 200 protesters heading for Copenhagen harbour, on the second day of demonstrations at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2009/12/13/danish-police-arrest-200-protesters-heading-for-copenhagen-harbour-on-the-second-day-of-demonstrations-at-the-united-nations-climate-chang.md) _Context: Denmark, United Nations_
4. [ Police in Denmark detain 900 people after thousands gather in Copenhagen to demand more action on climate change and global warming by leaders at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2009/12/12/police-in-denmark-detain-900-people-after-thousands-gather-in-copenhagen-to-demand-more-action-on-climate-change-and-global-warming-by-lead.md) _Context: Global warming, United Nations_
5. [ Danish Prime Minister Lars Loekke Rasmussen says a deal at a UN climate change summit in December is unlikely. ](/news/2009/10/29/danish-prime-minister-lars-loekke-rasmussen-says-a-deal-at-a-un-climate-change-summit-in-december-is-unlikely.md) _Context: Denmark, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Global warming_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
