### [2011-05-11](/news/2011/05/11/index.md)

# A judge grants John Hinckley, Jr., the man who tried to assassinate then-President of the United States Ronald Reagan in 1981, additional visits to his family from the Washington, DC psychiatric hospital where he is confined. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/42554508)

### Related:

1. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: President, Ronald Reagan_
2. [The District Court for the District of Columbia releases John Hinckley Jr, U.S. President Ronald Reagan's March 1981 would-be assassin, from a psychiatric hospital after 35 years. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-releases-john-hinckley-jr-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-s-march-1981-would-be-assassin-from.md) _Context: John Hinckley Jr, Ronald Reagan_
3. [A federal judge, Paul L. Friedman, rules that John Hinckley Jr., who attempted to assassinate U.S. President Ronald Reagan outside the Washington Hilton on March 30, 1981, is to be released after 35 years at St. Elizabeths Hospital as he no longer poses a danger to himself or others. ](/news/2016/07/27/a-federal-judge-paul-l-friedman-rules-that-john-hinckley-jr-who-attempted-to-assassinate-u-s-president-ronald-reagan-outside-the-washi.md) _Context: John Hinckley Jr, Ronald Reagan_
4. [The recent death of James Brady, former press secretary to Ronald Reagan, is classified as a homicide 33 years after Brady was shot by John W. Hinckley. ](/news/2014/08/8/the-recent-death-of-james-brady-former-press-secretary-to-ronald-reagan-is-classified-as-a-homicide-33-years-after-brady-was-shot-by-john.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, shot by John W. Hinckley_
5. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: President, Ronald Reagan_
6. [A statue of former President of the United States Ronald Reagan is unveiled at a ceremony outside the American embassy in Grosvenor Square, Central London, opposite a statue of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Those invited include Margaret Thatcher and Condoleezza Rice, while a piece of the Berlin Wall also features. ](/news/2011/07/4/a-statue-of-former-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-is-unveiled-at-a-ceremony-outside-the-american-embassy-in-grosvenor-square.md) _Context: President, Ronald Reagan_
7. [The President of the United States is set to meet with the Dalai Lama in Washington DC despite a warning from the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-is-set-to-meet-with-the-dalai-lama-in-washington-dc-despite-a-warning-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: President, Washington DC_
8. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: President_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: President_
10. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan_
