### [2011-05-11](/news/2011/05/11/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of India dismisses a government petition for seven people convicted for their role in the Bhopal disaster in 1984 to receive tougher sentences. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/05/11/india-bhopal-court-idUSL3E7GB17420110511)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/SC-dismisses-CBI-petition-rejects-harsher-punishment-for-Bhopal-gas-tragedy-accused/articleshow/8239807.cms)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of India calls on the Indian government to explain why police were sent in to disperse a peaceful anti-corruption demonstration. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-supreme-court-of-india-calls-on-the-indian-government-to-explain-why-police-were-sent-in-to-disperse-a-peaceful-anti-corruption-demonstr.md) _Context: Government of India, Indian Supreme Court_
2. [The Government of India revokes the Public Health Foundation of India's registration, allegedly for  foreign-funded lobbying practices. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-government-of-india-revokes-the-public-health-foundation-of-india-s-registration-allegedly-for-foreign-funded-lobbying-practices.md) _Context: Government of India_
3. [The Editors Guild of India protests the Indian Government's order to shut down Hindi news channel NDTV India  for 24 hours alleging the channel's   coverage of January's deadly attack on Pathankot air base revealed sensitive military secrets. NDTV denies the charges, and says it will challenge this unprecedented order. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-editors-guild-of-india-protests-the-indian-government-s-order-to-shut-down-hindi-news-channel-ndtv-india-for-24-hours-alleging-the-chan.md) _Context: Government of India_
4. [The Indian Supreme Court orders all cinemas must play the national anthem, and the audience must stand  during its performance, before a film is screened. Order is effective in 10 days. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-indian-supreme-court-orders-all-cinemas-must-play-the-national-anthem-and-the-audience-must-stand-during-its-performance-before-a-fil.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
5. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
6. [In response to an ongoing Supreme Court case regarding the ownership of the Koh-i-Noor diamond, the government of India said it should not try to reclaim it from the United Kingdom. The government argues that the diamond was given to the British as a gift and was not stolen. However, the Supreme Court says it will continue with the case. ](/news/2016/04/19/in-response-to-an-ongoing-supreme-court-case-regarding-the-ownership-of-the-koh-i-noor-diamond-the-government-of-india-said-it-should-not-t.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
7. [Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased  reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes.  Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations.  Protest leaders call for reopening  blockaded roads  in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters  damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadva.md) _Context: Government of India_
8. [The Government of India deploys the Army to the state of Gujarat after two days of caste-related violence results in seven deaths. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-government-of-india-deploys-the-army-to-the-state-of-gujarat-after-two-days-of-caste-related-violence-results-in-seven-deaths.md) _Context: Government of India_
9. [A panel appointed by the Supreme Court of India recommends that two Indian Premier League cricket teams, the Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals be suspended for two years due to a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/07/14/a-panel-appointed-by-the-supreme-court-of-india-recommends-that-two-indian-premier-league-cricket-teams-the-chennai-super-kings-and-rajasth.md) _Context: Indian Supreme Court_
10. [The Government of India approves the construction of seven stealth frigates and six nuclear submarines for the Indian Navy. ](/news/2015/02/18/the-government-of-india-approves-the-construction-of-seven-stealth-frigates-and-six-nuclear-submarines-for-the-indian-navy.md) _Context: Government of India_
