### [2011-05-11](/news/2011/05/11/index.md)

# The Scottish Parliament meets for the first time since the victory of the Scottish National Party in the recent general election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-13351212)

### Related:

1. [Two MSPs - John Finnie and Jean Urquhart - resign from the Scottish National Party over its stance on NATO, effectively reducing the party's absolute majority in the Scottish Parliament to two. ](/news/2012/10/23/two-msps-john-finnie-and-jean-urquhart-resign-from-the-scottish-national-party-over-its-stance-on-nato-effectively-reducing-the-par.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
2. [The Scottish National Party urges British Prime Minister David Cameron to amend the Scotland Bill to give the Scottish Parliament greater legislative powers. ](/news/2011/05/7/the-scottish-national-party-urges-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-amend-the-scotland-bill-to-give-the-scottish-parliament-greater-le.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
3. [Scottish Election: The Scottish National Party wins an absolute majority in the Scottish elections with a referendum on independence likely. ](/news/2011/05/6/scottish-election-the-scottish-national-party-wins-an-absolute-majority-in-the-scottish-elections-with-a-referendum-on-independence-likely.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, recently victorious_
4. [ The Labour Party performs poorly in local and regional elections in the UK, with the Scottish National Party winning the most seats in the Scottish Parliament and the Conservatives performing well in English local government elections. ](/news/2007/05/4/the-labour-party-performs-poorly-in-local-and-regional-elections-in-the-uk-with-the-scottish-national-party-winning-the-most-seats-in-the.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
5. [ The Scottish National Party wins the Moray by-election, 2006 for the Moray constituency to the Scottish Parliament. ](/news/2006/04/27/the-scottish-national-party-wins-the-moray-by-election-2006-for-the-moray-constituency-to-the-scottish-parliament.md) _Context: Scottish National Party, Scottish Parliament_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-po.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
7. [Thousands, including some from Australia, protest in London, England, against the renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterrent.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
8. [West Lothian question: The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
9. [United Kingdom general election, 2015: The Conservative Party has won a majority in the 2015 general election, enabling them to lead without requiring a coalition government. The Scottish National Party claims all but three seats in Scotland. ](/news/2015/05/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2015-the-conservative-party-has-won-a-majority-in-the-2015-general-election-enabling-them-to-lead-without.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
10. [The Smith Commission, established by UK Prime Minister David Cameron to look at enhanced devolution for Scotland following the independence referendum, publishes its report, recommending the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to set income tax rates and bands. ](/news/2014/11/27/the-smith-commission-established-by-uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-look-at-enhanced-devolution-for-scotland-following-the-independence.md) _Context: Scottish Parliament_
