### [2011-05-11](/news/2011/05/11/index.md)

# Tokyo Electric Power Company will accept involvement from the Government of Japan and will not cap compensation payments resulting from the Fukushima I nuclear accidents. 




### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703730804576316823655321858.html)

### Related:

1. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) announces its financial results, with a 1 trillion Japanese yen loss predicted due to the Fukushima I nuclear accidents and the resignation of Masataka Shimizu as president of the utility following Japan's highest ever annual loss. ](/news/2011/05/20/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-tepco-announces-its-financial-results-with-a-1-trillion-japanese-yen-loss-predicted-due-to-the-fukushima.md) _Context: Fukushima I nuclear accidents, Tokyo Electric Power Company_
2. [Fukushima I nuclear accidents The Government of Japan raises the crisis level of the accidents to level 7, the highest level on the international scale and equivalent to the Chernobyl disaster. ](/news/2011/04/12/fukushima-i-nuclear-accidents-pthe-government-of-japan-raises-the-crisis-level-of-the-accidents-to-level-7-the-highest-level-on-the-interna.md) _Context: Fukushima I nuclear accidents, Japanese government_
3. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: Tokyo Electric Power Company_
4. [Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor's authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. ](/news/2015/12/2/hearings-begin-in-the-legal-battle-between-the-japanese-government-and-local-officials-in-okinawa-over-plans-to-move-a-u-s-military-air-bas.md) _Context: Japanese government_
5. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission  that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oc.md) _Context: Japanese government_
6. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Japanese government_
7. [ The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-government-of-japan-invalidates-a-decision-by-takeshi-onaga-governor-of-okinawa-to-halt-the-expansion-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-the.md) _Context: Japanese government_
8. [The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe moves to enact legislation allowing the Japan Self-Defense Forces to serve overseas. Yesterday, fist-fights erupted in the parliament over this legislation. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-government-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-moves-to-enact-legislation-allowing-the-japan-self-defense-forces-to-serve-overseas-yesterday.md) _Context: Japanese government_
9. [Steam begins to rise at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant with utility company Tepco saying that it is possibly because of rain and that the levels of radioactivity in the surrounding areas have remained unchanged. ](/news/2013/07/18/steam-begins-to-rise-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-with-utility-company-tepco-saying-that-it-is-possibly-because-of-rain-and.md) _Context: Tokyo Electric Power Company_
10. [Tokyo Electric Power Company says that it is moving tons of highly radioactive water from a temporary storage tank to another after detecting signs of leakage  at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Futaba District of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. ](/news/2013/04/6/tokyo-electric-power-company-says-that-it-is-moving-tons-of-highly-radioactive-water-from-a-temporary-storage-tank-to-another-after-detectin.md) _Context: Tokyo Electric Power Company_
