### [2011-06-21](/news/2011/06/21/index.md)

# At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. 

Former South Korean foreign minister re-elected by acclamation as secretary general of the United Nations.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2011/06/2011621161148676944.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-13868655)
3. [news.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/breaking-news/ban-elected-for-second-term-as-un-leader/story-e6frfku0-1226079629504)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016. Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-unit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, New York City, Secretary General_
2. [Burundian unrest (2015-present). The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
3. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations estimates that four million people have become homeless as a result of the 2010 Pakistan floods; Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, speaking in New York, states that the floods are a "slow-motion tsunami" as he calls for more funds to assist those affected. ](/news/2010/08/19/the-united-nations-estimates-that-four-million-people-have-become-homeless-as-a-result-of-the-2010-pakistan-floods-secretary-general-of-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, New York City, Secretary General_
5. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
7. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016. The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-a.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United Nations General Assembly officially appoints former Portuguese Prime Minister Antonio Guterres its next Secretary-General. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-united-nations-general-assembly-officially-appoints-former-portuguese-prime-minister-anta3nio-guterres-its-next-secretary-general.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations General Assembly_
9. [Yemeni civil war. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/yemeni-civil-war-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-b.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer violations to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
