### [2012-02-15](/news/2012/02/15/index.md)

# ACTA loses further support in Europe as Bulgaria and the Netherlands join Poland and Germany in declining to ratify it due to privacy and human rights concerns. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2012/feb/15/acta-loses-more-support-europe)

### Related:

1. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak. Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Europe, Germany, Netherlands_
2. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Germany, Polish_
3. [Greek mail bombs. Parcel bombs explode at the Mexican, Russian and Swiss embassies in Greece. Similar packages were sent or addressed to the embassies of Belgium, Bulgaria, Chile, Germany and the Netherlands over the past two days. ](/news/2010/11/2/greek-mail-bombs-parcel-bombs-explode-at-the-mexican-russian-and-swiss-embassies-in-greece-similar-packages-were-sent-or-addressed-to-the.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Germany, Netherlands_
4. [ Europe is hit by heavy snowfall leading to disruptions in France, Germany, Poland and Spain. ](/news/2009/12/17/europe-is-hit-by-heavy-snowfall-leading-to-disruptions-in-france-germany-poland-and-spain.md) _Context: Europe, Germany, Polish_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Europe, Germany, Polish_
6. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Polish_
7. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching -30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10 in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Europe, Polish_
8. [An earth tremor in Europe's largest copper mine in southwestern Poland causes eight deaths. ](/news/2016/11/29/an-earth-tremor-in-europe-s-largest-copper-mine-in-southwestern-poland-causes-eight-deaths.md) _Context: Europe, Polish_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Germany, Netherlands_
10. [NATO-Russia relations. The United States Air Force sends 12 F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/nato-russia-relations-the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further.md) _Context: Europe, Netherlands_
