### [2003-05-18](/news/2003/05/18/index.md)

#  In Slovakia, voters approve a referendum on joining the European Union. The referendum is only advisory, the decision is in the hands of the national legislature, but it is expected to be approved.




### Related:

1. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU, Slovakia_
2. [Slovakia mounts a legal challenge to mandatory quotas decided in a European Union ministerial summit yesterday. ](/news/2015/09/23/slovakia-mounts-a-legal-challenge-to-mandatory-quotas-decided-in-a-european-union-ministerial-summit-yesterday.md) _Context: EU, Slovakia_
3. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: EU, Slovakia_
4. [In Slovakia, thousands of demonstrators rally against European Union plans to host asylum-seekers, and dozens are detained after they attacked spectators of a cycle race in the capital, Bratislava. ](/news/2015/06/20/in-slovakia-thousands-of-demonstrators-rally-against-european-union-plans-to-host-asylum-seekers-and-dozens-are-detained-after-they-attack.md) _Context: EU, Slovakia_
5. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
6. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: EU, Slovakia_
7. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
8. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
9. [The Constitutional Court of Turkey annuls key parts of government-backed constitutional reforms designed for possible European Union membership, rejecting opposition calls for the rest to be rejected as well and permitting the rest to be put to a national referendum in September. ](/news/2010/07/7/the-constitutional-court-of-turkey-annuls-key-parts-of-government-backed-constitutional-reforms-designed-for-possible-european-union-members.md) _Context: EU, referendum_
10. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: EU, Slovakia_
