
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.json)  [XML](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.xml)  

### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. 

Two Israeli troops were following directions from the Waze app when they drove into Qalandiya refugee camp


### Sources:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/israel/12179149/Israeli-soldiers-accidentally-follow-GPS-into-a-Palestinian-refugee-camp-and-spark-night-of-rioting.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/battles-erupts-after-israeli-soldiers-follow-apparent-gps-error-into-palestinian-zone/2016/03/01/940307ef-503f-4a98-8abb-01cf6357a850_story.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03586/Qalandiya_3586046k.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:44 (First version)_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-ref.md) _2017-08-27 03:45:04 (Update)_
2. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: IDF, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: IDF, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: IDF, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _Context: IDF, Palestinians, West Bank_
5. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: IDF, Palestinians, West Bank_
