### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would  have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. 

South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoed legislation that would have restricted transgender students access to school facilities.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Sun-Times](http://national.suntimes.com/national-world-news/7/72/2679253/south-dakota-anti-trans-bill-veto)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/the-latest-civil-rights-activists-celebrate-governors-veto/2016/03/01/21554cd8-e00b-11e5-8c00-8aa03741dced_story.html)
3. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/01/468732723/south-dakota-s-transgender-bathroom-bill-hits-deadline-for-governor)

### Related:

1. [In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-transgender-to-use-the-schoo.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor, Transgender and schools, transgender, veto_
2. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as  Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: U.S., transgender_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: U.S., veto_
4. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of the US state of South Dakota, warns residents living south of the state capital of Pierre to prepare evacuation plans ahead of likely flooding of the Missouri River. ](/news/2011/05/29/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-south-dakota-warns-residents-living-south-of-the-state-capital-of-pierre-to-prepare-evacua.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
5. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of South Dakota, signs an abortion bill requiring women to undertake counselling and wait for 72 hours, the longest period in the US. ](/news/2011/03/22/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-south-dakota-signs-an-abortion-bill-requiring-women-to-undertake-counselling-and-wait-for-72-hours-the-lo.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
6. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: U.S., veto_
7. [  The United States is encouraging a vote on a United Nations resolution, which currently would impose an arms embargo and freezing of North Korean funds connected to North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile programs, despite opposition from the People's Republic of China, which has veto power. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-united-states-is-encouraging-a-vote-on-a-united-nations-resolution-which-currently-would-impose-an-arms-embargo-and-freezing-of-north.md) _Context: U.S., veto_
8. [ Braving the threat of a veto from United States President George W. Bush, U.S. Senate Republicans joined Democrats, voting ](/news/2005/10/5/braving-the-threat-of-a-veto-from-united-states-president-george-w-bush-u-s-senate-republicans-joined-democrats-voting.md) _Context: U.S., veto_
9. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: U.S._
