### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. 

South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoed legislation that would have restricted transgender students access to school facilities.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Sun-Times](http://national.suntimes.com/national-world-news/7/72/2679253/south-dakota-anti-trans-bill-veto)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/01/468732723/south-dakota-s-transgender-bathroom-bill-hits-deadline-for-governor)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/the-latest-civil-rights-activists-celebrate-governors-veto/2016/03/01/21554cd8-e00b-11e5-8c00-8aa03741dced_story.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://s3.amazonaws.com/wp-ag/wp-content/uploads/sites/72/2016/02/south-dakota-anti-trans-bill-law.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-transgender-to-use-the-schoo.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor, Transgender and schools, transgender, veto_
2. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: United States, transgender_
3. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, veto_
4. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of the US state of South Dakota, warns residents living south of the state capital of Pierre to prepare evacuation plans ahead of likely flooding of the Missouri River. ](/news/2011/05/29/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-south-dakota-warns-residents-living-south-of-the-state-capital-of-pierre-to-prepare-evacua.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
5. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of South Dakota, signs an abortion bill requiring women to undertake counselling and wait for 72 hours, the longest period in the US. ](/news/2011/03/22/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-south-dakota-signs-an-abortion-bill-requiring-women-to-undertake-counselling-and-wait-for-72-hours-the-lo.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
6. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: United States, veto_
7. [ The United States is encouraging a vote on a United Nations resolution, which currently would impose an arms embargo and freezing of North Korean funds connected to North Korean nuclear and ballistic missile programs, despite opposition from the People's Republic of China, which has veto power. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-united-states-is-encouraging-a-vote-on-a-united-nations-resolution-which-currently-would-impose-an-arms-embargo-and-freezing-of-north.md) _Context: United States, veto_
8. [ Braving the threat of a veto from United States President George W. Bush, U.S. Senate Republicans joined Democrats, voting ](/news/2005/10/5/braving-the-threat-of-a-veto-from-united-states-president-george-w-bush-u-s-senate-republicans-joined-democrats-voting.md) _Context: United States, veto_
9. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
