### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# Libyan Crisis (2011-present): The United Kingdom is to send troops to Tunisia to help the Tunisian Army prevent ISIL militants from moving into the country from Libya. 

Britain is to send troops to Tunisia to help prevent Islamic State fighters from moving into the country from Libya, the British defence minister has said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-tunisia-libya-idUKKCN0W33OY)

### Related:

1. [Spillover of the Libyan Civil War: Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. ](/news/2016/03/8/spillover-of-the-libyan-civil-war-tunisia-s-army-and-security-forces-kill-another-five-suspected-terrorists-in-an-operation-near-the-libyan.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia, army_
2. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present): The Tunisian Army kills five suspected ISIL militants near the town of Ben Gardane after they infiltrated across the border from neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/03/2/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-tunisian-army-kills-five-suspected-isil-militants-near-the-town-of-ben-gardane-after-they-infiltrated-ac.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Crisis (2011-present), army_
3. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/02/21/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-germany-is-considering-sending-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-train-the-tunisian-army-in-the-fight-ag.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia, army_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya_
5. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): At least 50 people are killed, including 33 militants, seven civilians and ten soldiers, in armed clashes between the Tunisian Army and Islamist militants in the town of Ben Gardane, near the border with Libya. ](/news/2016/03/7/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-at-least-50-people-are-killed-including-33-militants-seven-civilians-and-ten-soldiers-in-armed.md) _Context: Libya, army_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya_
7. [Insurgency in the Maghreb (2002-present): Tunisia completes the construction of a 200km (125 mile) barrier along its border with Libya, intended to keep out terrorists trained in Libya. ](/news/2016/02/6/insurgency-in-the-maghreb-2002-present-tunisia-completes-the-construction-of-a-200km-125-mile-barrier-along-its-border-with-libya-in.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Two Serbian embassy staff abducted in Libya in November 2015 are believed to have been among dozens killed in yesterday's U.S. airstrike on a ISIL camp in Sabratha, according to Serbia's Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic. ](/news/2016/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-two-serbian-embassy-staff-abducted-in-libya-in-november-2015-are-believed-to-have-been-among-dozens-kille.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Military intervention against ISIL: United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-wes.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells. ](/news/2016/01/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulti.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya_
