### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. 

U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to be in attendance as the Rays travel to Cuba to play the Cuban National Team in March.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/mlb/story/_/id/14879877/president-barack-obama-expected-attend-exhibition-game-cuba)
2. [Tampa Bay Times](http://www.tampabay.com/blogs/rays/rays-trip-to-cuba-for-march-22-exhibition-finally-set/2267520)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations, Havana, president_
2. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations, president_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that he will visit Cuba next month becoming the first American president to visit Cuba since 1928. ](/news/2016/02/18/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-he-will-visit-cuba-next-month-becoming-the-first-american-president-to-visit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations, president_
4. [Along with 15 other international envoys, Cuban diplomat Jose Ramon Cabanas Rodriguez presents his credentials to U.S. President Barack Obama, becoming the island's first ambassador to the United States since 1961. The Obama Administration has yet to name an ambassador to Cuba. ](/news/2015/09/17/along-with-15-other-international-envoys-cuban-diplomat-jose-ramon-cabaa-as-rodriguez-presents-his-credentials-to-u-s-president-barack-oba.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations, president_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
8. [President Barack Obama announces the end of the wet feet, dry feet policy, which previously allowed undocumented immigrants from Cuba to become permanent residents. ](/news/2017/01/12/president-barack-obama-announces-the-end-of-the-wet-feet-dry-feet-policy-which-previously-allowed-undocumented-immigrants-from-cuba-to-bec.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba-United States relations_
9. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
10. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
