### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. 

Taoiseach Enda Kenny has performed a dramatic U-turn on his pre-election promise of ruling out Fianna Fáil as a potential coalition partner.


### Source:

1. [Irish Examiner](http://www.irishexaminer.com/election2016/election2016-news-and-analysis/fine-gael-mull-rotating-taoiseach-to-get-fianna-fail-support-385074.html)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/election-2016/kenny-performs-massive-uturn-as-he-opens-door-to-fianna-fil-34503717.html)

### Related:

1. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fianna Fail, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
2. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
3. [Fine Gael and Fianna Fail agree to the formation of a Fine Gael-led government. ](/news/2016/04/29/fine-gael-and-fianna-fa-il-agree-to-the-formation-of-a-fine-gael-led-government.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Fine Gael, Irish general election, 2016_
4. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Irish general election, 2016_
5. [Moriarty Tribunal in Ireland:Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/moriarty-tribunal-in-ireland-pformer-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
6. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
7. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland and leader of the Fine Gael party, after winning 51 of the 73 votes in the parliamentary party. He is the youngest, and is the first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ireland-and-leader-of-the-fine-gael-party-after-winning-51-of-the-73-votes-in-th.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
8. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
9. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
10. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-psinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Sinn Fein_
