### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# Residents from more than 50 homes in Ripley, New York, are evacuated following the derailment of a 34-car Norfolk Southern train carrying hazardous materials in the southwestern part of the state. Ethanol leaked from the two of the 16 derailed cars. A third car carrying propane crashed but did not leak. 

Dozens of residents in western New York town were evacuated from their homes early on Wednesday after a train carrying hazardous liquid derailed, local officials said.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/03/02/train-carrying-hazardous-materials-derails-in-upstate-new-york.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-new-york-derailment-idUSKCN0W418C)

### Related:

1. [At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a-train-carrying-propane-and.md) _Context: propane_
2. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
3. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material. All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line. ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: hazardous material_
4. [A Canadian Pacific Railway train carrying crude oil derails in Wisconsin; some of the 10 derailed cars are leaking oil. This is the second consecutive day for a freight train crash in the state. Yesterday, a BNSF Railway train wreck spilled thousands of gallons of ethanol. No injuries were reported in either accident. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-canadian-pacific-railway-train-carrying-crude-oil-derails-in-wisconsin-some-of-the-10-derailed-cars-are-leaking-oil-this-is-the-second-c.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
5. [A series of explosions involving propane triggering nearby illegally stored mining detonators in the Indian town of Petlawad in the state of Madhya Pradesh kills at least 104 people with over 150 missing. ](/news/2015/09/12/a-series-of-explosions-involving-propane-triggering-nearby-illegally-stored-mining-detonators-in-the-indian-town-of-petlawad-in-the-state-of.md) _Context: propane_
6. [A Nieto Express propane gas tanker truck explodes near the loading dock of a maternity and children's hospital (Hospital Materno Infantil Cuajimalpa) in Mexico City, collapsing much of the hospital with at least three deaths and 70 people injured, 22 of whom are children. ](/news/2015/01/29/a-nieto-express-propane-gas-tanker-truck-explodes-near-the-loading-dock-of-a-maternity-and-children-s-hospital-hospital-materno-infantil-cu.md) _Context: propane_
7. [A Canadian National Railway train from Toronto carrying crude oil and propane derails and catches fire in Plaster Rock, New Brunswick, in the northwest part of the province, causing 45 homes to be evacuated in a rural area. No one has yet been injured, and the fire has diminished, so far without the propane exploding. ](/news/2014/01/8/a-canadian-national-railway-train-from-toronto-carrying-crude-oil-and-propane-derails-and-catches-fire-in-plaster-rock-new-brunswick-in-th.md) _Context: propane_
8. [Seven people have been injured following a series of explosions at a propane plant in the US town of Tavares in central Florida. ](/news/2013/07/29/seven-people-have-been-injured-following-a-series-of-explosions-at-a-propane-plant-in-the-us-town-of-tavares-in-central-florida.md) _Context: propane_
9. [The British Columbia coroner's office reports that actor Cory Monteith died of an overdose of heroin and alcohol. ](/news/2013/07/16/the-british-columbia-coroner-s-office-reports-that-actor-cory-monteith-died-of-an-overdose-of-heroin-and-alcohol.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
10. [The U.S. Department of Agriculture says it has deregulated a genetically engineered corn. See genetically modified food. The corn in question is designed for the manufacture of ethanol. ](/news/2011/02/11/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-says-it-has-deregulated-a-genetically-engineered-corn-see-genetically-modified-food-the-corn-in-questio.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
