### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. 

A U.N. Security Council vote on a resolution to dramatically expand sanctions on North Korea after its recent nuclear test and satellite launch has been delayed to Wednesday after Russia negotiated changes in the U.S.-Chinese drafted text.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-nuclear-un-idUSKCN0W34QN)

### Related:

1. [The United States will present the draft resolution, resulting from yesterday's meeting with China, to the United Nations Security Council expanding sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-united-states-will-present-the-draft-resolution-resulting-from-yesterday-s-meeting-with-china-to-the-united-nations-security-council-e.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, United Nations Security Council, United States, nuclear test_
2. [ China and Russia resist efforts by the United States and Japan to move a motion in the United Nations Security Council to impose sanctions on North Korea over its missile tests. ](/news/2006/07/5/china-and-russia-resist-efforts-by-the-united-states-and-japan-to-move-a-motion-in-the-united-nations-security-council-to-impose-sanctions.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, Russia, United Nations Security Council, United States_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, United Nations Security Council, United States_
4. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, Russia, United Nations Security Council_
5. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, Russia, United States_
6. [China opposes any new sanctions against North Korea during a meeting in the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2016/12/10/china-opposes-any-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-during-a-meeting-in-the-united-nations-security-council.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, United Nations Security Council_
7. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations Security Council, United States_
8. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia, United States_
9. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations Security Council, United States_
10. [Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea.  China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile  delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-third-country-such-as-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, Russia_
