### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/01/politics/special-ops-captures-isis-detainee-iraq/index.html)

### Related:

1. [A joint early-morning raid conducted by Iraqi and US forces on an IS-run prison in Hawija, Kirkuk Province has freed 70 hostages. One U.S. Delta Force soldier was reported killed - the first American combat death since the start of the US-led intervention against IS. ](/news/2015/10/22/a-joint-early-morning-raid-conducted-by-iraqi-and-us-forces-on-an-is-run-prison-in-hawija-kirkuk-province-has-freed-70-hostages-one-u-s-d.md) _Context: Delta Force, Islamic State, U.S., U.S. airstrikes_
2. [The United States Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford arrived in Iraq to discuss the ongoing battle against ISIS. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-united-states-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-marine-corps-general-joseph-dunford-arrived-in-iraq-to-discuss-the-ongoing-battle-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, U.S._
3. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
4. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
5. [Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the-family-of-an-anti-islamic-state-sunni-paramilitary-leader-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
6. [Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-five-people-and-wounding-six-police.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
7. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, U.S._
8. [Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of-ar-rutbah-from-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-group.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, U.S. airstrikes_
9. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State, U.S._
10. [Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-operated-jail-in-the-city-of-ha-t-malallah-al-obeidi-a-loc.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
