### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko return to Earth after 340 days aboard the International Space Station (ISS). 

US astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko touch down safely in Kazakhstan after almost a year in space.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-35651665)

### Related:

1. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: International Space Station, Russia, Scott Kelly, United States_
2. [Soyuz TMA-16M launches carrying three crew members to the International Space Station. Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko and American astronaut Scott Kelly begin a special year-long mission to test the effects of long-term habitation on the human body under conditions of micro gravity and radiation. ](/news/2015/03/27/soyuz-tma-16m-launches-carrying-three-crew-members-to-the-international-space-station-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-and-american-ast.md) _Context: International Space Station, Mikhail Korniyenko, Scott Kelly_
3. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: International Space Station, Russia, United States_
4. [Soyuz TMA-06M: Three astronauts return safely to Earth from the International Space Station aboard a Russian capsule. ](/news/2013/03/16/soyuz-tma-06m-three-astronauts-return-safely-to-earth-from-the-international-space-station-aboard-a-russian-capsule.md) _Context: Earth, International Space Station, Russia_
5. [NASA and Roscosmos announce that veteran spaceflyers Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko will carry out the first year-long mission to the International Space Station in 2015. ](/news/2012/11/26/nasa-and-roscosmos-announce-that-veteran-spaceflyers-scott-kelly-and-mikhail-korniyenko-will-carry-out-the-first-year-long-mission-to-the-in.md) _Context: International Space Station, Mikhail Korniyenko, Scott Kelly_
6. [Three astronauts, Sunita Williams of the United States, Yuri Malenchenko of Russia and Aki Hoshide of Japan, arrive at the International Space Station for a three month visit. ](/news/2012/07/17/three-astronauts-sunita-williams-of-the-united-states-yuri-malenchenko-of-russia-and-aki-hoshide-of-japan-arrive-at-the-international-spa.md) _Context: International Space Station, Russia, United States_
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General of Russia in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-of-russia-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-septem.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
10. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
