### [2016-03-1](/news/2016/03/1/index.md)

# United Nations refugee agency  spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe  is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident.  

The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) warned on Tuesday that Greece is on the verge of a humanitarian crisis as disunity and inconsistency continue to mar European response plans.


### Source:

1. [Kathimerini](http://www.ekathimerini.com/206505/article/ekathimerini/news/europe-on-cusp-of-self-induced-humanitarian-crisis-unhcr-says)
2. [Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/article/news-ians/unhcr-warns-of-humanitarian-crisis-in-greece-as-influx-rises-116030101311_1.html)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis, Greece_
2. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis, Greece_
3. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece, refugee_
4. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece_
5. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece_
6. [Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18-people-are-confirmed-dead.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
7. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, refugee_
8. [Nigerien authorities discover the bodies of 34 migrants, mostly children, left behind in the Sahara desert by people smugglers who were taking them to Algeria and then to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/16/nigerien-authorities-discover-the-bodies-of-34-migrants-mostly-children-left-behind-in-the-sahara-desert-by-people-smugglers-who-were-taki.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
9. [Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece_
10. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, refugee_
