### [2016-10-4](/news/2016/10/4/index.md)

# War in Somalia (2009-present): A security operation by the Somali Army in Lower Shabelle region kills 14 al-Shabaab fighters. 




### Source:

1. [World Bulletin](http://www.worldbulletin.net/africa/178231/14-al-shabaab-fighters-killed-in-somalia)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
3. [War in Somalia: At least 10 Somali Armed Forces soldiers and 12 Al-Shabaab militants are killed in fighting near the town of Afgooye, Lower Shabelle. ](/news/2016/07/11/war-in-somalia-at-least-10-somali-armed-forces-soldiers-and-12-al-shabaab-militants-are-killed-in-fighting-near-the-town-of-afgooye-lower.md) _Context: Lower Shabelle, Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present):: Nineteen people are killed in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, in suicide bombings and firefights between Al-Shabaab militants and government forces. ](/news/2013/05/8/war-in-somalia-2009-present-nineteen-people-are-killed-in-the-somali-capital-mogadishu-in-suicide-bombings-and-firefights-between-al.md) _Context: Somali forces, War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
5. [American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/american-involvement-in-the-somali-civil-war-united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
6. [War in Somalia: Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-pe.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-cl.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Unknown gunmen storm a hotel in Bosaso, leaving at least four guards and two militants dead. It is unclear who carried out the attack. An official blames Al-Shabaab, though the group denies having any involvement. ](/news/2017/02/8/war-in-somalia-2009-present-unknown-gunmen-storm-a-hotel-in-bosaso-leaving-at-least-four-guards-and-two-militants-dead-it-is-unclear.md) _Context: War in Somalia (2009-present), al Shabaab militia_
