### [2016-10-4](/news/2016/10/4/index.md)

# Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. 

More than a million residents near the South Carolina coast should get at least 100 miles away before Hurricane Matthew arrives, Gov. Nikki Haley said.


### Source:

1. [AP via WTVD](http://abc11.com/weather/hurricane-matthew-roars-across-haiti;-death-toll-at-9/1532291/)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/04/americas/hurricane-matthew/)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/04/us/hurricane-matthew-florida-carolinas/index.html)
4. [The National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/040551.shtml)
5. [The National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/042354.shtml)
6. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/10/04/SC-Gov-Nikki-Haley-calls-for-evacuation-of-11M-coastal-residents-ahead-of-Hurricane-Matthew/1081475611127/?spt=hs&or=tn_us)
6. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/i/1081475611127/2016/1/14756129017585/v2.1/SC-Gov-Nikki-Haley-calls-for-evacuation-of-11M-coastal-residents-ahead-of-Hurricane-Matthew.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba, Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
2. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba, Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
3. [Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
4. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
5. [Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-stalls-as-it-heads-towards-jamaica.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
6. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba, The Bahamas_
7. [Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-businesses-in-the-southeastern-uni.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
8. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
9. [The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in-haiti-at-risk-of-st.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
10. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Matthew_
