### [2005-01-18](/news/2005/01/18/index.md)

#  Bao Tong, Zhao Ziyang's former secretary and the highest ranking official to be jailed after the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 is blocked from paying his respects at a mourning hall set up in Zhao's Beijing home. Bao's wife, Jiang Zongcao, was injured in the scuffle with plain-clothes police and had to be hospitalized.




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.metronews.ca/reuters_international.asp?id=51156)

### Related:

1. [Hong Kong's June 4th Museum, the first museum dedicated to the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, is to close down. Organizers say they believe they are being targeted for political reasons. It comes at a time when concerns are growing in Hong Kong that Beijing is tightening its grip on the city. ](/news/2016/04/14/hong-kong-s-june-4th-museum-the-first-museum-dedicated-to-the-tiananmen-square-protests-of-1989-is-to-close-down-organizers-say-they-beli.md) _Context: Beijing, Tiananmen Square protests of 1989_
2. [ Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Zhao Ziyang's secret memoirs about the 1989 protests in Tiananmen Square are published. ](/news/2009/05/14/chinese-communist-party-general-secretary-zhao-ziyang-s-secret-memoirs-about-the-1989-protests-in-tiananmen-square-are-published.md) _Context: Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, Zhao Ziyang_
3. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
4. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
5. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
6. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Beijing_
7. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing_
8. [Pro-Beijing Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will quit after his term ends. ](/news/2016/12/9/pro-beijing-hong-kong-leader-cy-leung-says-he-will-quit-after-his-term-ends.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [Companies shut down production in Beijing and cars are taken off the road after a red alert for smog is issued in northern China. Dozens of cities have closed schools due to the smog. ](/news/2016/12/19/companies-shut-down-production-in-beijing-and-cars-are-taken-off-the-road-after-a-red-alert-for-smog-is-issued-in-northern-china-dozens-of.md) _Context: Beijing_
10. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Beijing_
