### [2005-01-18](/news/2005/01/18/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian suicide bomber killed one and wounded six Israelis in Gush Katif junction in the Gaza Strip. Hamas claimed responsibility. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/528761.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has postponed security talks with Palestinians following a mortar attack by Hamas on the Gush Katif Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip.  Hamas claim the attack was in retaliation for an attack by Jewish settlers which left one man dead. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas responds by firing the top security commanders in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/02/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-postponed-security-talks-with-palestinians-following-a-mortar-attack-by-hamas-on-the-gush-katif-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gush Katif, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [  An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and-six-members-of-his-family.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-dama.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 2 Palestinian militants, one from Hamas, the other the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, have died following an Israeli air-strike in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2-palestinian-militants-one-from-hamas-the-other-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigade-have-died-following-an-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gush Katif, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
