### [2005-01-18](/news/2005/01/18/index.md)

#  Mark Latham, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, resigns from his position and from parliament due to ill health. Possible replacements include former deputy prime minister Kim Beazley, shadow foreign minister Kevin Rudd and shadow health minister Julia Gillard. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/pm/content/2005/s1284214.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4183267.stm)
3. [Melbourne Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5478,11979884%255E1702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _Context: Australia, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party, Parliament_
2. [ Kevin Rudd is elected as the new leader of the Federal Australian Labor Party with the caucus electing him by 49 votes to 39 votes for Kim Beazley. Julia Gillard is the new deputy leader. ](/news/2006/12/4/kevin-rudd-is-elected-as-the-new-leader-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-with-the-caucus-electing-him-by-49-votes-to-39-votes-for-kim.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Kim Beazley, Labor Party_
3. [ Kim Beazley calls a vote for the leadership of the Federal Australian Labor Party for Monday. He will face a challenge from Kevin Rudd, the Opposition spokesman on foreign affairs. Jenny Macklin faces a challenge from Julia Gillard for the Deputy Leadership. ](/news/2006/12/1/kim-beazley-calls-a-vote-for-the-leadership-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-for-monday-he-will-face-a-challenge-from-kevin-rudd-the.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Kim Beazley, Labor Party_
4. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd wins leadership of the Australian Labor Party against incumbent Julia Gillard. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-wins-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-against-incumbent-julia-gillard.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard wins a leadership ballot in the Australian Labor Party, defeating former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/27/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-wins-a-leadership-ballot-in-the-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-prime-minister-kevin.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
6. [Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announces that he will contest the leadership of the Australian Labor Party with current PM Julia Gillard on Monday. ](/news/2012/02/24/former-prime-minister-kevin-rudd-announces-that-he-will-contest-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-with-current-pm-julia-gillard-o.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard calls for a ballot of a caucus of the Australian Labor Party for Monday as a result of the resignation of Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd. ](/news/2012/02/23/the-prime-minister-of-australia-julia-gillard-calls-for-a-ballot-of-a-caucus-of-the-australian-labor-party-for-monday-as-a-result-of-the-res.md) _Context: Julia Gillard, Kevin Rudd, Labor Party_
8. [ Australia: The Australian Broadcasting Corporation rushed to air its interview with former Labor Party Opposition leader Mark Latham after fending off legal challenges from News Corporation, publishers of "The Australian" and the "Herald Sun". ](/news/2005/09/15/australia-the-australian-broadcasting-corporation-rushed-to-air-its-interview-with-former-labor-party-opposition-leader-mark-latham-after.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
9. [ Kim Beazley is re-elected to the leadership of the Australian Labor Party unopposed, succeeding Mark Latham, in the fourth leadership change since losing government in 1996. ](/news/2005/01/28/kim-beazley-is-re-elected-to-the-leadership-of-the-australian-labor-party-unopposed-succeeding-mark-latham-in-the-fourth-leadership-chang.md) _Context: Kim Beazley, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
10. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/02/1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: Kim Beazley, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
