### [2005-08-3](/news/2005/08/3/index.md)

#  In Australia, Morris Iemma becomes the 40th Premier of New South Wales after being elected unopposed as leader of the state Australian Labor Party.




### Related:

1. [ Nathan Rees is replaced as leader of the New South Wales Australian Labor Party and Premier of New South Wales by Kristina Keneally. ](/news/2009/12/3/nathan-rees-is-replaced-as-leader-of-the-new-south-wales-australian-labor-party-and-premier-of-new-south-wales-by-kristina-keneally.md) _Context: Labor Party, Premier_
2. [ Elections in the Australian state of New South Wales sees the Australian Labor Party led by Morris Iemma retain government despite a small swing against it. ](/news/2007/03/24/elections-in-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-sees-the-australian-labor-party-led-by-morris-iemma-retain-government-despite-a-small.md) _Context: Labor Party, Morris Iemma_
3. [Western Australian state election, 2017: After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/western-australian-state-election-2017-after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-electio.md) _Context: Labor Party_
4. [ Northern Territory general election, 2016: The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/northern-territory-general-election-2016-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide.md) _Context: Labor Party_
5. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Labor Party_
6. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Labor Party_
7. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Labor Party_
8. [Queensland state election, 2015: The Liberal National Party of Queensland loses its parliamentary majority, with outgoing Premier Campbell Newman losing his own seat of Ashgrove. It is unclear whether the Australian Labor Party, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, has won an outright majority or if the result is a hung parliament.](/news/2015/01/31/queensland-state-election-2015-the-liberal-national-party-of-queensland-loses-its-parliamentary-majority-with-outgoing-premier-campbell-n.md) _Context: Labor Party_
9. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Labor Party_
10. [Barry O'Farrell resigns as Premier of the Australian state of New South Wales after giving misleading evidence to the Independent Commission against Corruption. ](/news/2014/04/16/barry-o-farrell-resigns-as-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-after-giving-misleading-evidence-to-the-independent-commission.md) _Context: Premier_
