### [2005-08-3](/news/2005/08/3/index.md)

#  The chairman of the British Council of Mosques and Imams has advised British Muslim women to refrain from wearing clothing, such as the Hijab, which identifies them as Muslim following a large increase in "Islamophobia" and Hate crimes. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4742869.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/england/london/4742729.stm)

### Related:

1. [The FBI launches a hate crime investigation into the February 11 killing of three Muslim students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. ](/news/2015/02/12/the-fbi-launches-a-hate-crime-investigation-into-the-february-11-killing-of-three-muslim-students-in-chapel-hill-north-carolina.md) _Context: Muslim, hate crime_
2. [ Australia's senior Muslim cleric Sheikh Taj El-Din Hilaly is barred from preaching for three months after his controversial speech comparing women who did not wear the hijab to "uncovered meat". ](/news/2006/10/27/australia-s-senior-muslim-cleric-sheikh-taj-el-din-hilaly-is-barred-from-preaching-for-three-months-after-his-controversial-speech-comparin.md) _Context: Muslim, hijab_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
4. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
5. [Two men are stabbed to death in a train in Portland, Oregon, after they attempt to intervene while a man shouts racial slurs at two teenage girls, one of them wearing a hijab. ](/news/2017/05/26/two-men-are-stabbed-to-death-in-a-train-in-portland-oregon-after-they-attempt-to-intervene-while-a-man-shouts-racial-slurs-at-two-teenage.md) _Context: hijab_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
7. [The Turkish government lifts the ban prohibiting female army officers from wearing a Hijab. The military is the last Turkish institution to end the ban. ](/news/2017/02/22/the-turkish-government-lifts-the-ban-prohibiting-female-army-officers-from-wearing-a-hijab-the-military-is-the-last-turkish-institution-to.md) _Context: hijab_
8. [In an apparent hate crime, an Indian engineer is shot dead and another injured in Olathe, Kansas. ](/news/2017/02/22/in-an-apparent-hate-crime-an-indian-engineer-is-shot-dead-and-another-injured-in-olathe-kansas.md) _Context: hate crime_
9. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim_
