### [2014-06-13](/news/2014/06/13/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. Arsen Avakov, Ukraine's Minister of the Interior, claims that Ukrainian forces have recaptured the port of Mariupol. 

Ukrainian government forces reclaimed the port city of Mariupol from pro-Russian separatists in heavy fighting on Friday and said they had regained control of a long stretch of the border with Russia.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/13/us-ukraine-crisis-flag-idUSKBN0EO0MX20140613)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. Ukraine's Interior Minister Arsen Avakov claims that three Russian tanks crossed into eastern Ukraine and were attacked by the Ukrainian Army. ](/news/2014/06/12/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-ukraine-s-interior-minister-arsen-avakov-claims-that-three-russian-tanks-crossed-into-eastern-ukraine.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine, Arsen Avakov, Ukraine's Minister of the Interior_
2. [War in Donbass. Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/war-in-donbass-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-cont.md) _Context: Mariupol_
3. [War in Donbass. The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/war-in-donbass-the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Mariupol_
4. [War in Donbass:. A rocket attack on an open-air market in Mariupol, Ukraine, leaves at least 27 people killed and more than 90 injured. The pro-Russian rebel leader, Alexander Zakharchenko, announces an offensive on Mariupol. ](/news/2015/01/24/war-in-donbass-a-rocket-attack-on-an-open-air-market-in-mariupol-ukraine-leaves-at-least-27-people-killed-and-more-than-90-injured-the.md) _Context: Mariupol_
5. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. A spokesman for Russia's Investigative Committee confirms that Nadiya Savchenko, the female military aviator who was captured by pro-Russian separatists on June 18, is now held in Voronezh, Russia, where she has been charged with killing two Russian journalists. ](/news/2014/07/9/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-a-spokesman-for-russia-s-investigative-committee-confirms-that-nadiya-savchenko-the-female-military-a.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
6. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. Minister of Defense of Ukraine Valeriy Heletey says that special forces have retaken the city of Kostiantynivka, Donetsk from armed insurgents. ](/news/2014/07/7/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-minister-of-defense-of-ukraine-valeriy-heletey-says-that-special-forces-have-retaken-the-city-of-kosti.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
7. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. Ukrainian forces recapture the pro-Russian armed separatists' main strongholds of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk after the separatists defending it escaped an encirclement. ](/news/2014/07/5/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-ukrainian-forces-recapture-the-pro-russian-armed-separatists-main-strongholds-of-slovyansk-and-kramat.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. Ukrainian forces reclaim control of the city of Siversk from pro-Russian insurgents, and move on to consolidate their position by repairing damaged infrastructure and funneling aid into recently recaptured territory. ](/news/2014/07/10/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-ukrainian-forces-reclaim-control-of-the-city-of-siversk-from-pro-russian-insurgents-and-move-on-to-co.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine. The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko states that the Ukraine government's forces will resume offensive operations against pro-Russian rebels. ](/news/2014/07/1/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-states-that-the-ukraine-government-s-forces-will-resume-offe.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
10. [Petro Poroshenko is sworn in as the President of Ukraine as the Pro-Russian separatist conflict continues. ](/news/2014/06/7/petro-poroshenko-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-ukraine-as-the-pro-russian-separatist-conflict-continues.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine_
