### [2008-03-17](/news/2008/03/17/index.md)

#  The Florida Democratic Party abandons plans to redo the Florida Democratic primary, 2008 using mail-in ballots. 

Barack Obama confronted the divisions between black and white as he sought to dispel the furor over his pastor’s words.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5igrYLRrHG3P6lIbs2E7pSH0bxhvgD8VFEFHO0)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/19/us/politics/19obama.html)

### Related:

1. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic, Florida_
2. [ United States Democratic Party's Rules and Bylaws Committee meets to decide on the Florida and Michigan democratic primaries held in violation of scheduling rules. The Committee decides that both states delegate counts would be halved. ](/news/2008/05/31/united-states-democratic-party-s-rules-and-bylaws-committee-meets-to-decide-on-the-florida-and-michigan-democratic-primaries-held-in-violat.md) _Context: Democratic, Florida_
3. [ Voters in Florida go to the polls to determine presidential nominees. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary with no delegates awarded. ](/news/2008/01/29/voters-in-florida-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominees-new-york-senator-hillary-clinton-wins-the-democratic-primary-with-no.md) _Context: Florida, Florida Democratic primary, 2008_
4. [ U.S. presidential election, 2000: Republican challenger and Governor of Texas George W. Bush defeats Democrat Vice President Al Gore by the electoral college, despite Gore winning the popular votes, but the final outcome is not known for over a month because of disputed votes in Florida, until 12 December 2000 the US Supreme Court stop the recount.](/news/2000/11/7/u-s-presidential-election-2000-republican-challenger-and-governor-of-texas-george-w-bush-defeats-democrat-vice-president-al-gore-by-the.md) _Context: Democratic, Florida_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 kp/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-kp-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Democratic_
7. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
