### [2008-03-17](/news/2008/03/17/index.md)

#  United Nations police are forced to retreat from Serb areas of Mitrovica after clashes with Serb protesters. At least 22 UN policemen and two Kosovo Force soldiers are injured. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7300015.stm)

### Related:

1. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Mitrovica, Serbia_
2. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
3. [ Serbia formally proposes partitioning Kosovo along ethnic lines, asking the United Nations to ensure that Belgrade can control key institutions and functions in areas of the newly independent country where Serbs form a majority. ](/news/2008/03/24/serbia-formally-proposes-partitioning-kosovo-along-ethnic-lines-asking-the-united-nations-to-ensure-that-belgrade-can-control-key-institut.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
4. [ Martti Ahtisaari unveils a United Nations plan for the final status of Kosovo. Serbian leaders denounced the proposal. ](/news/2007/02/2/martti-ahtisaari-unveils-a-united-nations-plan-for-the-final-status-of-kosovo-serbian-leaders-denounced-the-proposal.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
5. [ Two people die in protests in Pristina, Kosovo over a United Nations plan for the future of the Serbian province. ](/news/2007/02/11/two-people-die-in-protests-in-pria-tina-kosovo-over-a-united-nations-plan-for-the-future-of-the-serbian-province.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
6. [ Serbian ex-police general Sreten Lukic surrenders to the UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged for connection with killings of Kosovo Albanians in 1999 when he was a head of paramilitary group MUP. ](/news/2005/04/4/serbian-ex-police-general-sreten-lukia-surrenders-to-the-un-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged-for-connection-with-killings-o.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
7. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
8. [ Serbian Justice Minister Zoran Stojkovic rejects the U.N. ICTY war crimes tribunal's demands that Serbia arrest four generals accused of committing atrocities in Kosovo. ](/news/2005/01/5/serbian-justice-minister-zoran-stojkovia-rejects-the-u-n-icty-war-crimes-tribunal-s-demands-that-serbia-arrest-four-generals-accused-of-c.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
9. [ Unrest in Kosovo: NATO announces that it will reinforce its Kosovo Force, following ethnic unrest there that has killed at least 31 people over the past two days. More Serbian Orthodox Churches have been set ablaze by Albanians and violence has continued in and around Kosovo Serb enclaves. Russia and Serbia and Montenegro call for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council. United Nations officials attempt to restore order in the province and blame the unrest on nationalist extremists on both sides. More demonstrations have taken place across Serbia, so far without the violence seen the previous day. ](/news/2004/03/18/unrest-in-kosovo-nato-announces-that-it-will-reinforce-its-kosovo-force-following-ethnic-unrest-there-that-has-killed-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Kosovo Force, Serbia_
10. [ The Serbian government has indicated that it wants to retake control of the province of Kosovo, arguing that the United Nations, which currently has control, has failed to reestablish the rule of law.](/news/2003/08/12/the-serbian-government-has-indicated-that-it-wants-to-retake-control-of-the-province-of-kosovo-arguing-that-the-united-nations-which-curr.md) _Context: Serbia, United Nations_
