### [2007-05-5](/news/2007/05/5/index.md)

#  A third mass rally in support of secularism in Turkey is held in Canakkale, protesting against the Justice and Development Party (AKP) regarding the presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Hürriyet](http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/gundem/6462629.asp?gid=180)
2. [Turkish Press](http://www.turkishpress.com/news.asp?id=174544)

### Related:

1. [ More than a million secularist Turks march in Istanbul to protest against the candidacy of Islamist Abdullah Gl in the 2007 presidential election. ](/news/2007/04/29/more-than-a-million-secularist-turks-march-in-istanbul-to-protest-against-the-candidacy-of-islamist-abdullah-gul-in-the-2007-presidential-e.md) _Context: July elections, secular foundation, third mass rally_
2. [ At least one million people gather in Izmir, Turkey for the fifth mass rally to demand their country remain a secular state, stepping up pressure on the Islamist-rooted Justice and Development Party (AKP) government before July elections. ](/news/2007/05/13/at-least-one-million-people-gather-in-adegzmir-turkey-for-the-fifth-mass-rally-to-demand-their-country-remain-a-secular-state-stepping-up-p.md) _Context: July elections, ruling party_
3. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: ruling party, third mass rally_
4. [Creation-evolution controversy: Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution to its students until their university level curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/creation-evolution-controversy-turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-to-its-students-until-their-university-level-curriculum-deeming.md) _Context: secular foundation_
5. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: In an unusual show of unity, tens of thousands of supporters of Turkey's ruling party and the country's main opposition parties hold a cross-party "Republic and Democracy" rally in support of democracy in Istanbul's central Taksim Square. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-in-an-unusual-show-of-unity-tens-of-thousands-of-supporters-of-turkey-s-ruling-party-and-the-country-s-m.md) _Context: ruling party_
6. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: ruling party_
7. [Turkish general election, November 2015: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) wins Sunday's snap election with more than 49 percent of the vote. AKP, projected to get 316 seats in the 550-seat parliament, regains single-party rule just five months after losing it. ](/news/2015/11/1/turkish-general-election-november-2015-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-ruling-justice-and-development-party-akp-wins-sunday-s.md) _Context: ruling party_
8. [Censorship in Turkey: Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said -We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists- seats-just like junta periods, this is called a police state-. ](/news/2015/10/28/censorship-in-turkey-turkish-police-storm-and-shut-down-both-kanalta1-4rk-tv-and-buga1-4n-tv-stations-that-have-been-critical-of-the-ruling-ju.md) _Context: ruling party_
9. [Turkish general election, June 2015: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a general election with the ruling AKP seeking enough votes to enable them to change the constitution. However, early projections show that they will lose their majority in the new parliament. ](/news/2015/06/7/turkish-general-election-june-2015-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-ruling-akp-seeking-enough-votes-to-ena.md) _Context: ruling party_
10. [Two recent polls indicate that the ruling party in Republic of Turkey, the Justice and Development Party of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, is in danger of losing its parliamentary majority in the June 7 election. ](/news/2015/05/25/two-recent-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-party-in-republic-of-turkey-the-justice-and-development-party-of-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-is-in-dan.md) _Context: ruling party_
