### [2007-05-5](/news/2007/05/5/index.md)

#  Footage showing seventeen-year-old Kurdish girl Du-a Khalil Aswad being stoned to death for having a relationship with a Sunni boy is posted on YouTube. 

A horrifying video showing a 17-year-old Kurdish girl being stoned to death for having a relationship with a Sunni Muslim boy has made its way onto the Web, drawing outrage and condemnation from international human rights groups.


### Source:

1. [FOX](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,270111,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (2015-present). Turkish fighter jets kill 19 suspected Kurdish militants in strikes on the Gara region in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/12/10/kurdish-turkish-conflict-2015-present-turkish-fighter-jets-kill-19-suspected-kurdish-militants-in-strikes-on-the-gara-region-in-north.md) _Context: Kurdish_
2. [Christina Grimmie, a YouTube star and former contestant on "The Voice", is shot dead by an "infatuated" fan as she signed autographs following a concert appearance with Before You Exit at The Plaza Live in Orlando, Florida. The shooter, 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl, shot himself dead after being tackled by Grimmie's Brother. Grimmie died in a hospital just before 11 p.m. ](/news/2016/06/10/christina-grimmie-a-youtube-star-and-former-contestant-on-the-voice-is-shot-dead-by-an-infatuated-fan-as-she-signed-autographs-followi.md) _Context: YouTube_
3. [March 2016 Ankara bombing. Turkey-s Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today. Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/march-2016-ankara-bombing-turkey-s-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-w.md) _Context: Kurdish_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Two Sunni mosques are bombed in central Iraq and a muezzin is killed amid fears of renewals of sectarian strife following Saudi Arabia's execution of Shi'ite cleric Nimr al-Nimr in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/01/4/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-two-sunni-mosques-are-bombed-in-central-iraq-and-a-muezzin-is-killed-amid-fears-of-renewals-of-sectarian-s.md) _Context: Sunni_
5. [Pakistan lifts a three-year ban on YouTube after Google launches a local version that allows the government to demand removal of material it considers to be offensive. Similar systems have existed in China for many years. ](/news/2016/01/19/pakistan-lifts-a-three-year-ban-on-youtube-after-google-launches-a-local-version-that-allows-the-government-to-demand-removal-of-material-it.md) _Context: YouTube_
6. [Turkey-PKK conflict. Tahir Elci, a pro-Kurdish lawyer, is shot dead at a press conference in the city of Diyarbakir as clashes break out between Turkish security forces and PKK militants. ](/news/2015/11/28/turkey-pkk-conflict-tahir-elassi-a-pro-kurdish-lawyer-is-shot-dead-at-a-press-conference-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-as-clashes-break-out.md) _Context: Kurdish_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The Associated Press reports that Kurds in Syria established a new administration in the Sunni-Arab town of Tal Abyad, which the Kurds wrestled from ISIS last June. ](/news/2015/10/22/syrian-civil-war-the-associated-press-reports-that-kurds-in-syria-established-a-new-administration-in-the-sunni-arab-town-of-tal-abyad-whi.md) _Context: Sunni_
8. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Rojava Revolution. The United States believes that ISIL used a sulfur mustard agent against Kurdish forces in Iraq earlier this week. date=December 2015](/news/2015/08/13/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rojava-revolution-the-united-states-believes-that-isil-used-a-sulfur-mustard-agent-against-kurdish-fo.md) _Context: Kurdish_
9. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Suruc bombing. A huge explosion in the mostly Kurdish border town of Suruc, Turkey, targeting The Socialist Youth Associations Federation, kills at least 31 people and injures over 100. Preliminary evidence suggests an ISIS suicide attack. ](/news/2015/07/20/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-suruass-bombing-a-huge-explosion-in-the-mostly-kurdish-border-town-of-suruass-turkey-targeting-the-socia.md) _Context: Kurdish_
10. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). The Kurdish's People's Protection Units and independent monitors accuse ISIL of using poison gas while fighting in northern Syria late in June. ](/news/2015/07/18/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-the-kurdish-s-people-s-protection-units-and-independent-monitors-accuse-isil-of-using-poison-ga.md) _Context: Kurdish_
