### [2017-08-27](/news/2017/08/27/index.md)

# 2017 Atlantic hurricane season: The death toll from [[Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. 

The Houston region is being pummeled Saturday by bands of heavy rain and some possible tornadoes as Hurricane Harvey continues its devastation even after moving ashore Friday night as a Category 4 storm.


### Source:

1. [Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/local/education/campus-chronicles/article/Harvey-impacts-Texas-Latest-tropical-weather-11953474.php)

### Related:

1. [2016 Houston floods: Heavy rain of more than 1|ft causes major flooding in Houston, Texas, affecting 1,000 homes, causing five deaths and causing power outages for over 100,000 residents. ](/news/2016/04/18/2016-houston-floods-heavy-rain-of-more-than-1-ft-causes-major-flooding-in-houston-texas-affecting-1-000-homes-causing-five-deaths-and-ca.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
2. [A man is in custody in Harris County, Texas, after six children and two adults are found dead near the U.S. city of Houston. ](/news/2015/08/8/a-man-is-in-custody-in-harris-county-texas-after-six-children-and-two-adults-are-found-dead-near-the-u-s-city-of-houston.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
3. [Continental Airlines announces that it plans to lay off 500 staff in Houston, Texas following its merger with United Airlines. ](/news/2011/02/7/continental-airlines-announces-that-it-plans-to-lay-off-500-staff-in-houston-texas-following-its-merger-with-united-airlines.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
4. [ Iraqi officials have unconfirmed reports that they have found the bodies of the two U.S. soldiers the American military began looking for at the beginning of this week. The bodies of PFC Kristian Menchaca of Houston, Texas, and PFC Thomas Lowell Tucker of Madras, Oregon showed several signs of torture. ](/news/2006/06/20/iraqi-officials-have-unconfirmed-reports-that-they-have-found-the-bodies-of-the-two-u-s-soldiers-the-american-military-began-looking-for-a.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
5. [ Hurricane Katrina:: The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]: New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]: At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))]: The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/hurricane-katrina-the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-t.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
6. [ A federal judge in Houston, Texas, sentences former Enron executive Dan Boyle to 3 years and 10 months in prison for his involvement with a barge scam with securities firm Merrill Lynch. Two Merrill Lynch executives also receive sentences. ](/news/2005/05/12/a-federal-judge-in-houston-texas-sentences-former-enron-executive-dan-boyle-to-3-years-and-10-months-in-prison-for-his-involvement-with-a.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
7. [ Houston, Texas, is devastated by flooding when Tropical Storm Allison dumps 36&nbsp;inches (914&nbsp;mm) of rain on the city. Damage exceeds five billion American dollars over a 4-day period until June 9th.](/news/2001/06/5/houston-texas-is-devastated-by-flooding-when-tropical-storm-allison-dumps-36-nbsp-inches-914-nbsp-mm-of-rain-on-the-city-damage-exceed.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
8. [ War on Drugs: In one of the largest drug busts in American history, the United States Coast Guard intercepts a ship with over 9,500 pounds (4.3 t) of cocaine aboard. The ship was headed for Houston, Texas.](/news/1999/01/21/war-on-drugs-in-one-of-the-largest-drug-busts-in-american-history-the-united-states-coast-guard-intercepts-a-ship-with-over-9-500-pounds.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
