### [2017-08-27](/news/2017/08/27/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Tal Afar (2017): The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. 

 &nbsp; TAL AFAR, Iraq &ndash; The Iraqi army has announced that their forces are now in full control of the city of Tal Afar, just eight days after the launch of the operation against ISIS militants. &nbsp; Lt. Gen. Abdulamir Rashid Yaralla, commander of the Tal Afar operation, stated that the...


### Source:

1. [Rudaw](http://www.rudaw.net/english/middleeast/iraq/27082017)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Battle of Tal Afar (2017), ISIL, Tal Afar_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Nineveh Governorate_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. ](/news/2016/06/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-reports-at-least-250-isil-militants-were-killed-during-fighting-in-the-city-of-fallujah-whil.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Battle of Mosul (2016-17): The Iraqi Army retakes Mosul Museum as well as the main government building in Mosul. ](/news/2017/03/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-retakes-mosul-museum-as-well-as-the-main-government-building-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
