### [2017-08-27](/news/2017/08/27/index.md)

# President of Guatemala Jimmy Morales announced Sunday he is expelling the head of a U.N. anti-corruption commission that is investigating the president's campaign financing. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/L/LT_GUATEMALA_UN_PRESIDENT)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/L/LT_GUATEMALA_UN_PRESIDENT_THE_LATEST?)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-guatemala-corruption-idUSKCN1B70PT?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". ](/news/2016/04/22/belize-accuses-guatemala-of-amassing-troops-on-the-disputed-belizeaguatemala-border-following-the-death-of-a-teenage-guatemalan-boy-in-a.md) _Context: Jimmy Morales, President of Guatemala_
2. [Guatemalan Gustavo Alejos Cambara, once private secretary to former President Alvaro Colom, turns himself in to authorities on charges related to government medicine procurement corruption. ](/news/2015/12/28/guatemalan-gustavo-alejos-cambara-once-private-secretary-to-former-president-alvaro-colom-turns-himself-in-to-authorities-on-charges-rela.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
3. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-th.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
4. [The President of Guatemala, Otto Prez Molina, resigns after being charged in a corruption scandal; Vice President Alejandro Maldonado is sworn in as interim head of state. ](/news/2015/09/3/the-president-of-guatemala-otto-perez-molina-resigns-after-being-charged-in-a-corruption-scandal-vice-president-alejandro-maldonado-is-sw.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
5. [A judge orders that President of Guatemala Otto Perez Molina be detained for his alleged role in a corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-judge-orders-that-president-of-guatemala-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-be-detained-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
6. [Guatemala's Congress unanimously votes to strip President Otto Perez of immunity from prosecution for his alleged role in a graft scandal that has engulfed his government. Nationwide elections are scheduled for Sunday, September 6th; Perez is not eligible because of constitutional term limits. ](/news/2015/09/1/guatemala-s-congress-unanimously-votes-to-strip-president-otto-pa-c-rez-of-immunity-from-prosecution-for-his-alleged-role-in-a-graft-scandal-t.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
7. [A legislative commission urges the Congress of Guatemala to remove President Otto Perez Molina's immunity from prosecution over a corruption scandal that has caused former Vice President Roxana Baldetti to be jailed and much of the Cabinet to resign. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-legislative-commission-urges-the-congress-of-guatemala-to-remove-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-s-immunity-from-prosecution-over-a-corruptio.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
8. [Thousands of protesters joined a Guatemalan national strike Thursday demanding the resignation of President Otto Perez Molina for corruption. Five of 13 cabinet ministers have resigned since Friday, and Tuesday, the Supreme Court unanimously approved a motion to impeach the president. ](/news/2015/08/27/thousands-of-protesters-joined-a-guatemalan-national-strike-thursday-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-for-corruptio.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
9. [In Guatemala the country's electoral supreme court calls for general elections to be held on September 11 to elect President and Vice President, Mayors of the 333 municipal corporations, members for a new Congress and members for the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN). A second round of voting for President and Vice-President will be held on November 6 if needed.](/news/2011/05/2/in-guatemala-the-country-s-electoral-supreme-court-calls-for-general-elections-to-be-held-on-september-11-to-elect-president-and-vice-presid.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
10. [The President of Guatemala, Alvaro Colom, claims that Hugo Alvaro Gomez Vasquez, who has been arrested in relation to the killing of 27 cattle ranch workers, is a leader of the Los Zetas drug cartel in the country. ](/news/2011/05/18/the-president-of-guatemala-alvaro-colom-claims-that-hugo-alvaro-gomez-vasquez-who-has-been-arrested-in-relation-to-the-killing-of-27-catt.md) _Context: President of Guatemala_
