### [2017-08-27](/news/2017/08/27/index.md)

# The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. 

The Houston region is being pummeled Saturday by bands of heavy rain and some possible tornadoes as Hurricane Harvey continues its devastation even after moving ashore Friday night as a Category 4 storm.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/27/us/harvey-impact-by-the-numbers-trnd/index.html)
2. [Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/local/education/campus-chronicles/article/Harvey-impacts-Texas-Latest-tropical-weather-11953474.php)

### Related:

1. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Houston, Hurricane Harvey, Texas_
2. [Harvey is now a tropical storm with sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kmh). It made landfall on Texas's eastern coast, the eye striking the town of Rockport, as a Category 4 hurricane. It's the strongest storm to hit the state since 1961. Harvey is expected to maintain tropical storm strength, with heavy rains and flooding, for at least four days. ](/news/2017/08/26/harvey-is-now-a-tropical-storm-with-sustained-winds-of-70-mph-110-kmh-it-made-landfall-on-texas-s-eastern-coast-the-eye-striking-the-tow.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Harvey_
3. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much as 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Harvey_
4. [Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threatening-storm-surge-rainfall-and.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Texas_
5. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
6. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham, west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
7. [Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election. Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote. King conceded defeat and encouraged Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election. ](/news/2015/12/13/veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston-s-runoff-mayoral-election-turne.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
8. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
9. [Six construction workers, injured when scaffolding at an unfinished building collapsed in Houston, Texas (US), are rushed to area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. Firefighters continue to sift through the debris for other potential victims. ](/news/2015/10/16/six-construction-workers-injured-when-scaffolding-at-an-unfinished-building-collapsed-in-houston-texas-us-are-rushed-to-area-hospitals.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
10. [Two students die and three others are injured after a school bus is struck by another vehicle and swerves off an Interstate 610 overpass in Houston, Texas. ](/news/2015/09/15/two-students-die-and-three-others-are-injured-after-a-school-bus-is-struck-by-another-vehicle-and-swerves-off-an-interstate-610-overpass-in.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
