### [2011-02-26](/news/2011/02/26/index.md)

# Nearly 70,000 people attend a rally in the U.S. city of Madison, Wisconsin over plans by the Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker to remove collective bargaining rights from most state employees. 

For a second straight Saturday, tens of thousands of protesters filled the streets around the state Capitol in what organizers hoped would be the largest day in the struggle to


### Source:

1. [Wisconsin State Journal](http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/govt-and-politics/article_19c56fb6-41d7-11e0-820b-001cc4c03286.html)

### Related:

1. [Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker rejects union concessions on the state budget as protests continue in the state capital. ](/news/2011/02/19/governor-of-wisconsin-scott-walker-rejects-union-concessions-on-the-state-budget-as-protests-continue-in-the-state-capital.md) _Context: Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin, Scott Walker_
2. [Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker quits his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/09/21/governor-of-wisconsin-scott-walker-quits-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination.md) _Context: Governor of Wisconsin, Scott Walker_
3. [Republicans in the Wisconsin Senate vote to remove collective bargaining rights from state employees separate from the budget to end the impasse over the state budget with no Democrat Senators present. ](/news/2011/03/9/republicans-in-the-wisconsin-senate-vote-to-remove-collective-bargaining-rights-from-state-employees-separate-from-the-budget-to-end-the-imp.md) _Context: 2011 Wisconsin budget protests, collective bargaining_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court's even split among the current eight justices turns down a group of California teachers' challenge to agency fees public sector unions representing government employees charge employees for collective bargaining costs, whether or not they choose to join the union. Twenty-four other states and the District of Columbia have a similar provision. The ninth circuit federal appellate court ruling in the union's favor stands. Employees challenging the law may bring the appeal again, once the vacancy on the nation's highest court is filled. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-s-even-split-among-the-current-eight-justices-turns-down-a-group-of-california-teachers-challenge-to-agency-fees-pub.md) _Context: collective bargaining_
5. [CNN announces the September 16, prime time  presidential debate panel.  Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. ](/news/2015/09/11/cnn-announces-the-september-16-prime-time-presidential-debate-panel-carly-fiorina-who-had-sufficient-poll-support-following-the-first-d.md) _Context: Scott Walker_
6. [Scott Walker, the Governor of Wisconsin, announces that he will be seeking the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2015/07/13/scott-walker-the-governor-of-wisconsin-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-nomination.md) _Context: Scott Walker_
7. [Madison, Wisconsin, becomes one of the first cities in the United States to make discrimination against atheists illegal. ](/news/2015/05/3/madison-wisconsin-becomes-one-of-the-first-cities-in-the-united-states-to-make-discrimination-against-atheists-illegal.md) _Context: Madison, Wisconsin_
8. [Officer Matt Kenny of the Madison Police Department will not face charges in relation to the shooting of Tony Robinson in March 2015 in the American city of Madison, Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/12/officer-matt-kenny-of-the-madison-police-department-will-not-face-charges-in-relation-to-the-shooting-of-tony-robinson-in-march-2015-in-the.md) _Context: Madison, Wisconsin_
9. [June 16-18 Tornado Outbreak begins. Twin EF4 tornadoes devastate northeast Nebraska. A town particularly hit hard being Pilger, NE where a young girl is killed. At night several other tornadoes touch down and one of them, an EF3, tears through the southwest portions of Madison, Wisconsin. ](/news/2014/06/16/june-16-18-tornado-outbreak-begins-twin-ef4-tornadoes-devastate-northeast-nebraska-a-town-particularly-hit-hard-being-pilger-ne-where-a-y.md) _Context: Madison, Wisconsin_
10. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for the gubernatorial and Wisconsin Senate recall election with incumbent governor Scott Walker retaining his office, and the Democrats control of the state Senate. ](/news/2012/06/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-the-gubernatorial-and-wisconsin-senate-recall-election-with-incumbent-governor-sco.md) _Context: Scott Walker_
