### [2011-02-26](/news/2011/02/26/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council, after the defected Libyan Ambassador to the UN Abdel Rahman Mohamed Shalgam's appeal to act against Muammar Gaddafi's regime escalating violence, being used to crackdown the 2011 Libyan civil war, and following propositions by France, Germany, United Kingdom and the United States, adopts resolution 1970, 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12587078)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12589434)
3. [UN Multimedia](http://www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast/)
4. [UN press release on UNSC resolution 1970](http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2011/sc10187.doc.htm)

### Related:

1. [ France, United States, United Kingdom, Russia, People's Republic of China and Germany decide to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council over its nuclear program, after Iran not deciding whether to respond to a package of incentives quickly enough. ](/news/2006/07/12/france-united-states-united-kingdom-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-and-germany-decide-to-refer-iran-to-the-u-n-security-council-ove.md) _Context: France, Germany, U.S., United Kingdom, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: France, U.S., United Kingdom, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declining-security-situat.md) _Context: France, U.S., United Kingdom, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, Germany, U.S., United Kingdom_
5. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: France, Germany, U.S., United Kingdom_
6. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: France, Germany, U.S., United Kingdom_
7. [France and Germany follow the United States and United Kingdom in withdrawing civilian staff from Afghan government facilities following the killing of two senior NATO officers. ](/news/2012/02/26/france-and-germany-follow-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-in-withdrawing-civilian-staff-from-afghan-government-facilities-following-the.md) _Context: France, Germany, U.S., United Kingdom_
8. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: France, Germany, United Kingdom, United Nations Security Council_
9. [ Libya:The United Nations Security Council adopts Resolution 1970, imposing sanctions on Muammar Gaddafi's regime. ](/news/2011/02/27/libya-pthe-united-nations-security-council-adopts-resolution-1970-imposing-sanctions-on-muammar-gaddafi-s-regime.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, Resolution 1970, United Nations Security Council_
10. [The US, UK, France and Germany ban all air freight from Yemen at their respective countries' airports following the discovery of two explosive packages. ](/news/2010/10/31/the-us-uk-france-and-germany-ban-all-air-freight-from-yemen-at-their-respective-countries-airports-following-the-discovery-of-two-explosi.md) _Context: France, Germany, U.S., United Kingdom_
