### [2007-01-31](/news/2007/01/31/index.md)

#  Boston transit officials and the U.S. Coast Guard shut down parts of Interstate 93, two bridges, and a section of the Charles River after  the discovery of suspicious devices placed around the city. Turner Broadcasting released a statement that the items were marketing tools placed within ten U.S. cities for the cartoon ''Aqua Teen Hunger Force''. One arrest was made Wednesday. 

The discovery of the devices temporarily closed parts of bridges, subway stations, an Interstate highway and even part of the Charles River in Boston.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/02/01/us/01boston.html)

### Related:

1. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Boston_
2. [A dangerous cold snap hits the northeastern United States with the city of Boston, Massachusetts, to face its coldest Valentine's Day in four decades. ](/news/2016/02/13/a-dangerous-cold-snap-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-with-the-city-of-boston-massachusetts-to-face-its-coldest-valentine-s-day-in-fou.md) _Context: Boston_
3. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
4. [During U.S. Labor Day holiday activities in Boston, President Barack Obama announces a new executive order requiring federal government contractors to offer workers seven days of paid sick leave per year. On July 1st, Massachusetts became the third state, Connecticut and California being the others, with similar requirements. ](/news/2015/09/7/during-u-s-labor-day-holiday-activities-in-boston-president-barack-obama-announces-a-new-executive-order-requiring-federal-government-cont.md) _Context: Boston_
5. [Authorities arrest two Iowa men in Saugus, Massachusetts after heavy firearms are discovered in their hotel room. The two men had made threats on social media stating their targeting of the 2015 Pokemon Video Game World Championships that are being held in Boston. ](/news/2015/08/23/authorities-arrest-two-iowa-men-in-saugus-massachusetts-after-heavy-firearms-are-discovered-in-their-hotel-room-the-two-men-had-made-threa.md) _Context: Boston_
6. [ Norwegian Cruise Line's ''Norwegian Dawn'' ran aground three miles off Bermuda when departing for a return trip to Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.. ](/news/2015/05/19/norwegian-cruise-line-s-norwegian-dawn-ran-aground-three-miles-off-bermuda-when-departing-for-a-return-trip-to-boston-massachusetts-u.md) _Context: Boston_
7. [The U.S. city of Boston, Massachusetts, sets all-time records for amount of snow on the ground and amount of snow over 30-day and 40-day periods in 17 days. ](/news/2015/02/9/the-u-s-city-of-boston-massachusetts-sets-all-time-records-for-amount-of-snow-on-the-ground-and-amount-of-snow-over-30-day-and-40-day-per.md) _Context: Boston_
8. [New England sees the worst of the blizzard with Boston, Massachusetts covered in two feet of snow. ](/news/2015/01/27/new-england-sees-the-worst-of-the-blizzard-with-boston-massachusetts-covered-in-two-feet-of-snow.md) _Context: Boston_
9. [A gunman shoots a cardiovascular surgeon to death at Harvard Medical School's Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, and then commits suicide. ](/news/2015/01/20/a-gunman-shoots-a-cardiovascular-surgeon-to-death-at-harvard-medical-school-s-brigham-and-women-s-hospital-in-boston-massachusetts-and-the.md) _Context: Boston_
10. [Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonville-miami-and-washington-d-c-where-protes.md) _Context: Boston_
