### [2007-01-31](/news/2007/01/31/index.md)

#  Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is criticized after it is revealed that he described the Kyoto global warming protocol as a "socialist scheme to suck money out of wealth-producing nations" in a 2002 letter. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2007/01/31/liberals-kyoto.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Moldova head to the polls in the country's presidential runoff between two opposition candidates, Igor Dodon, from the pro-Russian socialist PSRM, and Maia Sandu, from the pro-EU liberal PAS, with Dodon expected to win. Preliminary results, in this first Moldovan election where the president is chosen by national votes rather than by parliament, will be announced Monday. ](/news/2016/11/13/voters-in-moldova-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-presidential-runoff-between-two-opposition-candidates-igor-dodon-from-the-pro-russian.md) _Context: socialist_
2. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the  vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: socialist_
3. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
4. [A United Nations climate conference held in Doha, Qatar, agrees to extend the Kyoto Protocol until 2020. ](/news/2012/12/8/a-united-nations-climate-conference-held-in-doha-qatar-agrees-to-extend-the-kyoto-protocol-until-2020.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol_
5. [Rescue efforts restart at Algo Centre Mall, after the Premier of Ontario, Dalton McGuinty, orders them resumed. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper asks the Canadian Forces to ready for deployment, if they should be needed. ](/news/2012/06/26/rescue-efforts-restart-at-algo-centre-mall-after-the-premier-of-ontario-dalton-mcguinty-orders-them-resumed-canadian-prime-minister-step.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
6. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper goes on an official visit to China, meeting with President Hu Jintao, Premier Wen Jiabao, and Vice-Premier Li Keqiang. The two countries sign trade deals worth over $3 billion. ](/news/2012/02/9/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-goes-on-an-official-visit-to-china-meeting-with-president-hu-jintao-premier-wen-jiabao-and-vice-pr.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
7. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper meets privately with Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai. The latter is currently embroiled in the Wang Lijun affair in what is rumoured to be an intense political struggle. ](/news/2012/02/11/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-meets-privately-with-chongqing-party-boss-bo-xilai-the-latter-is-currently-embroiled-in-the-wang-lij.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
8. [Canada announces that it will withdraw from the Kyoto Protocol, because the country would face large penalties because of treaty violations.](/news/2011/12/12/canada-announces-that-it-will-withdraw-from-the-kyoto-protocol-because-the-country-would-face-large-penalties-because-of-treaty-violations.md) _Context: Kyoto Protocol_
9. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
10. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
