### [2013-11-25](/news/2013/11/25/index.md)

# Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, arrives in Bucharest, Romania, to attend the China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) leaders- meeting as a guest of Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta. 




### Source:

1. [tvz.tv](http://www.tvz.tv/index.php?c=events&s=more&id=13443)

### Related:

1. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
2. [Romanian presidential election, 2014: Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/romanian-presidential-election-2014-voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohanni.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
3. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
4. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
5. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
6. [In a landslide victory, Prime Minister Victor Ponta's ruling Social Liberal Union wins nearly 60% of votes in Romania's parliamentary election, with a projected 66-67% of MP mandates. ](/news/2012/12/10/in-a-landslide-victory-prime-minister-victor-ponta-s-ruling-social-liberal-union-wins-nearly-60-of-votes-in-romania-s-parliamentary-electi.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
7. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Bucharest, Romania_
8. [China-Norway relations: Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/china-norway-relations-prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-t.md) _Context: Li Keqiang, Premier of the People's Republic of China_
9. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania_
10. [Romanian legislative election, 2016: Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/romanian-legislative-election-2016-being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
