### [2011-04-1](/news/2011/04/1/index.md)

# Japan Self-Defense Forces and the members of the United States Armed Forces search for people still missing after the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. 




### Source:

1. [Kyodo](http://english.kyodonews.jp/news/2011/04/82460.html)

### Related:

1. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
3. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's ''de facto'' Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
4. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts  an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international  waters of the  Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-para.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
5. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel.  He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
6. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: an earthquake and tsunami_
7. [The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. ](/news/2017/02/28/the-trump-administration-plans-to-increase-the-budget-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-by-more-than-9.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
8. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
9. [Two explosions in a park in the Japanese city of Utsunomiya, Tochigi Prefecture, kill at least one person and injure three others. Local media report that a 72-year-old ex-military officer is responsible for the blasts. A fire the same day destroyed the suspect's house. ](/news/2016/10/23/two-explosions-in-a-park-in-the-japanese-city-of-utsunomiya-tochigi-prefecture-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-three-others-local-med.md) _Context: military_
10. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
