### [2016-11-18](/news/2016/11/18/index.md)

# Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. 

Sen. Jeff Sessions has been offered the post of attorney general, while Rep. Mike Pompeo and Michael Flynn have been offered the respective positions of CIA chief and national security adviser.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/11/18/502207098/trump-picks-sen-jeff-sessions-for-attorney-general)

### Related:

1. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Jeff Sessions, President-elect_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory-reform.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump names South Carolina governor Nikki Haley as United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2016/11/23/president-elect-donald-trump-names-south-carolina-governor-nikki-haley-as-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
5. [Ben Carson, former GOP presidential candidate, current advisor to  President-elect Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon, has decided to not accept a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. ](/news/2016/11/15/ben-carson-former-gop-presidential-candidate-current-advisor-to-president-elect-donald-trump-and-retired-neurosurgeon-has-decided-to-not.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
6. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump says he plans to deport or imprison up to 3 million illegal migrants, targeting those with criminal records. ](/news/2016/11/13/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-deport-or-imprison-up-to-3-million-illegal-migrants-targeting-those-with.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
7. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
8. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Attorney General, Director of the CIA, United States Senate_
9. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at a Republican Senator who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-arepeal-onlya-propositions-of-the-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donald-trump-lashes-out.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States Senate_
10. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor_
