### [2016-11-18](/news/2016/11/18/index.md)

# The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/19/health/who-ends-zika-global-health-emergency.html?emc=edit_na_20161118&nlid=66213151&ref=cta)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
2. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
3. [The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
4. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
5. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
6. [  The World Health Organization confirms that the Zika virus strain spreading in Cape Verde is the same as the one in the Americas. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-world-health-organization-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-strain-spreading-in-cape-verde-is-the-same-as-the-one-in-the-americas.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
7. [Some Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates baseball players, who are scheduled to play a two-game series the end of May in San Juan, Puerto Rico, to honor Pirates Hall of Famer Roberto Clemente, are concerned about being exposed to the Zika virus. About 400 cases have been confirmed in the Commonwealth. ](/news/2016/04/21/some-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-baseball-players-who-are-scheduled-to-play-a-two-game-series-the-end-of-may-in-san-juan-puerto-r.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
8. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
9. [Chile confirms its first case of sexually transmitted  Zika virus. The case involves a 46-year-old woman whose partner was infected while in Haiti. ](/news/2016/03/26/chile-confirms-its-first-case-of-sexually-transmitted-zika-virus-the-case-involves-a-46-year-old-woman-whose-partner-was-infected-while-in.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
10. [  Cuban officials announce they have detected the first case of the Zika virus transmitted inside the country: a 21-year-old Havana woman who had not traveled abroad. Cuba has reported a handful of travel-associated Zika cases, all believed imported from Venezuela. ](/news/2016/03/16/cuban-officials-announce-they-have-detected-the-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-transmitted-inside-the-country-a-21-year-old-havana-woman-wh.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak_
