### [2006-06-11](/news/2006/06/11/index.md)

#  Iraqi eye-witnesses claim Abu Musab al-Zarqawi was briefly interrogated and kicked in the chest by the U.S. military before his subsequent death. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Sunday Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2089-2220222,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](/d/778/img/dual-masthead-placeholder-16x9.png)

### Related:

1. [ Operation Imposing Law: U.S. military spokesman Maj. Gen. William Caldwell announces that Muqtada Al Sadr fled Iraq several weeks ago and is in Iran. ](/news/2007/02/14/operation-imposing-law-u-s-military-spokesman-maj-gen-william-caldwell-announces-that-muqtada-al-sadr-fled-iraq-several-weeks-ago-and-i.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. military_
2. [ Egypt confirms its most senior envoy to Iraq, Ihab al-Sherif, has been killed after being kidnapped last week. A group related to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2005/07/7/egypt-confirms-its-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-ihab-al-sherif-has-been-killed-after-being-kidnapped-last-week-a-group-related-to-abu-musab.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Iraq_
3. [ Al-Qaeda in Iraq claims in its website that Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has been wounded. ](/news/2005/05/24/al-qaeda-in-iraq-claims-in-its-website-that-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-has-been-wounded.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Iraq_
4. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Iraq_
5. [ U.S. Military officials report that 102 soldiers, 85% of which are serving in Iraq, Kuwait and Afghanistan, have contracted a rather rare blood infection by Acinetobacter baumannii. Military investigators say there is no evidence of biochemical agents in the infection which surfaces occasionally in unsanitary hospitals, but that some soldiers were arriving with infections. ](/news/2004/11/19/u-s-military-officials-report-that-102-soldiers-85-of-which-are-serving-in-iraq-kuwait-and-afghanistan-have-contracted-a-rather-rare-b.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. military_
6. [ The Iraqi government blames Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for a series of church bombings that killed at least 11 people, saying the aim was to spark religious strife and drive Christians out of the country. ](/news/2004/08/2/the-iraqi-government-blames-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-for-a-series-of-church-bombings-that-killed-at-least-11-people-saying-the-a.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Iraq_
7. [ Witnesses and hospital officials say that 22 Iraqis, among them children, women, and youths, are killed in a U.S. air strike in a residential neighborhood in Fallujah. U.S. officials say that they targeted an Abu Musab al-Zarqawi safe house. ](/news/2004/06/19/witnesses-and-hospital-officials-say-that-22-iraqis-among-them-children-women-and-youths-are-killed-in-a-u-s-air-strike-in-a-residenti.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Iraq_
8. [ The United States Army in Iraq announces a $10 million dollar reward for the capture of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a leader of the terrorist organization Ansar al-Islam, blamed for the deaths of unknown numbers of Iraqi citizens and U.S. military during the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq.](/news/2004/02/11/the-united-states-army-in-iraq-announces-a-10-million-dollar-reward-for-the-capture-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-a-leader-of-the-terrorist-org.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Iraq_
9. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
