### [2002-11-11](/news/2002/11/11/index.md)

# A three-day general strike begins in Nepal. According to "Outlook India", "the capital Kathmandu virtually came to a standstill&nbsp;... Maoists have called the strike to oppose the King's appointment of Lokendra Bahadur Chand... as prime minister after dismissing the government of Sher Bahadur Deuba." Also, 30 Maoist guerrillas were killed in a renewed assault on the revolutionary forces the country's government is currently fighting against. See also politics of Nepal.




### Related:

1. [ The leader of the Maoist guerrillas in Nepal issued a statement that his group, the People's Liberation Army, will resume its war with the monarchy after a four-month truce. ](/news/2006/01/2/the-leader-of-the-maoist-guerrillas-in-nepal-issued-a-statement-that-his-group-the-people-s-liberation-army-will-resume-its-war-with-the.md) _Context: Maoist, Nepal, guerillas_
2. [April 2015 Nepal earthquake. A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/april-2015-nepal-earthquake-a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pok.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
3. [Turkish Airlines Flight TK726, landing in dense fog in the Nepalese capital Kathmandu, skids off a slippery runway, however, there are no serious injuries. ](/news/2015/03/4/turkish-airlines-flight-tk726-landing-in-dense-fog-in-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-skids-off-a-slippery-runway-however-there-are-no-se.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
4. [A general strike in Nepal against next week's election shuts down schools, markets and industries. ](/news/2013/11/11/a-general-strike-in-nepal-against-next-week-s-election-shuts-down-schools-markets-and-industries.md) _Context: Nepal, general strike_
5. [A Dornier Do 228 light aircraft operated by Sita Air crashes on the outskirts of the Nepalese capital of Kathmandu, killing all 16 passengers and three crew on board. ](/news/2012/09/28/a-dornier-do-228-light-aircraft-operated-by-sita-air-crashes-on-the-outskirts-of-the-nepalese-capital-of-kathmandu-killing-all-16-passenger.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
6. [Thousands rally in Kathmandu and other cities against the six-day shut down of public transport, businesses and schools across Nepal by millions of the country's poor. ](/news/2010/05/7/thousands-rally-in-kathmandu-and-other-cities-against-the-six-day-shut-down-of-public-transport-businesses-and-schools-across-nepal-by-mill.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
7. [At least 150,000 people gather in Kathmandu to support Maoists who want the Prime Minister to resign; a general strike is called for on Sunday, May 2. ](/news/2010/05/1/at-least-150-000-people-gather-in-kathmandu-to-support-maoists-who-want-the-prime-minister-to-resign-a-general-strike-is-called-for-on-sund.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Maoist_
8. [Death of Girija Prasad Koirala:. Former Prime Minister and Acting Head of State of Nepal Girija Prasad Koirala, "the elder statesman of South Asia" who brought down the King, dies in Kathmandu at the age of 86. ](/news/2010/03/20/death-of-girija-prasad-koirala-former-prime-minister-and-acting-head-of-state-of-nepal-girija-prasad-koirala-the-elder-statesman-of-sout.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
9. [Ten Tibetans arrested after crossing into Nepal are handed over to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Kathmandu, reversing an earlier decision to deport them back to China. ](/news/2010/01/18/ten-tibetans-arrested-after-crossing-into-nepal-are-handed-over-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-in-kathmandu-reversing.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
10. [ Three people die and two others are injured when a bomb suspected to have come from Nepal's civil war explodes in Chitwan, southwest of Kathmandu. ](/news/2009/12/28/three-people-die-and-two-others-are-injured-when-a-bomb-suspected-to-have-come-from-nepal-s-civil-war-explodes-in-chitwan-southwest-of-kat.md) _Context: Kathmandu, Nepal_
