### [2017-09-23](/news/2017/09/23/index.md)

# Voters in New Zealand go to the polls, electing all members of their House of Representatives and the consequent Prime Minister. Opinion polling predicts that the long-incumbent National Party, led by Bill English since December 2016, will face its strongest challenge in years, as support for the Labour Party has surged since Jacinda Ardern became party leader seven weeks ago. 

Jacinda Ardern’s revitalised Labour party is looking to upset prime minister Bill English’s plans for a fourth term for National


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/sep/23/new-zealand-election-voting-begins-jacinda-ardern-bill-english)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/23f6d918f95b27feb6c1874755bad71cc4e51ca6/0_46_3500_2099/master/3500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=33c1d129f558b6d680eb3448f420af7f)

### Related:

1. [The Labour Party, led by Jacinda Ardern, surges in the polls and is neck-and-neck with the National Party, led by Bill English, for the race for Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2017/09/1/the-labour-party-led-by-jacinda-ardern-surges-in-the-polls-and-is-neck-and-neck-with-the-national-party-led-by-bill-english-for-the-race.md) _Context: Bill English, Jacinda Ardern, New Zealand, New Zealand general election, 2017, Prime Minister_
2. [ Jacinda Ardern is elected the new leader of the Labour Party, after Andrew Little resigns on the back of poor opinion poll performance ahead of the 23 September election. ](/news/2017/08/1/jacinda-ardern-is-elected-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after-andrew-little-resigns-on-the-back-of-poor-opinion-poll-performance-ahea.md) _Context: Jacinda Ardern, Labour Party, New Zealand general election, 2017, Opinion polling_
3. [Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-majority-of-members-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-to.md) _Context: Bill English, National Party, Prime Minister, since December 2016_
4. [Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. ](/news/2016/12/12/bill-english-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-and-is-now-the-country-s-prime-minister-paula-bennett-is-elected-as.md) _Context: Bill English, National Party, Prime Minister, since December 2016_
5. [ New Zealand's Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark is set to form a third-term government after the National Party loses a seat following the count of 'special' votes. She begins talks with minor party leaders to form a coalition government as well obtain the support of enough minor parties to have a majority on supply and confidence issues. ](/news/2005/10/1/new-zealand-s-labour-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-set-to-form-a-third-term-government-after-the-national-party-loses-a-seat-following-the.md) _Context: Labour Party, National Party, New Zealand_
6. [ In the New Zealand general election, the Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Helen Clark, seems best placed to form a new government. Although the opposition National Party of Dr. Don Brash makes the greatest gains, these are mainly at the expense of minor parties. All the existing minor parties lose seats, with only the new Maori Party making gains. ([http://www.electionresults.govt.nz/partystatus.html Elections New Zealand])](/news/2005/09/17/in-the-new-zealand-general-election-the-labour-party-led-by-prime-minister-helen-clark-seems-best-placed-to-form-a-new-government-altho.md) _Context: Labour Party, National Party, Prime Minister_
7. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: National Party, Prime Minister_
8. [John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces that the 2014 New Zealand election will be held on 20 September 2014. ](/news/2014/03/10/john-key-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-announces-that-the-2014-new-zealand-election-will-be-held-on-20-september-2014.md) _Context: New Zealand, Prime Minister_
9. [ New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key says he believes Fiji's self-appointed Prime Minister Commodore Frank Bainimarama has given up on the Pacific Islands Forum. ](/news/2009/08/6/new-zealandas-prime-minister-john-key-says-he-believes-fijias-self-appointed-prime-minister-commodore-frank-bainimarama-has-given-up-on.md) _Context: New Zealand, Prime Minister_
10. [ A coalition consisting of the National Party, ACT and United Future wins a majority of seats in the Parliament of New Zealand, ending nine years of Labour Party-led rule. ](/news/2008/11/8/a-coalition-consisting-of-the-national-party-act-and-united-future-wins-a-majority-of-seats-in-the-parliament-of-new-zealand-ending-nine.md) _Context: Labour Party, National Party_
