### [2011-05-14](/news/2011/05/14/index.md)

# A supporter of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning sues the U.S. government after it confiscates his laptop without a warrant. 

A supporter of accused leaker Bradley Manning is suing the U.S. government for confiscating his laptop without a warrant during airport screening.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2011/05/14/Manning-backer-sues-over-laptop-search/UPI-82941305388210/#ixzz1MPYZGbNF)

### Related:

1. [A British government diplomat calls the United States Department of State to draw "attention to our concerns over Bradley Manning", the Welsh-born U.S. serviceman imprisoned by the U.S. military in solitary confinement and forced to sleep naked, conditions condemned by Amnesty International, the American Civil Liberties Union and British MPs among others. ](/news/2011/04/7/a-british-government-diplomat-calls-the-united-states-department-of-state-to-draw-attention-to-our-concerns-over-bradley-manning-the-wels.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
2. [Daniel Ellsberg, the man who released the Pentagon Papers, says U.S. president Barack Obama has "given a virtual directed verdict" of guilty in the case of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/27/daniel-ellsberg-the-man-who-released-the-pentagon-papers-says-u-s-president-barack-obama-has-given-a-virtual-directed-verdict-of-guilty.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
3. [U.S. president Barack Obama is criticised by supporters of imprisoned Welsh-born U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for interfering in any  future trial after Obama is caught on camera accusing Manning of breaking the law. ](/news/2011/04/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-is-criticised-by-supporters-of-imprisoned-welsh-born-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-interfering-in-any-fut.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
4. [Demonstrations against the treatment of Bradley Manning:A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. ](/news/2011/03/20/demonstrations-against-the-treatment-of-bradley-manning-pa-protest-against-the-alleged-appalling-treatment-by-the-united-states-of-bradley.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, Wales_
5. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: Wales_
6. [The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  ](/news/2017/01/31/the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-england-and-wales-th.md) _Context: Wales_
7. [A retrial court finds Welsh footballer Ched Evans not guilty. He had previously been sentenced to five years imprisonment for rape in 2012. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-retrial-court-finds-welsh-footballer-ched-evans-not-guilty-he-had-previously-been-sentenced-to-five-years-imprisonment-for-rape-in-2012.md) _Context: Wales_
8. [ A bus from Wales carrying 50 people, including 41 teenagers, tips over in eastern France, injuring 13, two seriously. ](/news/2016/07/23/a-bus-from-wales-carrying-50-people-including-41-teenagers-tips-over-in-eastern-france-injuring-13-two-seriously.md) _Context: Wales_
9. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: Wales_
10. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: Wales_
