### [2011-05-14](/news/2011/05/14/index.md)

# Gunmen kill a United Nations driver in Ethiopia's Ogaden region. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20110514/wl_nm/us_ethiopia_un_attack)

### Related:

1. [Rebels in the ethnically Somali Ogaden region of Ethiopia say they have seized a town from government troops and freed two United Nations workers. ](/news/2011/05/26/rebels-in-the-ethnically-somali-ogaden-region-of-ethiopia-say-they-have-seized-a-town-from-government-troops-and-freed-two-united-nations-wo.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Ogaden, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations accuses Eritrea of attempting to bomb an African Union summit in Ethiopia. ](/news/2011/07/28/the-united-nations-accuses-eritrea-of-attempting-to-bomb-an-african-union-summit-in-ethiopia.md) _Context: Ethiopia, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations reports the worst drought in six decades is affecting more than 10 million people and forced people in Somalia to flee to Kenya and Ethiopia as they starve to death. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-united-nations-reports-the-worst-drought-in-six-decades-is-affecting-more-than-10-million-people-and-forced-people-in-somalia-to-flee-to.md) _Context: Ethiopia, United Nations_
4. [ The Ogaden National Liberation Front declares a unilateral ceasefire so that a United Nations team can investigate claims of human rights abuses by the Ethiopian government. ](/news/2007/09/2/the-ogaden-national-liberation-front-declares-a-unilateral-ceasefire-so-that-a-united-nations-team-can-investigate-claims-of-human-rights-a.md) _Context: Ethiopia, United Nations_
5. [ Ethiopia will deploy 5,000 troops as part of a joint United Nations - African Union mission in the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/13/ethiopia-will-deploy-5-000-troops-as-part-of-a-joint-united-nations-african-union-mission-in-the-darfur-region-of-sudan.md) _Context: Ethiopia, United Nations_
6. [ 2007 Ogaden conflict: International aid agency Medecins Sans Frontieres has accused Ethiopia of denying it access to the country's eastern Ogaden region.](/news/2007/09/1/2007-ogaden-conflict-international-aid-agency-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-has-accused-ethiopia-of-denying-it-access-to-the-country-s-easter.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Ogaden_
7. [ The United Nations hold high-level talks in Ethiopia to find new ways for solving the crisis in the war-torn Sudanese region of Darfur. ](/news/2006/11/16/the-united-nations-hold-high-level-talks-in-ethiopia-to-find-new-ways-for-solving-the-crisis-in-the-war-torn-sudanese-region-of-darfur.md) _Context: Ethiopia, United Nations_
8. [ 67 die and about 300,000 people are affected by floods in Ethiopia's Somali Region of Ogaden after the Shabelle River bursts its banks. ](/news/2006/11/1/67-die-and-about-300-000-people-are-affected-by-floods-in-ethiopia-s-somali-region-of-ogaden-after-the-shabelle-river-bursts-its-banks.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Ogaden_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
