### [2011-05-14](/news/2011/05/14/index.md)

# Musician Bob Dylan responds on his website to allegations he gave in to censorship during a recent series of concerts in China, including criticism from "The New York Times" over his failure to mention the plight of imprisoned artist and dissident Ai Weiwei. 

Legendary folk-rock singer Bob Dylan insists he was not censored by Chinese authorities ahead of concerts he performed there earlier this year.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13398652)

### Related:

1. [Chinese artist Ai Weiwei's wife says he is to challenge a bill of more than 12 million yuan in unpaid taxes and fines which the Chinese government, of which he is a critic, has charged him with. ](/news/2011/06/29/chinese-artist-ai-weiwei-s-wife-says-he-is-to-challenge-a-bill-of-more-than-12-million-yuan-in-unpaid-taxes-and-fines-which-the-chinese-gove.md) _Context: Ai Weiwei, China_
2. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: The New York Times_
3. [The Swedish Academy announces that American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has agreed to accept his Nobel Prize in Literature this weekend at a private location in Stockholm. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-swedish-academy-announces-that-american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-has-agreed-to-accept-his-nobel-prize-in-literature-this-weekend-at-a.md) _Context: Bob Dylan_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: The New York Times_
5. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of "The New York Times", and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/philippine-drug-war-the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-co.md) _Context: The New York Times_
6. [Patti Smith performs in place of Bob Dylan in the Nobel Prize for Literature ceremony. ](/news/2016/12/11/patti-smith-performs-in-place-of-bob-dylan-in-the-nobel-prize-for-literature-ceremony.md) _Context: Bob Dylan_
7. [Per Wastberg, a member of the Swedish Academy, says that songwriter and artist Bob Dylan has not yet indicated whether he intends to accept the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2016/10/21/per-wa-stberg-a-member-of-the-swedish-academy-says-that-songwriter-and-artist-bob-dylan-has-not-yet-indicated-whether-he-intends-to-accept.md) _Context: Bob Dylan_
8. [American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2016/10/13/american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-wins-the-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Bob Dylan_
9. ["The New York Times" reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that-t.md) _Context: The New York Times_
10. [America's largest seven-day newspaper, "The New York Times", breaking with the tradition that front pages belong to the news department, publishes Saturday morning's edition with the first front page editorial since 1920. The editorial calls for tighter gun control laws after the shootings in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and San Bernardino, California, over the past eight days. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/05/us/gun-debate-yields-page-1-editorial.html?_r=0 "(The New York Times)"], [https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/12/05/the-new-york-times-has-rare-front-page-editorial-calling-u-s-gun-laws-a-national-disgrace/ ("The Washington Post")], [http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/dec/05/gun-control-new-york-times-ront-page-editorial-first-time-since-1920-san-bernardino "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2015/12/5/america-s-largest-seven-day-newspaper-the-new-york-times-breaking-with-the-tradition-that-front-pages-belong-to-the-news-department-pub.md) _Context: The New York Times_
