### [2011-05-14](/news/2011/05/14/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama uses his weekly address to vow to seek oil in Alaska and in the Gulf of Mexico. 

The US will grant new leases to drill for oil in Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico to try to boost output and cap fuel prices, President Obama says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-13399360)

### Related:

1. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, vetoes a bill approving the TransCanada Keystone XL pipeline between Canadian oil sands and refineries on the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/02/24/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-vetoes-a-bill-approving-the-transcanada-keystone-xl-pipeline-between-canadian-oil-sands-an.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Gulf of Mexico, President of the United States_
2. [Gulf of Mexico oil disaster:U.S. President Barack Obama announces that  BP will finance a $20 billion fund to compensate people whose livelihoods have been damaged by the devastating oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, and the company's chairman apologized for the worst spill in U.S. history. ](/news/2010/06/16/gulf-of-mexico-oil-disaster-pu-s-president-barack-obama-announces-that-bp-will-finance-a-20-billion-fund-to-compensate-people-whose-livel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Gulf of Mexico, President of the United States_
3. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
7. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
8. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
10. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
