### [2011-05-14](/news/2011/05/14/index.md)

# The US Justice Department says that two South Florida imams and a third family member were arrested on charges of providing support to the Pakistani Taliban. 

Two South Florida imams and a third family member were arrested Saturday on charges of providing support to the Pakistani Taliban, the Justice Department said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/05/14/pakistani.taliban/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Taliban, United States Department of Justice_
2. [ Judge Robert E. Jones of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon sentenced Ahmed Bilal to 10 years in prison, his brother Muhammad Bilal to eight years in prison, and Mike Hawash to seven years in prison. The three are the last of the Portland Seven to be sentenced; the group of Muslim men from the Portland, Oregon area were convicted of attempting to enter Afghanistan to join the Taliban&nbsp;- are sentenced to prison. The Bilal brothers had pled guilty to conspiracy to aid the Taliban and to federal weapons charges on September 18, 2003, and Hawash has pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges on August 6. The three has entered into a plea agreement with the Justice Department and has cooperated with the government in its investigation.](/news/2004/02/9/judge-robert-e-jones-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-oregon-sentenced-ahmed-bilal-to-10-years-in-prison-his-broth.md) _Context: Taliban, United States Department of Justice_
3. [ Florida is set to begin paying $1.6 million in fees to pilot/database guru and alleged former drug smuggler turned government informant Hank Asher in payment for his MATRIX system, a rapidly searchable database combining existing police records and several large commercially available computer databases. Civil libertarians are outraged at the system, claiming it is Orwellian and reminiscent of the Federal Total Information Awareness program. The United States Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security are providing funds to expand Matrix coverage to the entire country.](/news/2003/08/6/florida-is-set-to-begin-paying-1-6-million-in-fees-to-pilot-database-guru-and-alleged-former-drug-smuggler-turned-government-informant-han.md) _Context: Florida, United States Department of Justice_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
6. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
7. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Florida as a category 4 hurricane, killing at least three people and knocking out power to over one million households. ](/news/2017/09/10/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-florida-as-a-category-4-hurricane-killing-at-least-three-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-over-one-million.md) _Context: Florida_
8. [At least 11 Afghan civilians are killed and 16 wounded when a NATO helicopter attacked a house where Taliban insurgents had taken shelter in Logar Province, east of Kabul. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-11-afghan-civilians-are-killed-and-16-wounded-when-a-nato-helicopter-attacked-a-house-where-taliban-insurgents-had-taken-shelter-in.md) _Context: Taliban_
9. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. The Taliban claims their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-the-taliban-cl.md) _Context: Taliban_
10. [The U.S. Justice Department announces internally that it is to start investigating colleges which have admissions policies that are seen as unfair to Asian Americans. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-internally-that-it-is-to-start-investigating-colleges-which-have-admissions-policies-that-are-seen-as.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
