### [2017-05-4](/news/2017/05/4/index.md)

# The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. 

Rome -- The Vatican establishes full relations with Myanmar for the first time after a cordial meeting May 4 between Francis and Aung San Suu Kyi.


### Source:

1. [National Catholic Reporter](https://www.ncronline.org/news/vatican/vatican-myanmar-establish-full-relations-after-francis-suu-kyi-meeting-thursday)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
2. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
3. [Burmese State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi asks U.S. businesses to invest in Myanmar after Barack Obama agrees to lift U.S. sanctions. ](/news/2016/09/15/burmese-state-counsellor-aung-san-suu-kyi-asks-u-s-businesses-to-invest-in-myanmar-after-barack-obama-agrees-to-lift-u-s-sanctions.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
4. [Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi holds historic peace talks to end decades of ethnic conflict in the country. ](/news/2016/08/31/myanmar-s-aung-san-suu-kyi-holds-historic-peace-talks-to-end-decades-of-ethnic-conflict-in-the-country.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
5. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
6. [A Myanmar court releases 69 jailed student activists in the first wave of amnesty for the country's political prisoners, with more releases expected. This comes after State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi vowed to push for the release of all the political prisoners in Myanmar. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-myanmar-court-releases-69-jailed-student-activists-in-the-first-wave-of-amnesty-for-the-country-s-political-prisoners-with-more-releases.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
7. [Aung San Suu Kyi, now the State Counsellor of Myanmar, says she will press for the release of political prisoners and student activists in the country, hinting that a mass amnesty may be imminent, a week after her government took power. ](/news/2016/04/7/aung-san-suu-kyi-now-the-state-counsellor-of-myanmar-says-she-will-press-for-the-release-of-political-prisoners-and-student-activists-in-t.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
8. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-hti.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
9. [Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. ](/news/2016/03/24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-and-17-other-nominees-to-positions-in-the-incoming-government-s-ca.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
10. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Holy See, Pope Francis_
