### [2014-08-11](/news/2014/08/11/index.md)

# Five artillery shells fired by Ukrainian government forces hit a high-security prison in outskirts of Donetsk, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escape; the shelling also resulted in the death of one prisoner and the injury of five other prisoners and two guards. 

Artillery shells hit a prison in rebel-held Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escape.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28740012)
2. [State Penitentiary Service of Ukraine](http://www.kvs.gov.ua/peniten/control/main/uk/publish/article/737533)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/76866000/jpg/_76866106_donetskholeap.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Donetsk, Kiev_
2. [A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused-by-a-missile-th.md) _Context: Donetsk, Kiev_
3. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk_
4. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk_
5. [A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces-arseny-pavlov.md) _Context: Donetsk_
6. [Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-controlled-mariupol.md) _Context: Donetsk_
7. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Kiev_
8. [Russia's Finance Ministry sues Ukraine in London's High Court of Justice over a $3 billion debt. Payment was due December 21, 2015. Negotiations between Kiev and Moscow have not reached an agreement. Over the last 6 months Ukrainian government officials repeatedly stated they refuse to pay the debt. ](/news/2016/02/17/russia-s-finance-ministry-sues-ukraine-in-london-s-high-court-of-justice-over-a-3-billion-debt-payment-was-due-december-21-2015-negotiat.md) _Context: Kiev_
9. [NATO leadership signs an agreement with the Ukrainian government to assist the country's modernization of its defense industry and capabilities. ](/news/2015/12/16/nato-leadership-signs-an-agreement-with-the-ukrainian-government-to-assist-the-country-s-modernization-of-its-defense-industry-and-capabilit.md) _Context: Kiev_
10. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Kiev_
