### [2014-08-11](/news/2014/08/11/index.md)

# War in Donbass:Five artillery shells fired by Ukrainian government forces hit a high-security prison in outskirts of Donetsk, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escape; the shelling also resulted in the death of one prisoner and the injury of five other prisoners and two guards.  

Artillery shells hit a prison in rebel-held Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escape.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28740012)
2. [State Penitentiary Service of Ukraine](http://www.kvs.gov.ua/peniten/control/main/uk/publish/article/737533)

### Related:

1. [Fighting intensifies near the ceasefire line in eastern Ukraine with both the Government of Ukraine and the rebels blaming each other. The separatist-held cities of Donetsk and Horlivka have been bombed with hundreds of shells and rockets in the last 72 hours. ](/news/2015/08/18/fighting-intensifies-near-the-ceasefire-line-in-eastern-ukraine-with-both-the-government-of-ukraine-and-the-rebels-blaming-each-other-the-s.md) _Context: Donetsk, Kiev, War in Donbass_
2. [A huge explosion occurs in a rubber factory in the rebel held city of Donetsk with the Russian media claiming it was caused by a missile. The Government of Ukraine denies the charges. ](/news/2014/10/20/a-huge-explosion-occurs-in-a-rubber-factory-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-with-the-russian-media-claiming-it-was-caused-by-a-missile-th.md) _Context: Donetsk, Kiev, War in Donbass_
3. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
4. [A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces-arseny-pavlov.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
5. [Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-controlled-mariupol.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
6. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Kiev, War in Donbass_
7. [Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet-era-policies.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
8. [Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk-region-in-easter.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
9. [A shell hits a hospital in the rebel-held city of Donetsk killing at least three people with many injured. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-shell-hits-a-hospital-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-donetsk-killing-at-least-three-people-with-many-injured.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
10. [Artillery shelling of Donetsk leaves at least one civilian dead while five Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in heavy fighting. ](/news/2015/02/2/artillery-shelling-of-donetsk-leaves-at-least-one-civilian-dead-while-five-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-heavy-fighting.md) _Context: Donetsk, War in Donbass_
