### [2015-02-17](/news/2015/02/17/index.md)

# North Korea says that it will respond "very strongly" to a conference held in Washington, D.C. about human rights abuses. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a8340b6547ae49cc95dbc622e3aeb8cd/north-korea-threatens-strong-response-dc-rights-meeting)

### Related:

1. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, Washington, D.C._
2. [North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-officials-this-occurred-while-world-leaders-are-a.md) _Context: North Korea, Washington, D.C._
3. [More than 50 heads of state as well as representatives from international organizations attend the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., with the notable exception of Russia, which declined to attend. The main agenda of the two-day gathering is the discussion of North Korea and the threat it poses with its nuclear weapons and the possibility of ISIS extremists getting a nuclear weapon. ](/news/2016/03/31/more-than-50-heads-of-state-as-well-as-representatives-from-international-organizations-attend-the-annual-nuclear-security-summit-in-washing.md) _Context: North Korea, Washington, D.C._
4. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
5. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
6. [China says that United States plans to bolster missile defences in response to provocations by North Korea would only intensify antagonism, and urges Washington to act prudently. ](/news/2013/03/18/china-says-that-united-states-plans-to-bolster-missile-defences-in-response-to-provocations-by-north-korea-would-only-intensify-antagonism.md) _Context: North Korea, Washington, D.C._
7. [Officials from the United States, South Korea and Japan are to meet in Washington, D.C., to discuss North Korea. ](/news/2010/11/30/officials-from-the-united-states-south-korea-and-japan-are-to-meet-in-washington-d-c-to-discuss-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, Washington, D.C._
8. [ North Korea revises its constitution, removing all references to communism, while mentioning human rights for the first time, as well as stating Kim Jong-il as its "Supreme Leader". ](/news/2009/09/28/north-korea-revises-its-constitution-removing-all-references-to-communism-while-mentioning-human-rights-for-the-first-time-as-well-as-st.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
9. [ North Korea draws nearer to a compromise in a nuclear deal that would prompt Washington to remove it from a list of State Sponsors of Terrorism. ](/news/2008/10/10/north-korea-draws-nearer-to-a-compromise-in-a-nuclear-deal-that-would-prompt-washington-to-remove-it-from-a-list-of-state-sponsors-of-terro.md) _Context: North Korea, Washington, D.C._
10. [ The South Korean government decides to vote for a resolution on North Korean human rights violations in the United Nations Human Rights Council. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-south-korean-government-decides-to-vote-for-a-resolution-on-north-korean-human-rights-violations-in-the-united-nations-human-rights-cou.md) _Context: Human rights, North Korea_
