### [2015-02-17](/news/2015/02/17/index.md)

# The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/34d8baf5ddf34ba7bbd983dc92a026cc/ukraine-army-rebels-miss-deadline-start-weapons-pullback)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/18/world/europe/battle-for-debaltseve-despite-ukraine-cease-fire.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his ''nom de guerre'' "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-makiivka-d.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Ukrainian President, War in Donbass_
3. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, War in Donbass_
4. [A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces-arseny-pavlov.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
5. [The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe warns that the situation in Eastern Ukraine is worsening. Chief monitor for Ukraine Ertugrul Apakan says that "during the past weeks, the OSCE has registered the highest number of cease-fire violations in months" and warned that artillery and mortars banned under Minsk II "are being used again in increased numbers." ](/news/2016/04/28/the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-warns-that-the-situation-in-eastern-ukraine-is-worsening-chief-monitor-for-ukraine.md) _Context: Minsk II, War in Donbass_
6. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
7. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
8. [The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the-country-during.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, War in Donbass_
9. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: European Union, NATO_
10. [The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says-it-s-extending.md) _Context: European Union, War in Donbass_
