### [2010-08-28](/news/2010/08/28/index.md)

# Rwanda threatens to limit cooperation with the United Nations after a report accused the country of war crimes in neighbouring Democratic Republic of the Congo. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iWOvklHKkIEPZk7DscKLx7ni8MZg)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations publishes a toned down version of its report into war crimes said to have occurred in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1990s after Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi rejected the report's findings. ](/news/2010/10/1/the-united-nations-publishes-a-toned-down-version-of-its-report-into-war-crimes-said-to-have-occurred-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-cong.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, United Nations, war crime_
2. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo wants United Nations sanctions on Rwandese top military officials named in a June U.N. report as supporting the M23 rebels in the current east Congo conflict. ](/news/2012/09/3/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-wants-united-nations-sanctions-on-rwandese-top-military-officials-named-in-a-june-u-n-report-as-suppor.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, United Nations_
3. [Rwanda withdraws a threat to remove its peacekeepers from Darfur after a United Nations report accused the Rwandan army of genocide in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2010/09/27/rwanda-withdraws-a-threat-to-remove-its-peacekeepers-from-darfur-after-a-united-nations-report-accused-the-rwandan-army-of-genocide-in-the-d.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, United Nations_
4. [A draft United Nations report says crimes by the Rwandan army and allied rebels in Democratic Republic of the Congo during the Second Congo War could be classified as genocide. ](/news/2010/08/27/a-draft-united-nations-report-says-crimes-by-the-rwandan-army-and-allied-rebels-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-during-the-second-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, United Nations_
5. [Rwandan troops are spotted by UN personnel in eastern Congo where Congolese officials say the troops are attacking and burning villages. The last invasion started the Congo Civil War, which resulted in the deaths of 3-4 million people. ](/news/2004/12/1/rwandan-troops-are-spotted-by-un-personnel-in-eastern-congo-where-congolese-officials-say-the-troops-are-attacking-and-burning-villages-the.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, United Nations_
6. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-aroun.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, United Nations_
7. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
8. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
9. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: United Nations, war crime_
10. [A United Nations report finds evidence that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes during the 2014 conflict. ](/news/2015/06/22/a-united-nations-report-finds-evidence-that-both-hamas-and-israel-committed-war-crimes-during-the-2014-conflict.md) _Context: United Nations, war crime_
