### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

# A Hindu man is hacked to death in Tangail district. He is alleged to have made comments against Prophet Muhammad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bangladesh-attacks-idUSKCN0XR0F1)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/bangladesh-hindu-man-hacked-to-death-in-latest-such-attack/2016/04/30/7b5fe53c-0ec6-11e6-bc53-db634ca94a2a_story.html)

### Related:

1. [ A homeopathic doctor is hacked to death in Bangladesh. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/21/a-homeopathic-doctor-is-hacked-to-death-in-bangladesh-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim-responsibility.md) _Context: Attacks on secularists in Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Xulhaz Mannan, a Bangladeshi employee of a U.S. charity (USAID), who is also an editor for the country's only LGBT magazine, and a friend are hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, by suspected Islamist militants. Guards at the building were also injured. ](/news/2016/04/25/xulhaz-mannan-a-bangladeshi-employee-of-a-u-s-charity-usaid-who-is-also-an-editor-for-the-country-s-only-lgbt-magazine-and-a-friend-ar.md) _Context: Attacks on secularists in Bangladesh, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km-of-territory-near-the-lebanonasyria-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-killing-at-least-12-peopl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
