### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

# According to the United States Department of Defense, an airstrike that hit a hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan, last October did not amount to a war crime because the airstrike was "unintentional" and that those involved would face suspension but not criminal charges. In response to the briefing, a president of the organization which operated the hospital described it as "an admission of an uncontrolled military operation in a densely populated urban area, during which US forces failed to follow the basic laws of war." 

The Pentagon says the bombing of an Afghan hospital that left 42 dead was not a war crime, confirming that 16 US troops will face disciplinary action.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36174047)

### Related:

1. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres  (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital  where at least 30 were killed.  Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged  with the Taliban, requested the attacks. ''The Washington Post'' reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives.  According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had  been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doc.md) _Context: Defense Department, Kunduz hospital airstrike, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
2. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghan, Medecins Sans Frontieres, war crime_
3. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city.  ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Afghan, Medecins Sans Frontieres, war crime_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Afghanistan's acting defense minister has stated that the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital in Kunduz bombed on 3 October by U.S. forces was being used as a safe haven by insurgents. MSF has repeatedly denied the allegation, stating "Every staff member in Kunduz working for MSF has repeatedly reported to us that there were no armed people in the hospital at the time of the bombing". ](/news/2015/10/19/war-in-afghanistan-2015apresent-afghanistanas-acting-defense-minister-has-stated-that-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-hospital-in-kund.md) _Context: Afghan, Kunduz hospital airstrike, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
5. [The U.S. military disciplines more than a dozen personnel for mistakes that led to the bombing of a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital that killed 42 people in Afghanistan last October. No criminal charges are pending. The partially redacted investigation report is  expected to be made public shortly. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-u-s-military-disciplines-more-than-a-dozen-personnel-for-mistakes-that-led-to-the-bombing-of-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-with.md) _Context: Afghan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
6. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan  reports 289 civilians were killed  (''301 with MSF update'')  and 559  injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in.md) _Context: Afghan, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
7. [Several American personnel are suspended after an official report finds that human error was to blame for an airstrike on a Doctors without Borders hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz in October that killed 30 people. No criminal charges were filed. ](/news/2015/11/25/several-american-personnel-are-suspended-after-an-official-report-finds-that-human-error-was-to-blame-for-an-airstrike-on-a-doctors-without.md) _Context: Afghan, Kunduz hospital airstrike_
8. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
9. [The U.S. Department of Defense will make payments to families of victims of last week's  U.S. airstrike that struck a Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz. At least 22 people were killed including 12 staff members and 10 patients, including three children. MSF says 33 people are still missing and presumed to have died in the fire. ](/news/2015/10/10/the-u-s-department-of-defense-will-make-payments-to-families-of-victims-of-last-week-s-u-s-airstrike-that-struck-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia.md) _Context: Defense Department, Medecins Sans Frontieres_
10. [Philip Alston, the international law scholar who recently stepped down as the United Nations's senior official on extrajudicial killings, calls for the UN to investigate war crimes in Afghanistan and to convict those responsible. ](/news/2010/09/26/philip-alston-the-international-law-scholar-who-recently-stepped-down-as-the-united-nations-s-senior-official-on-extrajudicial-killings-ca.md) _Context: Afghan, war crime_
