### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

# Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. 

Egypt put on trial 237 activists arrested for protesting against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, judicial sources said on Saturday, the first court cases after demonstrations this month.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-egypt-protests-trial-idUSKCN0XR0KJ)
1. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160430&t=2&i=1135230069&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC3T0FI)

### Related:

1. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President, Saudi Arabia_
2. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President_
4. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt, Egyptian President_
5. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
7. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
8. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
9. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the-2013-military-overthrow-of-president-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President_
