### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

#  Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. 

Protesters loyal to a Shiite cleric breached Baghdad&#x27;s Green Zone Saturday, home to government buildings and foreign embassies.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/iraq-turmoil/cleric-al-sadr-supporters-storm-baghdad-s-green-zone-reports-n565266)
2. [The News Hub](https://www.the-newshub.com/international/iraq-declares-state-of-emergency-due-to-shia-protests-in-the-baghdad)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/protesters-storm-iraqi-parliament-in-baghdad/2016/04/30/0862fd3a-0ec1-11e6-8ab8-9ad050f76d7d_story.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://media3.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2016_17/1518476/160430-iraq-green-zone-mn-1400_11d81f94d1df20fda6548383790f14f4.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: 2015-16 Iraqi protests, Baghdad, Green Zone, Iraq_
2. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shiite_
3. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
4. [ At least four are killed and 90 injured among protesters who stormed the Green Zone in Baghdad. ](/news/2016/05/21/at-least-four-are-killed-and-90-injured-among-protesters-who-stormed-the-green-zone-in-baghdad.md) _Context: 2015-16 Iraqi protests, Baghdad, Green Zone_
5. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite_
6. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: 2015-16 Iraqi protests, Baghdad, Green Zone_
7. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
8. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
9. [ Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr claims that he is developing a new force to fight United States forces in Iraq. ](/news/2008/06/15/shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-claims-that-he-is-developing-a-new-force-to-fight-united-states-forces-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shiite_
10. [ Ten thousand Iraqi troops enter Sadr City in Baghdad to seize control from Shiite militants. ](/news/2008/05/20/ten-thousand-iraqi-troops-enter-sadr-city-in-baghdad-to-seize-control-from-shiite-militants.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite_
