### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016. The influential Christian sect Iglesia ni Cristo endorses Grace Poe for president and Bongbong Marcos for vice president. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/782467/bongbong-marcos-jumps-gun-on-inc)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-presi.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos pays -36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-pays-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
4. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitio.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Rodrigo Duterte continues to lead in the presidential race, while Leni Robredo leads Bongbong Marcos by a small margin in the vice presidential race. ](/news/2016/05/10/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-continues-to-lead-in-the-presidential-race-while-leni-robredo-leads-bongbong-marcos.md) _Context: Bongbong Marcos, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Supreme Court of the Philippines, in a 9-6 ruling, reverses the Commission on Elections order that had disqualified Senator Grace Poe from running in the May 9, 2016, presidential election. The petitioners plan to file a motion for reconsideration. ](/news/2016/03/8/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-in-a-9-6-ruling-reverses-the-commission-on-elections-order-th.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
7. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. ](/news/2016/02/9/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-campaign-period-for-the-election-begins-in-what-international-media-dubs-as-a-cliffhanger-betw.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
8. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-riv.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
9. [Philippine general election, 2016. Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
10. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Philippine peso fell 0.3% continuing its drop three weeks in a row. ](/news/2016/05/5/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-peso-fell-0-3-continuing-its-drop-three-weeks-in-a-row.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
