### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

# Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. 

Riot police use pepper spray to disperse activists blocking entrance to Alternative für Deutschland conference in Stuttgart


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/30/german-police-arrest-400-protesters-outside-far-right-party-meeting)

### Related:

1. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016: Voters in the federal German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern head to the polls in a regional election to elect members to the Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to gain strongly. ](/news/2016/09/4/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-voters-in-the-federal-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-head-to-the-polls-in-a-regional-el.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
2. [Berlin state election, 2016: Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/berlin-state-election-2016-voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
3. [European migrant crisis: Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/european-migrant-crisis-czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christi.md) _Context: Germany, Police_
4. [Elections in Germany: Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/elections-in-germany-regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
5. [Terrorism in Germany: German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/terrorism-in-germany-german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planni.md) _Context: Germany, Police_
6. [The trial of two Rwandan rebel leaders charged in connection with their part in crimes against humanity and war crimes carried out by their militias in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2008 and 2009, begins in the Stuttgart high court, Germany. ](/news/2011/05/4/the-trial-of-two-rwandan-rebel-leaders-charged-in-connection-with-their-part-in-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-carried-out-by-their.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
7. [At least four people are killed and a police officer seriously wounded in a shooting incident at a hospital in Lorrach, Germany. ](/news/2010/09/19/at-least-four-people-are-killed-and-a-police-officer-seriously-wounded-in-a-shooting-incident-at-a-hospital-in-laprrach-germany.md) _Context: Germany, Police_
8. [ In Germany, 378 people (including 122 England fans) are arrested after a violent confrontation between England supporters and Germany supporters in Stuttgart. Approximately 60,000 England supporters are present in Stuttgart for Sunday's World Cup second round game with Ecuador. ](/news/2006/06/24/in-germany-378-people-including-122-england-fans-are-arrested-after-a-violent-confrontation-between-england-supporters-and-germany-suppo.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
9. [ A man wielding a sword attacks a Tamil church congregation in Stuttgart, Germany, kills a woman and seriously injures three other people. ](/news/2005/04/3/a-man-wielding-a-sword-attacks-a-tamil-church-congregation-in-stuttgart-germany-kills-a-woman-and-seriously-injures-three-other-people.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
10. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Germany_
