### [2016-04-30](/news/2016/04/30/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that twenty air strikes have hit the northern areas of Aleppo. Bombardments by both sides have killed nearly 250 people since April 22. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-aleppo-idUSKCN0XR08B)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/10/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-a-rebel-official-report-that-russian-jets-have-resumed-heavy-bombing-and-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian civil war: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obse.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Manbij offensive (2016): The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/syrian-civil-war-manbij-offensive-2016-the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-ri.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that airstrikes have killed at least seven people in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/04/22/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-airstrikes-have-killed-at-least-seven-people-in-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the Al-Nusra Front as well as other insurgents have captured the village of Tel el-Ais in a strategic position overlooking the highway between Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2016/04/2/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-al-nusra-front-as-well-as-other-insurgents-have-captured-the-villa.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Islamic State fighters take control of a section of road running between the towns of Khanaser and Ithriya, southeast of Aleppo, according to a monitoring group. This threatens the Syrian army's only supply route into the city. ](/news/2015/10/23/syrian-civil-war-islamic-state-fighters-take-control-of-a-section-of-road-running-between-the-towns-of-khanaser-and-ithriya-southeast-of-a.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that at least 70 Syrian Army soldiers and more than 80 insurgents have died in recent fighting around the city of Aleppo. ](/news/2015/02/18/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-at-least-70-syrian-army-soldiers-and-more-than-80-insurgents-have-d.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
