### [2005-08-23](/news/2005/08/23/index.md)

#  Christian religious leader Pat Robertson, a televangelist and former candidate for President of the United States, calls on the U.S. to kill Hugo Chvez, the President of Venezuela.([http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050823/ap_on_re_us/robertson_assassination;_ylt=AnCN8Y8NH11lNpGiEoXCiHes0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3b2NibDltBHNlYwM3MTY- Yahoo! News] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))) [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4177664.stm (BBC)] [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory?id=1062445 (ABC)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ American televangelist and former Presidential candidate, Pat Robertson apologizes for calling for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez. ](/news/2005/08/24/american-televangelist-and-former-presidential-candidate-pat-robertson-apologizes-for-calling-for-the-assassination-of-venezuelan-presiden.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Pat Robertson, assassinated, televangelist_
2. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez opens the 2007 OPEC meeting in Saudi Arabia, warning the United States against attacking Iran. ](/news/2007/11/18/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-opens-the-2007-opec-meeting-in-saudi-arabia-warning-the-united-states-against-attacking-iran.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, President, U.S._
3. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez threatens to take legal action against Pat Robertson and potentially seek his extradition after the U.S. evangelist called for the assassination the South American leader. ](/news/2005/08/28/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-threatens-to-take-legal-action-against-pat-robertson-and-potentially-seek-his-extradition-after-the-u-s-e.md) _Context: Hugo Chvez, Pat Robertson, assassinated_
4. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama  ends the  American arms embargo with Vietnam during his visit in the country.   ](/news/2016/05/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-ends-the-american-arms-embargo-with-vietnam-during-his-visit-in-the-country.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
7. [President Barack Obama says the United States isn't taking North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Su-yong's proposal to halt nuclear activity seriously. Pyongyang  would "have to do better than that," he added. ](/news/2016/04/24/president-barack-obama-says-the-united-states-isn-t-taking-north-korean-foreign-minister-ri-su-yong-s-proposal-to-halt-nuclear-activity-seri.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
8. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
9. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
10. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: U.S., United States President_
