### [2005-08-23](/news/2005/08/23/index.md)

#  Israel completes the unilateral disengagement from all settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank. [http://olympics.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-08-23T153244Z_01_MOL349068_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4177364.stm (BBC)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/616333.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
2. [ Israel begins the Gaza Strip pullout plan. The Kissufim Roadblock was shut down at midnight between August 14 and August 15. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hailed the move as "historic" but said Israel should also pull out of the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/15/israel-begins-the-gaza-strip-pullout-plan-the-kissufim-roadblock-was-shut-down-at-midnight-between-august-14-and-august-15-palestinian-le.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank, unilateral disengagement_
3. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
4. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
5. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
6. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. ](/news/2013/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pisrael-cancels-proposed-plans-to-build-new-settlements-in-the-west-bank-after-us-and-palestinian-opposition.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
8. [More than 150 Israeli academics say they will no longer lecture or work in Jewish settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/1/more-than-150-israeli-academics-say-they-will-no-longer-lecture-or-work-in-jewish-settlements-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
9. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
10. [Israel allegedly confiscates seven oxygen machines en route to hospitals in the West Bank and Gaza as they "came under the category of possible use for non-medical purposes". The Palestinian Ministry of Health asks for the Norwegian Development Agency that donated them to assist in calling for their return. ](/news/2010/06/26/israel-allegedly-confiscates-seven-oxygen-machines-en-route-to-hospitals-in-the-west-bank-and-gaza-as-they-came-under-the-category-of-possi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
