### [2010-11-15](/news/2010/11/15/index.md)

# Iran arrests five human rights lawyers for security-related offences, the latest in a series of arrests of Iranian human rights' activists since last year's disputed presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gsrPC4twuR01MBtlXwGpj9xYj4kQ?docId=CNG.6fd6a816fa2b4286b8457e1c9184f31c.241)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/five-human-rights-lawyers-arrested-in-iranian-crackdown-on-opposition/story-e6frf7jx-1225954081714)
3. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE6AD1KY20101114)

### Related:

1. [The UN General Assembly's human rights committee criticizes Iran for human rights abuses; Iranian diplomat Mohammad-Javad Larijani calls the UN censure a "politicization" of human rights. ](/news/2010/11/19/the-un-general-assembly-s-human-rights-committee-criticizes-iran-for-human-rights-abuses-iranian-diplomat-mohammad-javad-larijani-calls-the.md) _Context: Human rights, Iran, Iranian human rights_
2. [Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for-syrian-president-bashar-a.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
3. [Iran hangs two members of the People's Mujahedin of Iran convicted of involvement in the post-election riots after the presidential election in June 2009 and of visiting a training base in Iraq, in the latest series of executions that has seen an unprecedented 64 people executed in 24 days. ](/news/2011/01/24/iran-hangs-two-members-of-the-people-s-mujahedin-of-iran-convicted-of-involvement-in-the-post-election-riots-after-the-presidential-election.md) _Context: Iran, post-election riots_
4. [Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. ](/news/2011/01/1/canada-s-foreign-minister-lawrence-cannon-urges-iran-to-improve-the-country-s-human-rights-record-and-denounces-iran-for-imposing-draconi.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
5. [Iranian human rights activist Shiva Nazar Ahari is convicted of gathering and plotting to commit crimes against the Iranian state, propaganda against the establishment and waging war against God. ](/news/2010/09/18/iranian-human-rights-activist-shiva-nazar-ahari-is-convicted-of-gathering-and-plotting-to-commit-crimes-against-the-iranian-state-propagand.md) _Context: Human rights, Iran_
6. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Human rights, Iranian human rights_
7. [After Iran's selection to the Commission on the Status of Women, a United Nations panel on women's rights, Canada cites "serious concerns" about Iran's participation in the panel and Iran's human-rights record. ](/news/2010/05/2/after-iranas-selection-to-the-commission-on-the-status-of-women-a-united-nations-panel-on-womenas-rights-canada-cites-aserious-conce.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights_
8. [ International relations: European Union increases pressure on Tehran to cooperate with international nuclear weapons inspectors. Britain states Iran must declare ""unequivocally"" that it harbours no ambitions to develop nuclear arms. European Union, in a draft joint statement, warns of economic fallout if Tehran does not make progress on key areas including non-proliferation, fighting terrorism, human rights and the Middle East peace process.](/news/2003/09/29/international-relations-european-union-increases-pressure-on-tehran-to-cooperate-with-international-nuclear-weapons-inspectors-britain-st.md) _Context: Human rights, Iran_
9. [Iran successfully tests the Khorramshahr missile. ](/news/2017/09/23/iran-successfully-tests-the-khorramshahr-missile.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran_
