### [2010-11-15](/news/2010/11/15/index.md)

# Scientists exhume the remains of 16th century astronomer Tycho Brahe in Prague to try to solve the mystery of his sudden death. 

The 16th Century Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe is being exhumed in Prague to clarify the cause of his death, after previous tests showed high levels of mercury in his hair.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_CZECH_DANISH_ASTRONOMER?SITE=WVEC&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/11756077)

### Related:

1. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Prague_
2. [European migrant crisis: Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/european-migrant-crisis-czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christi.md) _Context: Prague_
3. [After more than 200 years, Mozart's and Salieri's lost cantata "Per la ricuperata salute di Ofelia" is discovered in Prague. ](/news/2016/02/16/after-more-than-200-years-mozart-s-and-salieri-s-lost-cantata-per-la-ricuperata-salute-di-ofelia-is-discovered-in-prague.md) _Context: Prague_
4. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic-s borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Prague_
5. [Astronomers say they have observed bizarre light patterns using the Kepler Space Telescope from a star that appears old, but is shrouded in debris like a much younger star, roughly 1,500 light-years away. This has led to speculation that these are an "artificial extraterrestrial mega-structure", orbiting the star known as KIC 8462852 in the Cygnus constellation. KIC 8462852 lies just above the Milky Way between the constellations Cygnus and Lyra. It first attracted the attention of astronomers in 2009 when the Kepler Space Telescope identified it as a candidate for having orbiting Earth-like planets. ](/news/2015/10/15/astronomers-say-they-have-observed-bizarre-light-patterns-using-the-kepler-space-telescope-from-a-star-that-appears-old-but-is-shrouded-in.md) _Context: Astronomers_
6. [Astronomers, for the first time, discover a moon orbiting around an exoplanet. ](/news/2014/04/11/astronomers-for-the-first-time-discover-a-moon-orbiting-around-an-exoplanet.md) _Context: Astronomers_
7. [Jamal al-Jamal, a Palestinian ambassador to the Czech Republic, is killed in an explosion near his home in Prague. ](/news/2014/01/1/jamal-al-jamal-a-palestinian-ambassador-to-the-czech-republic-is-killed-in-an-explosion-near-his-home-in-prague.md) _Context: Prague_
8. [A powerful explosion occurs in an office building in Prague, Czech Republic, believed to have been caused by natural gas, injures 35 people. Both the nearby Faculty of Arts and Sciences building of Charles University and the National Theater also sustain damage. ](/news/2013/04/29/a-powerful-explosion-occurs-in-an-office-building-in-prague-czech-republic-believed-to-have-been-caused-by-natural-gas-injures-35-people.md) _Context: Prague_
9. [British astronomer and broadcaster Sir Patrick Moore, presenter of "The Sky at Night" for over 55 years, dies aged 89. ](/news/2012/12/9/british-astronomer-and-broadcaster-sir-patrick-moore-presenter-of-the-sky-at-night-for-over-55-years-dies-aged-89.md) _Context: Astronomers_
10. [ESO astronomers discover an unexpected spiral structure around carbon star R Sculptoris. ](/news/2012/10/10/eso-astronomers-discover-an-unexpected-spiral-structure-around-carbon-star-r-sculptoris.md) _Context: Astronomers_
