### [2017-03-17](/news/2017/03/17/index.md)

# Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. 

Pakistani Taliban faction says it carried out attack on border post as suicide attack is &#39;foiled in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa&#39;.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/03/clashes-pakistan-afghanistan-border-kill-170317061451793.html)

### Related:

1. [A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in-the-northwestern-pakistani.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
2. [Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-administrative-headqu.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
3. [A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36.  Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a  Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-36-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-paki.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
4. [Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan. The soldiers belonged to the Frontier Corps; the attack targeted a checkpoint northeast of the border village of Angoor Adda. ](/news/2015/10/27/pakistan-says-seven-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-the-south-waziristan-tribal-region-by-fire-from-across-the-border-with-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan, Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan Pakistan announces the arrest of twelve Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in relation to their alleged involvement in last year's school massacre. ](/news/2015/02/13/war-in-north-west-pakistan-ppakistan-announces-the-arrest-of-twelve-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-in-relation-to-their-alleged-involvement-in-la.md) _Context: Pakistan, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
6. [Pakistan's military claims to have killed 18 militants in air strikes near the Afghanistan border. ](/news/2014/10/26/pakistan-s-military-claims-to-have-killed-18-militants-in-air-strikes-near-the-afghanistan-border.md) _Context: Afghan, Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan:A roadside bomb targeting a passing Pakistani army convoy kills nine soldiers in North Waziristan near Pakistan's border with Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/09/1/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pa-roadside-bomb-targeting-a-passing-pakistani-army-convoy-kills-nine-soldiers-in-north-waziristan-near-pakistan.md) _Context: Afghan, Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan:Drone attacks in Pakistan: Pakistani intelligence officials claim that a US drone attack has killed 5 alleged foreign militants, including Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan commander Wali-ur-Rehman, in the North Waziristan town of Miran Shah. ](/news/2013/05/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pdrone-attacks-in-pakistan-pakistani-intelligence-officials-claim-that-a-us-drone-attack-has-killed-5-alleged-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan:At least 7 people are killed in an attack by militants, suspected to be Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, on a power station in the Pakistani city of Peshawar. Ten hostages are reportedly taken by the militants. ](/news/2013/04/2/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pat-least-7-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-by-militants-suspected-to-be-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-on-a-power-st.md) _Context: Pakistan, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:At least 24 militants are killed in clashes between the Tehrik-e-Taliban and Ansarul Islam in Pakistan near the border with Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/01/26/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pat-least-24-militants-are-killed-in-clashes-between-the-tehrik-e-taliban-and-ansarul-islam-in-pakistan-near-the.md) _Context: Afghan, Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
