### [2017-03-17](/news/2017/03/17/index.md)

# The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/donna-brazile-finally-admits-giving-debate-questions-clinton-article-1.3002221)

### Related:

1. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks: Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: Democratic, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
2. [2016 Democratic National Convention: Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns from her position as Chairperson of the Democratic National Committee. Wasserman Schultz had reportedly been removed from a speaking role after a WikiLeaks email leak proved her implicit support of Hillary Clinton's campaign during the primaries. Her resignation will take effect upon the close of the convention. Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair. ](/news/2016/07/24/2016-democratic-national-convention-debbie-wasserman-schultz-resigns-from-her-position-as-chairperson-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, Donna Brazile, Hillary Clinton_
3. [2016 Democratic National Committee email leak: Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/2016-democratic-national-committee-email-leak-emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016.: Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-american-state-of-nevada-take-part-in-democratic-party-caucuses-with-hillary-clin.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton-s private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton_
7. [2016 United States election interference by Russia: A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
8. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016: Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.: The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-no.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
