### [2016-02-29](/news/2016/02/29/index.md)

# Former Prime Minister of Malaysia Mahathir Mohamad quits the ruling United Malays National Organisation due to concerns over "corruption" under current PM Najib Razak. 

 Malaysia&#039;s former prime minister Mahathir Mohamad said on Monday he is quitting the ruling United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) party, as it is being seen as &#034;supporting corruption&#034; under Prime Minister Najib Razak&#039;s leadership.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/world/mahathir-mohamad-quits-malaysia-ruling-umno-party-protesting-corruption-20160229-gn6t4o.html)

### Related:

1. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
2. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
3. [Bersih 5 rally: Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/bersih-5-rally-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-do.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
4. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
5. [Status of press freedom worldwide: Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours, and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/status-of-press-freedom-worldwide-australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-an.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
6. [The Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak is cleared of corruption by the Attorney-General of Malaysia Apandi Ali after returning US$607 million worth of donations to his personal account from the Saudi Royal Family. ](/news/2016/01/26/the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-is-cleared-of-corruption-by-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-apandi-ali-after-returning-us-607-mi.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
7. [Reactions to the November 2015 Paris attacks: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak denounces the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant as an "evil" terrorist group. He said his Muslim-majority country is ready to join others to defeat it, cautioning that a military solution alone is not enough and that it is also necessary to vanquish the ideology of the group. ](/news/2015/11/21/reactions-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-denounces-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-as-an.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
8. [Moro conflict: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/moro-conflict-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-ber.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
9. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal: The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal-the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
10. [Malaysian Airlines Flight 370:: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak confirms that the plane debris recovered from Reunion Island on July 29 is from Flight 370. This is the first direct evidence that the missing March 2014 flight crashed. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says that the search for MH370 will continue. ](/news/2015/08/5/malaysian-airlines-flight-370-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-confirms-that-the-plane-debris-recovered-from-reunion-island-on-july-29.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
