### [2016-02-29](/news/2016/02/29/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). At least 40 people are killed and 58 others wounded following a suicide bombing at a Shi'ite funeral in the city of Miqdadiyah, Diyala Governorate. ISIL claim responsibility for the attack. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-blast-idUSKCN0W21UA)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). At least 51 people are reportedly killed in an attack on a shopping centre in Iraq's capital, Baghdad, and a car bombing outside an illegal casino in Miqdadiyah, east of Baghdad, with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claiming responsibility for both attacks. ](/news/2016/01/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-51-people-are-reportedly-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-shopping-centre-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-and.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Miqdadiyah_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. ](/news/2015/10/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-police-officials-say-at-least-35-people-have-been-killed-following-a-mortar-bombardment-of-villages.md) _Context: Diyala Governorate, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). ISIL recaptures the western Iraqi town of Ar-Rutbah, which it previously withdrew from in May. ](/news/2016/10/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-recaptures-the-western-iraqi-town-of-ar-rutbah-which-it-previously-withdrew-from-in-may.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
