### [2016-02-29](/news/2016/02/29/index.md)

# Macedonian police use tear gas after hundreds of migrants frustrated with long delays broke a gate on the border with Greece and temporarily cross the border. 

Police have fired tear gas and stun grenades after a few hundred migrants angry at long delays in entering Macedonia broke a gate on the border with Greece.


### Source:

1. [Press Association via ''Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/refugees-rip-down-barb-wire-and-break-through-macedonia-border-fence-using-homemade-battering-ram-34497933.html)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4242467/canada-refugee-target/)

### Related:

1. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
2. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
3. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
4. [Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
5. [Clashes break out between migrants and riot police at the Moria camp on the Greek island of Lesbos after a policeman reportedly hit a minor. The violence occurred as a Greek migration minister was visiting the center. Several refugees/migrants are reported injured. ](/news/2016/04/26/clashes-break-out-between-migrants-and-riot-police-at-the-ma2ria-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-after-a-policeman-reportedly-hit-a-minor.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
6. [Pope Francis arrives on the Greek island of Lesbos. Francis is expected to visit the Moria detention facility, where he will have lunch with some of the 3,060 men, women, and children there. ](/news/2016/04/16/pope-francis-arrives-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-francis-is-expected-to-visit-the-moria-detention-facility-where-he-will-have-lunch-with.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
7. [Macedonian police fire tear gas at refugees as they attempted to break through a fence at the Greece-Macedonia border near Idomeni, sparking clashes that injured 200 people. ](/news/2016/04/10/macedonian-police-fire-tear-gas-at-refugees-as-they-attempted-to-break-through-a-fence-at-the-greece-macedonia-border-near-idomeni-sparking.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
8. [Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the-balkan-route-for-migrant.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
9. [The European Union launches a new aid program worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-growing-refugee-crisis-in-g.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
10. [United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-cri.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greek_
