### [2005-10-24](/news/2005/10/24/index.md)

#  Escalating a 'minor diplomatic crisis' between Russia and Norway, two Russian fishing trawlers are taken into custody by the Norwegian Coast Guard after allegedly having done illegal reloading of their vessels near Bear Island (Norway). 




### Source:

1. [Aftenposten](http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1141583.ece)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/world/20051024/41877198.html)

### Related:

1. [Norwegian chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen defeats Russian challenger Sergey Karjakin to retain the World Chess Championship title. ](/news/2016/11/30/norwegian-chess-grandmaster-magnus-carlsen-defeats-russian-challenger-sergey-karjakin-to-retain-the-world-chess-championship-title.md) _Context: Norway, Russia_
2. [Japan's Coast Guard sends a rescue team to the Russian fishing trawler "Alanet" with 24 fishermen on board which is in distress off Japanese Hokkaido Island. ](/news/2012/12/27/japan-s-coast-guard-sends-a-rescue-team-to-the-russian-fishing-trawler-alanet-with-24-fishermen-on-board-which-is-in-distress-off-japanese.md) _Context: Russia, trawler_
3. [Norway and Russia settle a 40-year-old conflict over their maritime border in the Barents Sea, announced during President Medvedev's state visit in Norway. ](/news/2010/04/27/norway-and-russia-settle-a-40-year-old-conflict-over-their-maritime-border-in-the-barents-sea-announced-during-president-medvedev-s-state-v.md) _Context: Norway, Russia_
4. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull volcano:Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-volcano-ptravel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finl.md) _Context: Norway, Russia_
5. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Norway_
6. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an  offshore prospect,  in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Norway_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
