### [2005-10-24](/news/2005/10/24/index.md)

#  Rosa Parks, whose famous refusal in 1955 to surrender her bus seat to a white man in Montgomery, Alabama triggered a bus-boycott and the beginning of the modern U.S. civil rights movement, died at the age of 92. The recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom was known to have suffered from dementia.  Sources state that she died at her home in Detroit of natural causes. [http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000103&sid=aMiN.A5MlIXs&refer=us (Bloomberg)] [http://www.clickondetroit.com/news/5165155/detail.html (ClickOnDetroit.com)].




### Related:

1. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction_
2. [Attorneys for 80-year old American pro football legend and Hall of Famer Paul Hornung, who has dementia, sue Riddell sports equipment manufacturer, stating its helmets failed to protect Hornung from brain injury. The suit says Hornung suffered multiple concussions as a player and his neurodegenerative disease has been linked to repetitive head trauma. ](/news/2016/07/7/attorneys-for-80-year-old-american-pro-football-legend-and-hall-of-famer-paul-hornung-who-has-dementia-sue-riddell-sports-equipment-manufa.md) _Context: dementia_
3. [Barack Obama presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 17 people including Willie Mays, Barbra Streisand, Itzhak Perlman, James Taylor, Gloria Estefan and Emilio Estefan, Stephen Sondheim and Steven Spielberg. ](/news/2015/11/24/barack-obama-presents-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-to-17-people-including-willie-mays-barbra-streisand-itzhak-perlman-james-taylor.md) _Context: Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction_
4. [The Federal government recognizes same-sex marriage in the United States in all legal matters as Eric Holder compares it to the Civil Rights Movement. ](/news/2014/02/9/the-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-in-all-legal-matters-as-eric-holder-compares-it-to-the-civil-rights.md) _Context: Civil Rights Movement_
5. [Jaime Garcia Marquez tells his students that his brother Gabriel Garcia Marquez, the Colombian writer and recipient of the 1982 Nobel Prize for Literature, suffers from dementia that has ended his writing career. ](/news/2012/07/7/jaime-garcaa-ma-rquez-tells-his-students-that-his-brother-gabriel-garcaa-ma-rquez-the-colombian-writer-and-recipient-of-the-1982-nobel-pr.md) _Context: dementia_
6. [Canada and the U.S. state of Michigan announce a deal to construct a bridge between the U.S. city of Detroit and the Canadian city of Windsor, Ontario. ](/news/2012/06/15/canada-and-the-u-s-state-of-michigan-announce-a-deal-to-construct-a-bridge-between-the-u-s-city-of-detroit-and-the-canadian-city-of-windso.md) _Context: Detroit_
7. [U.S. president Barack Obama gives out the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 13 recipients, including Israeli president Shimon Peres, astronaut John Glenn and musician Bob Dylan, at the White House. ](/news/2012/05/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-gives-out-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-to-13-recipients-including-israeli-president-shimon-peres-astronau.md) _Context: Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction_
8. [Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the so-called "underwear bomber", is sentenced to life imprisonment for attempting to detonate a bomb on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 in the US city of Detroit, Michigan. ](/news/2012/02/16/umar-farouk-abdulmutallab-the-so-called-underwear-bomber-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-attempting-to-detonate-a-bomb-on-northwes.md) _Context: Detroit_
9. [Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, a Nigerian man also known as the "underwear bomber", pleads guilty to attempting to blow up an airliner on Christmas Day 2009 in a trial in the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan. ](/news/2011/10/12/umar-farouk-abdulmutallab-a-nigerian-man-also-known-as-the-underwear-bomber-pleads-guilty-to-attempting-to-blow-up-an-airliner-on-christ.md) _Context: Detroit_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama kicks off his re-election campaign with an appearance at the AFL-CIO Labor Day parade in the city of Detroit, Michigan. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-kicks-off-his-re-election-campaign-with-an-appearance-at-the-afl-cio-labor-day-parade-in-the.md) _Context: Detroit_
