### [2005-10-24](/news/2005/10/24/index.md)

#  The Terrafrica partnership, a US$4 billion, 12-year campaign supported by the African Union, World Bank, United Nations, European Commission, and regional African governments, and aimed at fighting current, and preventing future desertification in Africa, begins. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20051024/sc_nm/africa_desert_dc;_ylt=Al8lMbUeciJpvZnBf3GQgA.s0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3MzV0MTdmBHNlYwM3NTM-)

### Related:

1. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat. Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-minis.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
2. [2013 Central African Republic coup d'tat:. The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/2013-central-african-republic-coup-d-etat-the-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-africa.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
3. [M23 rebellion:. Eleven African nations including all the members of the African Great Lakes region sign a United Nations brokered peace deal for the eastern region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2013/02/24/m23-rebellion-eleven-african-nations-including-all-the-members-of-the-african-great-lakes-region-sign-a-united-nations-brokered-peace-deal.md) _Context: Africa, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations accuses Eritrea of attempting to bomb an African Union summit in Ethiopia. ](/news/2011/07/28/the-united-nations-accuses-eritrea-of-attempting-to-bomb-an-african-union-summit-in-ethiopia.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
5. [2011 Horn of Africa famine: The World Bank promises $500 million in aid to drought victims in East Africa as a United Nations agency hosts an emergency meeting aimed at fighting famine. ](/news/2011/07/25/2011-horn-of-africa-famine-the-world-bank-promises-500-million-in-aid-to-drought-victims-in-east-africa-as-a-united-nations-agency-hosts-a.md) _Context: United Nations, World Bank_
6. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir says the "mandate" of the United Nations, African Union and international aid organisations in Darfur is to "support government authorities" and that expulsion is the other option. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-says-the-mandate-of-the-united-nations-african-union-and-international-aid-organisations-in-darfur-is-t.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
7. [The United States, European Union and United Nations pledge additional resources to the African Union's AMISOM peacekeeping force in Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-united-states-european-union-and-united-nations-pledge-additional-resources-to-the-african-union-s-amisom-peacekeeping-force-in-somalia.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
8. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
9. [ African countries boycott the United Nations climate talks in Barcelona, Spain, after saying goals set by industrialised countries are too low. ](/news/2009/11/3/african-countries-boycott-the-united-nations-climate-talks-in-barcelona-spain-after-saying-goals-set-by-industrialised-countries-are-too.md) _Context: Africa, United Nations_
10. [ The African Union says a twin bombing that killed 17 peacekeepers on its base in Mogadishu, Somalia, was conducted in UN marked cars. ](/news/2009/09/18/the-african-union-says-a-twin-bombing-that-killed-17-peacekeepers-on-its-base-in-mogadishu-somalia-was-conducted-in-un-marked-cars.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
