### [2003-02-12](/news/2003/02/12/index.md)

#  An audio tape attributed to Osama bin Laden is released by al Jazeera television. It recounts the battle of Tora Bora and urges Muslims to fight the United States and to overthrow the Iraq regime of Saddam Hussein.




### Related:

1. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq, Osama bin Laden_
2. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Iraq, Osama bin Laden, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq, Osama bin Laden_
4. [ A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.](/news/2003/07/4/a-tape-purporting-to-be-of-saddam-hussein-and-to-have-been-made-on-june-14-is-broadcast-on-al-jazeera-the-arabic-language-satellite-tele.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
6. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [The government of Iraq shuts down 10 television stations including Al Jazeera, accusing them of encouraging the sectarian violence by Sunni muslims in the country. ](/news/2013/04/29/the-government-of-iraq-shuts-down-10-television-stations-including-al-jazeera-accusing-them-of-encouraging-the-sectarian-violence-by-sunni.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
8. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
10. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
