### [2014-11-25](/news/2014/11/25/index.md)

# The St. Louis suburb of Ferguson braces for another night of violence following the decision by a grand jury not to indict a police officer in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown. 

Missouri&#039;s governor ordered hundreds more state militia into a St. Louis suburb Tuesday after a night of violent protests over a grand jury decision&#039;s not to indict a white police officer in the killing of an unarmed black 18-year-old, a case that has inflamed racial tensions in the U.S.


### Source:

1. [AP via First Post](http://www.firstpost.com/world/ferguson-braces-for-more-protests-after-a-violent-night-2200-national-troops-sent-in-1821999.html)

### Related:

1. [A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wilson-in-relation-to-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: 2014 Ferguson unrest, grand jury, shooting of Michael Brown_
2. [The ex-police officer involved in a fatal 2011 shooting of a black man in St. Louis, Missouri is acquitted of all charges related to the case. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-ex-police-officer-involved-in-a-fatal-2011-shooting-of-a-black-man-in-st-louis-missouri-is-acquitted-of-all-charges-related-to-the-cas.md) _Context: St. Louis_
3. [A grand jury in Washington, D.C. has issued indictments for 19 people, including 15 identified as Turkish security officials, for attacking protesters in May 2017. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-has-issued-indictments-for-19-people-including-15-identified-as-turkish-security-officials-for-attacking.md) _Context: grand jury_
4. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: St. Louis_
5. [Peabody Energy, the largest privately-owned producer of coal in the world headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, files for bankruptcy court protection due to high debts and a drop in world prices. ](/news/2016/04/13/peabody-energy-the-largest-privately-owned-producer-of-coal-in-the-world-headquartered-in-st-louis-missouri-files-for-bankruptcy-court-p.md) _Context: St. Louis_
6. [A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-in-ferguson-misso.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
7. [The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts. This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-ferguson-missouri-city-council-after-last-month-voting-to-change-the-terms-of-the-agreement-reverses-course-and-unanimously-6-0-ag.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
8. [A grand jury in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania reports that hundreds of children were sexually abused by about 50 priests in the Altoona-Johnstown Diocese over four decades. ](/news/2016/03/1/a-grand-jury-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-reports-that-hundreds-of-children-were-sexually-abused-by-about-50-priests-in-the-altoona-joh.md) _Context: grand jury_
9. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers' Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: St. Louis_
10. [Police in the U.S. city of St. Louis, Missouri make nine arrests and use tear gas to disperse protesters after a killing of an armed man allegedly aiming a gun at police officers earlier in the day. ](/news/2015/08/19/police-in-the-u-s-city-of-st-louis-missouri-make-nine-arrests-and-use-tear-gas-to-disperse-protesters-after-a-killing-of-an-armed-man-all.md) _Context: St. Louis_
