### [2012-07-2](/news/2012/07/2/index.md)

# Four officials from the International Criminal Court, including Melinda Taylor, are released after they were held in the Libyan city of Zintan for four weeks on suspicion of spying. 

Four staff members from the International Criminal Court held in Libya for four weeks over accusations of spying are released.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-18671454)

### Related:

1. [Gaddafi family. Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/gaddafi-family-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-govern.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Zintan_
2. [Over documents delivered to Saif al-Islam, detained son of slain leader Muammar Gaddafi, Libya arrests an Australian lawyer from the International Criminal Court (ICC) for trying "to deliver documents to the accused, documents that have nothing to do with his case and that represent a danger to the security of Libya". ](/news/2012/06/10/over-documents-delivered-to-saif-al-islam-detained-son-of-slain-leader-muammar-gaddafi-libya-arrests-an-australian-lawyer-from-the-interna.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Libya_
3. [Muammar Gaddafi's fugitive son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, is captured in Libya. ](/news/2011/11/19/muammar-gaddafi-s-fugitive-son-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-who-is-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-is-captured-in-libya.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Libya_
4. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of the late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, is reported to be attempting to negotiate a surrender to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2011/10/26/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-the-late-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-reported-to-be-attempting-to-negotiate-a-surrender-to-the-interna.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Libya_
5. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali. The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
6. [Libyan Civil War. The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/libyan-civil-war-the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-followin.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
7. [European Union-Libya relations. The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/european-union-libya-relations-the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Libya_
9. [European migrant crisis. The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: Libya_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya_
