### [2012-07-2](/news/2012/07/2/index.md)

# Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. 

Hamas said it suspended the elections commission for not treating its supporters in the West Bank fairly, halting one of the only tangible steps toward reconciliation with the rival Fatah Party based in the West Bank.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/hamas-suspends-gaza-voter-registration-100055747.html;_ylt=A2KJ3CRyefJPsVcAtlTQtDMD)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/07/03/world/middleeast/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-gaza.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [Hamas bans Fatah supporters from holding a rally in the Gaza Strip as representatives of the two parties prepare to meet in Syria to discuss ways of resolving the conflict between them. ](/news/2010/11/9/hamas-bans-fatah-supporters-from-holding-a-rally-in-the-gaza-strip-as-representatives-of-the-two-parties-prepare-to-meet-in-syria-to-discuss.md) _Context: Fatah, Fatah-Hamas conflict, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
2. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-b.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-20.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
5. [Rival Palestinian parties Fatah and Hamas accuse each other for the failure to resolve the conflict between them in the second round meeting held in Damascus, Syria. [http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=195234 ("The Jerusalem Post") ]](/news/2010/11/14/rival-palestinian-parties-fatah-and-hamas-accuse-each-other-for-the-failure-to-resolve-the-conflict-between-them-in-the-second-round-meeting.md) _Context: Fatah, Fatah-Hamas conflict, Hamas_
6. [ Hamas accuses rival faction Fatah of spying for Israel during the recent conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/23/hamas-accuses-rival-faction-fatah-of-spying-for-israel-during-the-recent-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
7. [ Thousands of Fatah supporters gather in Gaza to mark the third anniversary of Yasser Arafat's death. Hamas security forces kill seven people and wound several. ](/news/2007/11/12/thousands-of-fatah-supporters-gather-in-gaza-to-mark-the-third-anniversary-of-yasser-arafat-s-death-hamas-security-forces-kill-seven-peopl.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
8. [ Hamas militants kill at least 16 Palestinians, including 2 UNRWA workers and 13 Fatah members, as clashes intensify in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/13/hamas-militants-kill-at-least-16-palestinians-including-2-unrwa-workers-and-13-fatah-members-as-clashes-intensify-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
9. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer.: Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
10. [ Over 18 people have been wounded by approximately thirty Qassam rockets being fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel. Hamas has claimed responsibility and sources believe the rocket attacks are an attempt to lure Israel into the ongoing internal conflict between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2007/05/16/over-18-people-have-been-wounded-by-approximately-thirty-qassam-rockets-being-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-hamas-has-claimed-resp.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Hamas_
