### [2003-05-14](/news/2003/05/14/index.md)

#  Carlos Menem quits the Argentinian presidential race; fellow Peronist Nstor Kirchner is consequently expected to win.




### Related:

1. [ Argentinians go to the polls to elect a president for the first time since the December 2001 economic collapse provoked street riots that unseated four presidents in two weeks. Carlos Menem beats fellow Peronist Nstor Kirchner in the first round of voting, but the closeness of the vote necessitates a runoff vote scheduled for May 18. Other candidates included former economy minister Ricardo Lpez Murphy, former caretaker president Adolfo Rodrguez Sa, and lawmaker Elisa Carrio.](/news/2003/04/27/argentinians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-president-for-the-first-time-since-the-december-2001-economic-collapse-provoked-street-riots-that-u.md) _Context: Argentina, Carlos Menem, Nstor Kirchner, Peronist_
2. [Nstor Kirchner is buried amid a mass outpouring of grief in Argentina. ](/news/2010/10/29/nestor-kirchner-is-buried-amid-a-mass-outpouring-of-grief-in-argentina.md) _Context: Argentina, Nstor Kirchner_
3. [Former Argentine President Nstor Kirchner is unanimously elected the first Secretary General of the Union of South American Nations (Unasur) at a heads of state summit held in Campana, Argentina. ](/news/2010/05/4/former-argentine-president-nestor-kirchner-is-unanimously-elected-the-first-secretary-general-of-the-union-of-south-american-nations-unasur.md) _Context: Argentina, Nstor Kirchner_
4. [First Gentleman and former President Nstor Kirchner of Argentina undergoes emergency surgery to remove a blockage in his carotid artery. ](/news/2010/02/7/first-gentleman-and-former-president-nestor-kirchner-of-argentina-undergoes-emergency-surgery-to-remove-a-blockage-in-his-carotid-artery.md) _Context: Argentina, Nstor Kirchner_
5. [ Former Argentinian president Carlos Menem is charged with tax fraud for failing to declare a Swiss bank account containing $600,000. If convicted he could be debarred from public office. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3336367.stm]](/news/2003/12/20/former-argentinian-president-carlos-menem-is-charged-with-tax-fraud-for-failing-to-declare-a-swiss-bank-account-containing-600-000-if-con.md) _Context: Argentina, Carlos Menem_
6. [A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-of-the-building-s-gat.md) _Context: Argentina_
7. [A secret collection of Nazi heritage is found in Argentina. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-secret-collection-of-nazi-heritage-is-found-in-argentina.md) _Context: Argentina_
8. [A bus traveling to Chile overturns in Argentina's Mendoza Province, killing at least 19 people. ](/news/2017/02/18/a-bus-traveling-to-chile-overturns-in-argentina-s-mendoza-province-killing-at-least-19-people.md) _Context: Argentina_
9. [A 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes northwest Argentina, near Chilecito in La Rioja Province. No reports of damages or injuries. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-northwest-argentina-near-chilecito-in-la-rioja-province-no-reports-of-damages-or-injuries.md) _Context: Argentina_
10. [Five people are dead and five are in hospital after taking ecstasy at an Argentine version of the Time Warp Festival featuring electronic music acts. ](/news/2016/04/16/five-people-are-dead-and-five-are-in-hospital-after-taking-ecstasy-at-an-argentine-version-of-the-time-warp-festival-featuring-electronic-mu.md) _Context: Argentina_
