### [2003-05-14](/news/2003/05/14/index.md)

#  DARPA's Information Processing Technology Office solicits bids for the LifeLog project, an extremely ambitious effort to create a massive searchable computer database, "an ontology-based (sub)system that captures, stores, and makes accessible the flow of one person's experience in and interactions with the world&nbsp;... The objective&nbsp;... is to be able to trace the 'threads' of an individual's life in terms of events, states, and relationships".,




### Related:

1. [New research reveals Apple and Google are running their iPhone and Android software to build gigantic databases from owners' movements as governments move to investigate. ](/news/2011/04/22/new-research-reveals-apple-and-google-are-running-their-iphone-and-android-software-to-build-gigantic-databases-from-owners-movements-as-go.md) _Context: database_
2. [ An intruder attempts to insert a Trojan horse program into the code of the next version of the Linux kernel, stored at a publicly accessible source-code repository database. Security features of the BitKeeper system detect the illicit changes within 24 hours. The changes, which would have introduced a security flaw to the kernel, never became a part of the Linux code.](/news/2003/11/6/an-intruder-attempts-to-insert-a-trojan-horse-program-into-the-code-of-the-next-version-of-the-linux-kernel-stored-at-a-publicly-accessibl.md) _Context: database_
3. [ Florida is set to begin paying $1.6 million in fees to pilot/database guru and alleged former drug smuggler turned government informant Hank Asher in payment for his MATRIX system, a rapidly searchable database combining existing police records and several large commercially available computer databases. Civil libertarians are outraged at the system, claiming it is Orwellian and reminiscent of the Federal Total Information Awareness program. The United States Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security are providing funds to expand Matrix coverage to the entire country.](/news/2003/08/6/florida-is-set-to-begin-paying-1-6-million-in-fees-to-pilot-database-guru-and-alleged-former-drug-smuggler-turned-government-informant-han.md) _Context: database_
4. [ DARPA's Congressional report announces that the controversial Total Information Awareness program will be known as the Terrorist Information Awareness program from now on, to emphasize that its purpose is to compile data on terrorists, and not to compile dossiers on US citizens.](/news/2003/05/20/darpa-s-congressional-report-announces-that-the-controversial-total-information-awareness-program-will-be-known-as-the-terrorist-informatio.md) _Context: DARPA_
