### [2003-05-14](/news/2003/05/14/index.md)

#  SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."




### Related:

1. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: International Business Machines, Linux, SCO v. IBM, operating system_
2. [ "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group plans to widen its legal battle against the open-source operating system, stating intent to sue large-scale Linux users for copyright infringement.](/news/2003/11/18/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-plans-to-widen-its-legal-battle-against-the-open-source-operating-system-stating-intent-to-sue-large-scale-linux-u.md) _Context: Linux, SCO v. IBM, operating system_
3. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
4. [ Ubuntu released its first version of the Linux operating system, called Warty Warthog (4.10). It is based on the Linux distribution Debian.](/news/2004/10/20/ubuntu-released-its-first-version-of-the-linux-operating-system-called-warty-warthog-4-10-it-is-based-on-the-linux-distribution-debian.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
5. [ SCO v. IBM: Lawyers representing SCO Group in intellectual property litigation stand to benefit significantly if the company settles lawsuits or is sold.](/news/2003/11/6/sco-v-ibm-lawyers-representing-sco-group-in-intellectual-property-litigation-stand-to-benefit-significantly-if-the-company-settles-lawsui.md) _Context: SCO v. IBM, intellectual property_
6. [ SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).](/news/2003/10/6/sco-v-ibm-in-an-open-letter-to-the-linux-community-published-by-silicon-graphics-sgi-sgi-states-it-conducted-a-comprehensive-compariso.md) _Context: Linux, SCO v. IBM_
7. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: Linux, SCO v. IBM_
8. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Novell enters the lawsuit between the SCO Group and IBM with a press release concerning the SCO Group's ownership of UNIX. "To Novell's knowledge, the 1995 agreement governing SCO's purchase of UNIX from Novell does not convey to SCO the associated copyrights," a letter to the SCO Group's CEO Darl McBride said in part. "We believe it unlikely that SCO can demonstrate that it has any ownership interest whatsoever in those copyrights. Apparently you share this view, since over the last few months you have repeatedly asked Novell to transfer the copyrights to SCO, requests that Novell has rejected."](/news/2003/05/27/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-novell-enters-the-lawsuit-between-the-sco-group-and-ibm-with-a-press-release-concerning-the-sco-group-s-ownership.md) _Context: International Business Machines, SCO v. IBM_
9. [ In the city of Munich (Germany), the SPD and Greens, who have a city hall majority, decide in separate meetings to migrate 14,000 city-owned Windows NT PC workstations to the SUSE Linux operating system. In spite of personal meetings with Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and substantial rebates offered on a Microsoft solution, Munich now becomes the largest German city to migrate all of its client PCs to Linux. As an office suite, OpenOffice.org will be used.](/news/2003/05/26/in-the-city-of-munich-germany-the-spd-and-greens-who-have-a-city-hall-majority-decide-in-separate-meetings-to-migrate-14-000-city-owne.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
10. [ The SCO Group, formerly Caldera, the current owner of the rights to the Unix operating system, sues IBM for $1 billion for "devaluing" Unix, claiming that IBM employees who signed Non-disclosure agreements worked on the Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/6/the-sco-group-formerly-caldera-the-current-owner-of-the-rights-to-the-unix-operating-system-sues-ibm-for-1-billion-for-devaluing-unix.md) _Context: International Business Machines, Linux_
