### [2002-06-26](/news/2002/06/26/index.md)

#  Law - A federal court in San Francisco, California, ruled that the Pledge of Allegiance is unconstitutional, because of its "under God" clause.




### Related:

1. [ The United States 9th Circuit Court, based in San Francisco, California, reaffirmed its ruling that the words "Under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance are unconstitutional. It is expected that the Bush administration will appeal to the Supreme Court.](/news/2003/02/28/the-united-states-9th-circuit-court-based-in-san-francisco-california-reaffirmed-its-ruling-that-the-words-under-god-in-the-pledge-of.md) _Context: Pledge of Allegiance, San Francisco, California_
2. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United States accepts a petition by five people from American Samoa arguing that people born in this U.S. territory are entitled to U.S citizenship under the United States Constitution. The State Department currently opposes this idea. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-accepts-a-petition-by-five-people-from-american-samoa-arguing-that-people-born-in-this-u-s-territory.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
4. [New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sends cease and desist letters to DraftKings and FanDuel ordering them to stop operating in the state because they violate New York laws against illegal gambling. ](/news/2015/11/10/new-york-attorney-general-eric-schneiderman-sends-cease-and-desist-letters-to-draftkings-and-fanduel-ordering-them-to-stop-operating-in-the.md) _Context: law_
5. [A U.S. federal judge declines plaintiffs request for an emergency order requiring Texas issue birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrant families who entered the country illegally. The judge said Matricula Consular cards issued by Mexican consulates to their citizens in the U.S. aren't secure. The U.S. Constitution's 14th Amendment guarantees the right of citizenship to children born in the United States. ](/news/2015/10/16/a-u-s-federal-judge-declines-plaintiffs-request-for-an-emergency-order-requiring-texas-issue-birth-certificates-to-u-s-born-children-of-im.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
6. [A woman, Kathryn Steinle, is shot dead in a random attack at the busy Embarcadero district in San Francisco, California. A Mexican national is arrested in connection with her death. ](/news/2015/07/1/a-woman-kathryn-steinle-is-shot-dead-in-a-random-attack-at-the-busy-embarcadero-district-in-san-francisco-california-a-mexican-national.md) _Context: San Francisco, California_
7. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: San Francisco, California_
8. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and-in-violation-of-the-fifth-amendment-to-th.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
9. [Ross Mirkarimi, the head of the Sheriff's Department in the US city of San Francisco is put on probation for three years for false imprisonment of his wife on New Years Eve 2011. ](/news/2012/03/20/ross-mirkarimi-the-head-of-the-sheriff-s-department-in-the-us-city-of-san-francisco-is-put-on-probation-for-three-years-for-false-imprisonm.md) _Context: San Francisco, California_
10. [Voters in San Francisco, California, elect Ed Lee as the city's interim Mayor. Lee is the first Asian-American to become Mayor of San Francisco. ](/news/2011/11/9/voters-in-san-francisco-california-elect-ed-lee-as-the-city-s-interim-mayor-lee-is-the-first-asian-american-to-become-mayor-of-san-franci.md) _Context: San Francisco, California_
