### [2005-05-8](/news/2005/05/8/index.md)

#  Exiled Christian army general Michel Aoun returns to Lebanon from France. His supporters in the Free Patriotic Movement call for his election as a new president. 

Women ululated, men wept and youths hugged when Lebanon&#39;s anti-Syria politician appeared behind bullet-proof glass on Saturday to address tens of thousands of screaming supporters welcoming him back after more than a decade of exile.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeerah](http://www.aljazeerah.info/News%20archives/2005%20News%20Archives/May/8%20n/Michel%20Aoun%20Returns%20From%20Exile.htm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4525419.stm)
3. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=14914)
4. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L08540671.htm)

### Related:

1. [ In Lebanon, prime minister Fouad Siniora announces his new cabinet after long negotiations. Cabinet members include representative of Hezbollah when Christian leader Michel Aoun refuses to join ](/news/2005/07/19/in-lebanon-prime-minister-fouad-siniora-announces-his-new-cabinet-after-long-negotiations-cabinet-members-include-representative-of-hezbo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Michel Aoun_
2. [ Lebanese general elections: Results of the third round of the Lebanese parliamentary elections in Mount Lebanon and the Beqaa show the triumph of Michel Aoun's list in the upper part of the region (Metn) and the success of Walid Jumblatt's coalition in the lower part (Chouf). ](/news/2005/06/12/lebanese-general-elections-results-of-the-third-round-of-the-lebanese-parliamentary-elections-in-mount-lebanon-and-the-beqaa-show-the-triu.md) _Context: Lebanon, Michel Aoun_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
5. [Michel Aoun is elected President of Lebanon following 29 months of parliamentary deadlock to fill the position. ](/news/2016/10/31/michel-aoun-is-elected-president-of-lebanon-following-29-months-of-parliamentary-deadlock-to-fill-the-position.md) _Context: Michel Aoun_
6. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [ Australian ''60 Minutes'' reporter Tara Brown and her crew are reportedly facing kidnapping charges in Lebanon following a bungled child recovery attempt. ](/news/2016/04/12/australian-60-minutes-reporter-tara-brown-and-her-crew-are-reportedly-facing-kidnapping-charges-in-lebanon-following-a-bungled-child-re.md) _Context: Lebanon_
