### [2005-05-8](/news/2005/05/8/index.md)

#  Worldwide celebrations commemorate the 60th anniversary of V-E Day, the official end of World War II in Europe with the capitulation of Germany under Karl Dnitz. In several German cities, Germans also mourn today the millions of people massacred under the National Socialist (Nazi) regime in the  United States President George W. Bush uses the anniversary of V-E Day to call the Soviet Union's occupation of the Baltic states after World War II "one of the greatest wrongs of history". He also attended Europe's third largest war cemetery in the town of Margraten, the Netherlands. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/05/07/bush.europe/index.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/05/07/veday.saturday.ap/index.html)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-05-07T225215Z_01_N07627509_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-GERMANY-DC.XML)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush delivers the State of the Union Address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress (the House of Representatives and the Senate).  Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/01/31/sheehan.arrest/index.html?section=cnn_topstories (CNN)] Also directed out of the U.S. Capitol Building was Beverly Young, wife of GOP congressman Bill Young, for wearing a T-shirt that read "Support the Troops: Defending Our Freedom" [http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/story?id=1567217&WNTad=true (ABC)].](/news/2006/01/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-delivers-the-state-of-the-union-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: (Wikinews), George W. Bush_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump 	President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation;  ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-ppresident-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-servic.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
3. [United States Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John M. Richardson says Russian jets in the Baltics buzzing a U.S. military ship and planes are escalating tension between the two nations. Richardson added he doesn't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident but these actions increase the chance of a "tactical miscalculation." ](/news/2016/05/2/united-states-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-m-richardson-says-russian-jets-in-the-baltics-buzzing-a-u-s-military-ship-and-planes.md) _Context: Baltics_
4. [The United States Air Force lands two of its most advanced fighter jets in Lithuania for the first time in a show of support for the Baltic states which have become worried about Russia's actions in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-united-states-air-force-lands-two-of-its-most-advanced-fighter-jets-in-lithuania-for-the-first-time-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-baltic.md) _Context: Baltics_
5. [The Wallenberg family files an application to formally declare Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg (born in 1912) to be dead. Wallenberg saved the lives of thousands of Jews in World War II only to disappear at the hands of the Soviet forces. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-wallenberg-family-files-an-application-to-formally-declare-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-born-in-1912-to-be-dead-wallenberg-saved.md) _Context: Soviet_
6. [The Dutch Safety Board releases their final report into the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster that concludes that the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot-down by a Russian-made Buk missile system on 17 July 2014 killing 298 people. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-dutch-safety-board-releases-their-final-report-into-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-that-concludes-that-the-flight-from.md) _Context: Soviet_
7. [United States Department of Defense says that Russia has deployed armoured vehicles and troops to Syria in what has been described as the "first clear sign of offensive weapons arriving in Syria" and "the largest deployment of Russian forces outside the former Soviet Union since the collapse of the USSR". ](/news/2015/09/14/united-states-department-of-defense-says-that-russia-has-deployed-armoured-vehicles-and-troops-to-syria-in-what-has-been-described-as-the-f.md) _Context: Soviet_
8. [Two Russian citizens are arrested for entering a Latvian military base as the Baltic nation was participating in US-led military exercises. ](/news/2015/06/12/two-russian-citizens-are-arrested-for-entering-a-latvian-military-base-as-the-baltic-nation-was-participating-in-us-led-military-exercises.md) _Context: Baltics_
9. [Estonia becomes the first former Soviet republic to legalize gay partnerships and grant equal rights to same-sex couples.](/news/2014/10/9/estonia-becomes-the-first-former-soviet-republic-to-legalize-gay-partnerships-and-grant-equal-rights-to-same-sex-couples.md) _Context: Soviet_
10. [The President of the United States visits Estonia in a move to reassure the Baltic states ahead of a NATO summit in Wales. ](/news/2014/09/3/the-president-of-the-united-states-visits-estonia-in-a-move-to-reassure-the-baltic-states-ahead-of-a-nato-summit-in-wales.md) _Context: Baltics_
