### [2017-08-24](/news/2017/08/24/index.md)

# 2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. 

Devastating rainfall flooding, dangerous storm surge and high winds are expected.


### Source:

1. [National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCDAT4+shtml/242046.shtml?)
2. [The Weather Channel](https://weather.com/storms/hurricane/news/hurricane-harvey-forecast-gulf-coast-texas-louisiana)

### Related:

1. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
2. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-mor.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Harvey: Harvey is now a tropical storm with sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kmh). It made landfall on Texas's eastern coast, the eye striking the town of Rockport, as a Category 4 hurricane. It's the strongest storm to hit the state since 1961. Harvey is expected to maintain tropical storm strength, with heavy rains and flooding, for at least four days. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-harvey-harvey-is-now-a-tropical-storm-with-sustained-winds-of-70-mph-110-kmh-it-made-landfall.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much as 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gul.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthe.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [Economy of the United States: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/economy-of-the-united-states-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-onc.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: A ten-year-old boy dies from injuries sustained during Tropical Storm Cindy in Fort Morgan, Alabama. ](/news/2017/06/21/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-a-ten-year-old-boy-dies-from-injuries-sustained-during-tropical-storm-cindy-in-fort-morgan-alabama.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Cindy makes its way towards the eastern coasts of the Southern United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-cindy-makes-its-way-towards-the-eastern-coasts-of-the-southern-united-states.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-a.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [April 2017 North American storm complex: At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Texas_
