### [2017-08-24](/news/2017/08/24/index.md)

# Tropical depression Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. 

Devastating rainfall flooding, dangerous storm surge and high winds are expected.


### Source:

1. [National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCDAT4+shtml/242046.shtml?)
2. [The Weather Channel](https://weather.com/storms/hurricane/news/hurricane-harvey-forecast-gulf-coast-texas-louisiana)

### Related:

1. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey, Texas_
2. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey, Texas_
3. [Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthens-into-a-tropical-depression-an.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Harvey_
4. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to the status of a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-the-status-of-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
7. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [A series of small explosions occur at the Arkema chemical plant in Crosby, Texas, and according to the company more are expected, after floodwaters shut down the cooling systems that kept the chemicals stable. Houston Methodist San Jacinto Hospital in Baytown, Texas treated 21 first responders for chemical exposure. Residents living within a 1.5 mi radius of the plant are evacuated. ](/news/2017/08/31/a-series-of-small-explosions-occur-at-the-arkema-chemical-plant-in-crosby-texas-and-according-to-the-company-more-are-expected-after-floo.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
10. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. "The New York Times" reports local officials say the death toll since last Friday is now 38. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-new-york-time.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
