### [2010-08-16](/news/2010/08/16/index.md)

# 2010 Pakistan floods:The devastating floods continue as a concern of the United Nations, with officials citing a lack of aid funding for six million people in urgent need of clean water. 

As officials struggle with immediate response to the disaster, concerns are growing about the toll on the overall economy, food supply and stability.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia/2010/08/2010816112835740506.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-10984477)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/17/world/asia/17pstan.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations launches an appeal for more than $2 billion in the wake of the 2010 Pakistan floods: this represents the organisation's biggest response to a natural disaster. ](/news/2010/09/17/the-united-nations-launches-an-appeal-for-more-than-2-billion-in-the-wake-of-the-2010-pakistan-floods-this-represents-the-organisation-s-b.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
2. [The United Nations describes the ongoing 2010 Pakistan floods as the worst natural disaster in years - worse than the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and the 2010 Haiti earthquake - as the number of people affected reaches an estimated 15 million and the waters and landslides continue to swamp the country. ](/news/2010/08/9/the-united-nations-describes-the-ongoing-2010-pakistan-floods-as-the-worst-natural-disaster-in-years-worse-than-the-2004-indian-ocean-eart.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
3. [The United Nations states more than four million people are now affected by the most severe flooding in Pakistan's history, while the death toll rises to at least 1,600. ](/news/2010/08/5/the-united-nations-states-more-than-four-million-people-are-now-affected-by-the-most-severe-flooding-in-pakistan-s-history-while-the-death.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
4. [The United Nations describes the humanitarian situation caused by the 2010 Pakistan floods as critical. ](/news/2010/08/23/the-united-nations-describes-the-humanitarian-situation-caused-by-the-2010-pakistan-floods-as-critical.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
5. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon welcomes more than $200 million in funds pledged towards the humanitarian effort following the 2010 Pakistan floods. ](/news/2010/08/21/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-welcomes-more-than-200-million-in-funds-pledged-towards-the-humanitarian-effort-following-the.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
6. [The United Nations estimates that four million people have become homeless as a result of the 2010 Pakistan floods; Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, speaking in New York, states that the floods are a "slow-motion tsunami" as he calls for more funds to assist those affected. ](/news/2010/08/19/the-united-nations-estimates-that-four-million-people-have-become-homeless-as-a-result-of-the-2010-pakistan-floods-secretary-general-of-the.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
7. [2010 Pakistan floods:The United Nations launches a major appeal for assistance dealing with the ongoing floods that have devastated Pakistan. ](/news/2010/08/12/2010-pakistan-floods-pthe-united-nations-launches-a-major-appeal-for-assistance-dealing-with-the-ongoing-floods-that-have-devastated-pakista.md) _Context: United Nations, devastating floods_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
