### [2010-08-16](/news/2010/08/16/index.md)

# Politicians and intellectuals including Etienne Balibar, Noam Chomsky, Daniel Cohn-Bendit and Eva Joly appeal to Nicolas Sarkozy that France repay -17 billion it took from Haiti in 1825 after the Haitian Revolution (1791-1804); they say the money is "morally, economically, and legally unassailable" in the aftermath of the January 2010 earthquake. 

A group of intellectuals and politicians calls on France to repay 17bn euros (£14bn) &quot;extorted&quot; from Haiti in the 19th Century.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/08/201081614920360923.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10988938)
3. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20100816-france-urged-pay-back-haiti-illegal-independence-debt-open-letter-sarkozy)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/aug/15/france-haiti-independence-debt)
5. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/france-urged-to-repay-haiti-a24-billion-20100816-126w0.html)

### Related:

1. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, France, Haiti_
2. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
3. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Haiti_
4. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
5. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
6. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
7. [French departmental elections, 2015. Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
8. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
9. [Several sources claim that a French spy killed Muammar Gaddafi in 2011; the motive to try to conceal Ghadaffi's financial support of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 presidential election campaign. A French source dismisses the story as "nonsense". ](/news/2012/10/2/several-sources-claim-that-a-french-spy-killed-muammar-gaddafi-in-2011-the-motive-to-try-to-conceal-ghadaffi-s-financial-support-of-nicolas.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
10. [Tropical Storm Isaac causes floodings and kills at least three people in Haiti, a nation still recovering from the 2010 earthquake. The storm moves Northwest over east Cuba. ](/news/2012/08/25/tropical-storm-isaac-causes-floodings-and-kills-at-least-three-people-in-haiti-a-nation-still-recovering-from-the-2010-earthquake-the-stor.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Haiti_
