### [2004-04-18](/news/2004/04/18/index.md)

#  9-11 Commission member Jamie S. Gorelick receives death threats after allegations that her actions to keep law-enforcement from using military intelligence may have contributed to lapses leading to the attacks. Meanwhile, the "Washington Times" reports allegations by former FBI Director Thomas J. Pickard that Gorelick resisted efforts by the FBI to expand the counterterrorism effort beyond simple law enforcement tactics and agencies. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2004/US/04/17/gorelick.threats/index.html)
2. [Washington Times](http://washingtontimes.com/national/20040419-124039-3448r.htm)

### Related:

1. [ John Ashcroft tells the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States that he blames former president Bill Clinton for intelligence failures and Jamie S. Gorelick for organizational failures leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2004/04/14/john-ashcroft-tells-the-national-commission-on-terrorist-attacks-upon-the-united-states-that-he-blames-former-president-bill-clinton-for-in.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, Jamie S. Gorelick, September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [ The US's 9/11 Commission states that although meetings between al Qaeda representatives and Iraqi government officials had taken place, it has found "no credible evidence" of a "collaborative relationship" between Saddam Hussein's Iraq and al Qaeda in the 9/11 attacks or in any other strike against U.S. interests. It also finds that the original plan involved ten jets and that there was dispute within the terrorist network about its implementation until only shortly before September 11. ](/news/2004/06/16/the-us-s-9-11-commission-states-that-although-meetings-between-al-qaeda-representatives-and-iraqi-government-officials-had-taken-place-it.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
3. [ Responding to requests by the September 11th Commission, the White House releases a newly declassified President's Daily Brief from a month before the September 11, 2001 attacks warning of possible al-Qaeda activity, including planned hijackings, within the United States. ](/news/2004/04/10/responding-to-requests-by-the-september-11th-commission-the-white-house-releases-a-newly-declassified-president-s-daily-brief-from-a-month.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
4. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [ Espionage: The "Washington Times" reveals the arrest of U.S. Army Captain James Yee, an Islamic chaplain at the Guantanamo Bay naval base, for officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, state that FBI agents discovered classified documents carried by Yee and were questioning him before handing him over to the military.](/news/2003/09/21/espionage-the-washington-times-reveals-the-arrest-of-u-s-army-captain-james-yee-an-islamic-chaplain-at-the-guantanamo-bay-naval-base.md) _Context: FBI, Washington Times_
6. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [The US FBI arrests three alleged Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spies working in the United States. The three men sought secrets about US economic plans and proposed sanctions against Moscow. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-fbi-arrests-three-alleged-russian-foreign-intelligence-service-spies-working-in-the-united-states-the-three-men-sought-secrets-about.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [The FBI launches a probe into a massive hacking attack on Sony Pictures, believing the leadership of North Korea to be responsible. ](/news/2014/12/2/the-fbi-launches-a-probe-into-a-massive-hacking-attack-on-sony-pictures-believing-the-leadership-of-north-korea-to-be-responsible.md) _Context: FBI_
