### [2016-05-31](/news/2016/05/31/index.md)

#  A recent Global Slavery Index report estimates the number of people born into servitude, trafficked for sex work, in debt bondage, or forced labour to be 45.8 million. India is reported to have the highest number at an estimated 18.4 million slaves, and North Korea the highest ratio, 4.4 percent of its population. 

By Belinda GoldsmithLONDON, May 31 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Almost 46million people are living as slaves globally with the greatestnumber in


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-31/nearly-46-million-people-trapped-in-modern-slavery-report-finds)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/slavery-index-data-idINL5N18M4DG)

### Related:

1. [ South Korea arrests a college lecturer accused of spying for North Korea, saying he was recruited by North Korean agents in India. ](/news/2009/10/29/south-korea-arrests-a-college-lecturer-accused-of-spying-for-north-korea-saying-he-was-recruited-by-north-korean-agents-in-india.md) _Context: India, North Korea_
2. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
3. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers  into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-j.md) _Context: North Korea_
4. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
6. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: India_
10. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: India_
