### [2016-05-31](/news/2016/05/31/index.md)

# North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. 

Pyongyang has never successfully launched one of the intermediate-range missiles, which are theoretically capable of hitting South Korea and Japan


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/may/31/north-korea-makes-another-failed-attempt-to-launch-musudan-missile)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/7a344e73a21e43a7807c1eaf97045f2a381625ef/0_95_4954_2973/4954.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=eaaac35e6e606c02c763a118a807248d)

### Related:

1. [South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: BM25 Musudan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
2. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: BM25 Musudan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
3. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
5. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
