### [2016-05-31](/news/2016/05/31/index.md)

#  The U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules (12-3) a warrant is not required for police to obtain a person's cellphone location data from wireless carriers. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-mobilephones-idUSKCN0YM2CZ)

### Related:

1. [United States immigration policy. A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/united-states-immigration-policy-a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-impl.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
2. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
3. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit refuses to reinstate Executive Order 13780 on the basis of religious discrimination, upholding the District Court for Maryland's March 7 ruling. ](/news/2017/05/25/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fourth-circuit-refuses-to-reinstate-executive-order-13780-on.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
4. ["Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA". The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-the-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-chal.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
5. [Voter ID laws in the United States. The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
6. [The United States Supreme Court grants a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy-t.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
7. [Transgender rights in the United States. An American federal appeals court in Richmond, Virginia, rules a transgender high school student who was banned from the boys' bathroom can proceed with the lawsuit against the school board. ](/news/2016/04/19/transgender-rights-in-the-united-states-an-american-federal-appeals-court-in-richmond-virginia-rules-a-transgender-high-school-student-wh.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
8. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state-s eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
9. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. ("Halbig v. Burwell") Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enroll.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
10. [ Michael Vick, former National Football League star, arrived in US Federal Circuit Court in Richmond, Virginia and pleads guilty to federal dogfighting charges and then issues a public apology at the Omni Richmond Hotel. Sentencing by U.S. District Judge Henry E. Hudson will be in December 2007. ](/news/2007/08/27/michael-vick-former-national-football-league-star-arrived-in-us-federal-circuit-court-in-richmond-virginia-and-pleads-guilty-to-federal.md) _Context: Fourth Circuit Appeals Court_
