### [2014-04-18](/news/2014/04/18/index.md)

# Pollution in China:An official study released by the Chinese government reveals that about one-fifth of China's soil is contaminated. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-27076645)

### Related:

1. [The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend-and-lasting-through.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Pollution in China_
2. [Sixty cities in the People's Republic of China issued smog alerts between December 2 and 4. ](/news/2016/12/4/sixty-cities-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-issued-smog-alerts-between-december-2-and-4.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
3. [The People's Republic of China announces that it will prosecute 357 people for the illegal sale of vaccines. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-people-s-republic-of-china-announces-that-it-will-prosecute-357-people-for-the-illegal-sale-of-vaccines.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
4. [The People's Republic of China expresses its opposition to unilateral sanctions against North Korea in the wake of the imposition of new sanctions by the United States on the country in response to its recent nuclear and rocket tests. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-its-opposition-to-unilateral-sanctions-against-north-korea-in-the-wake-of-the-imposition-of-new-san.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
5. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of  Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded  this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
6. [Beijing's city government issues its first red alert for pollution, ordering schools to close, halting outdoor construction, and restricting car use due to hazardous air quality. ](/news/2015/12/7/beijing-s-city-government-issues-its-first-red-alert-for-pollution-ordering-schools-to-close-halting-outdoor-construction-and-restricting.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
7. [Elementary and middle schools in the Chinese capital Beijing suspend outdoor activities due to heavy smog. ](/news/2015/12/6/elementary-and-middle-schools-in-the-chinese-capital-beijing-suspend-outdoor-activities-due-to-heavy-smog.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
8. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
9. [Chinese state news agency  Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote.  The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO).  ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-ap.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
10. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
