### [2014-04-18](/news/2014/04/18/index.md)

# Pollution in China:. An official study released by the Chinese government reveals that about one-fifth of China's soil is contaminated. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-27076645)

### Related:

1. [Pollution in China. The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/pollution-in-china-the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Government of China, Pollution in China_
2. [China-United States relations. Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/china-united-states-relations-former-united-states-officials-report-that-18-20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-impri.md) _Context: Government of China_
3. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Government of China_
4. [Pollution in China. Sixty cities in the People's Republic of China issued smog alerts between December 2 and 4. ](/news/2016/12/4/pollution-in-china-sixty-cities-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-issued-smog-alerts-between-december-2-and-4.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
5. [The People's Republic of China announces that it will prosecute 357 people for the illegal sale of vaccines. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-people-s-republic-of-china-announces-that-it-will-prosecute-357-people-for-the-illegal-sale-of-vaccines.md) _Context: Government of China_
6. [The People's Republic of China expresses its opposition to unilateral sanctions against North Korea in the wake of the imposition of new sanctions by the United States on the country in response to its recent nuclear and rocket tests. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-its-opposition-to-unilateral-sanctions-against-north-korea-in-the-wake-of-the-imposition-of-new-san.md) _Context: Government of China_
7. [China-Taiwan Relations. China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: Government of China_
8. [Pollution in China. Beijing's city government issues its first red alert for pollution, ordering schools to close, halting outdoor construction, and restricting car use due to hazardous air quality. ](/news/2015/12/7/pollution-in-china-beijing-s-city-government-issues-its-first-red-alert-for-pollution-ordering-schools-to-close-halting-outdoor-construct.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
9. [Pollution in China. Elementary and middle schools in the Chinese capital Beijing suspend outdoor activities due to heavy smog. ](/news/2015/12/6/pollution-in-china-elementary-and-middle-schools-in-the-chinese-capital-beijing-suspend-outdoor-activities-due-to-heavy-smog.md) _Context: Pollution in China_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week. For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time - before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military.md) _Context: Government of China_
