### [2001-11-13](/news/2001/11/13/index.md)

#  Doha Round: The World Trade Organization ends a four-day ministerial conference in Doha, Qatar.




### Related:

1. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Qatar, World Trade Organization_
2. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
3. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
4. [Hundreds of delegates meet in Doha, Qatar, to raise funds to rebuild the Sudanese region of Darfur, that has been racked by conflict. ](/news/2013/04/7/hundreds-of-delegates-meet-in-doha-qatar-to-raise-funds-to-rebuild-the-sudanese-region-of-darfur-that-has-been-racked-by-conflict.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
5. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
6. [The Arab League summit begins in Qatar, Doha, with the Syria conflict and possible talks between the Afghanistan government and the Taliban among the key issues. ](/news/2013/03/26/the-arab-league-summit-begins-in-qatar-doha-with-the-syria-conflict-and-possible-talks-between-the-afghanistan-government-and-the-taliban.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
7. [A United Nations climate conference held in Doha, Qatar, agrees to extend the Kyoto Protocol until 2020. ](/news/2012/12/8/a-united-nations-climate-conference-held-in-doha-qatar-agrees-to-extend-the-kyoto-protocol-until-2020.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
8. [ Up to 30 people are feared dead after the MV "Demas Victory" capsizes and sinks in choppy Persian Gulf waters off the Qatari capital Doha. ](/news/2009/07/1/up-to-30-people-are-feared-dead-after-the-mv-demas-victory-capsizes-and-sinks-in-choppy-persian-gulf-waters-off-the-qatari-capital-doha.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
9. [ Ministers from natural gas exporting countries such as Russia, Kazakhstan and Iran meet in Doha, Qatar, prompting speculation that they might be looking at transforming the Gas Exporting Countries Forum into a cartel similar to OPEC. ](/news/2007/04/9/ministers-from-natural-gas-exporting-countries-such-as-russia-kazakhstan-and-iran-meet-in-doha-qatar-prompting-speculation-that-they-mig.md) _Context: Doha, Qatar_
10. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: Doha round of negotiations, World Trade Organization_
