### [2001-11-13](/news/2001/11/13/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: In the first such act since World War&nbsp;II, US President George W. Bush signs an executive order allowing military tribunals against any foreigners suspected of having connections to terrorist acts or planned acts on the United States.




### Related:

1. [ In a speech given at the United States Air Force Academy, President Bush compares the present War on Terrorism in the Middle East to World War&nbsp;II in Europe. ](/news/2004/06/2/in-a-speech-given-at-the-united-states-air-force-academy-president-bush-compares-the-present-war-on-terrorism-in-the-middle-east-to-world.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism, World War&nbsp;II_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush arrives at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Santiago de Chile for talks with China and other nations. The summit's agenda includes nuclear proliferation and new free trade agreements, particularly on agriculture. Bush hopes to revive six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear program and promote the "War on Terrorism". The Chinese delegation ask Bush to take "all measures necessary" to halt the slide in value of the U.S. dollar. About 40,000 people protest against the summit, Bush, the war in Iraq, and globalization; they are blocked by Chilean police with tear gas and water cannon. ](/news/2004/11/19/u-s-president-george-w-bush-arrives-at-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-summit-in-santiago-de-chile-for-talks-with-china-and-other-n.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
3. [ Leaders of Pacific-rim nations gather in Bangkok ahead of the 11th Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) conference. President George W. Bush arrives in Thailand ahead of an APEC summit of 21 Asia-Pacific government leaders which is likely to be dominated by discussions of the War on Terrorism and trade friction between rich and poor nations (trade and currency).](/news/2003/10/18/leaders-of-pacific-rim-nations-gather-in-bangkok-ahead-of-the-11th-asian-pacific-economic-cooperation-apec-conference-president-george-w.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
5. [ War on Terrorism: President of the United States George W. Bush announces a freeze on the assets of the Palestinian militant leaders of Hamas and organizations financially supporting the "terrorist organization". The action is taken because Hamas officially claims responsibility for the act of terror on August 19.](/news/2003/08/22/war-on-terrorism-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-announces-a-freeze-on-the-assets-of-the-palestinian-militant-leaders-of-ham.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
6. [ Mary Ann Wright, a U.S. diplomat in Mongolia, resigned out of disagreement with George W. Bush's Mideast policy, his approach to North Korea and the domestic consequences of the War on Terrorism.](/news/2003/03/20/mary-ann-wright-a-u-s-diplomat-in-mongolia-resigned-out-of-disagreement-with-george-w-bush-s-mideast-policy-his-approach-to-north-kore.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terrorism_
7. [ War on Terrorism: The United States Department of Homeland Security officially began operation, and former governor Tom Ridge took command. Reorganization of other departments affected by its creation in the United States Government would continue for some time. This represented the largest reorganization of the United States Government since the creation of the United States Department of Defense during World War&nbsp;II.](/news/2003/01/24/war-on-terrorism-the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-officially-began-operation-and-former-governor-tom-ridge-took-command.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, World War&nbsp;II_
8. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
10. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
