### [2017-05-15](/news/2017/05/15/index.md)

# Donald Trump revelation of classified information to Russia: According to a current and a former unnamed U.S. government official, President Donald Trump revealed classified information that jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State during his Oval Office meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador on May 10. 

The president was boasting of the &ldquo;great intel&rdquo; he receives when he discussed intelligence provided by a U.S. partner.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/15/us/politics/trump-russia-classified-information-isis.html?_r=0)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-revealed-highly-classified-information-to-russian-foreign-minister-and-ambassador/2017/05/15/530c172a-3960-11e7-9e48-c4f199710b69_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Donald Trump revelation of classified information to Russia: In a series of tweets, President Donald Trump acknowledges that he shared classified information with Russian envoys, contradicting earlier White House denials. ](/news/2017/05/16/donald-trump-revelation-of-classified-information-to-russia-in-a-series-of-tweets-president-donald-trump-acknowledges-that-he-shared-class.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Donald Trump revelation of classified information to Russia, President_
2. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
4. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
5. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
7. [CNN controversies: CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
8. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
9. [Russia-United States relations: Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in "Washington Post" reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russia-united-states-relations-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterd.md) _Context: Russian Ambassador to the United States, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister_
10. [Efforts to impeach Donald Trump: Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. ](/news/2017/07/12/efforts-to-impeach-donald-trump-representative-brad-sherman-files-the-first-articles-for-the-formal-impeachment-of-donald-trump-in-his-posi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
