### [2017-05-15](/news/2017/05/15/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-election-idUSKCN18B1QB)

### Related:

1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, rules_
2. [The United States Supreme Court grants  a Virginia school board's emergency request to stop implementation of the federal government policy that calls for student use of the bathroom consistent with their gender identity in order to allow the board to appeal the  Fourth Circuit Court ruling that upheld this policy. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-supreme-court-grants-a-virginia-school-board-s-emergency-request-to-stop-implementation-of-the-federal-government-policy.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [Following the United States Supreme Court's denial of North Carolina's request to use the current district map, the state's legislature  meets the deadline for a court-ordered reapportionment of its congressional voting districts. Congressional primaries are rescheduled to June 7, 2016, from March 15. ](/news/2016/02/19/following-the-united-states-supreme-court-s-denial-of-north-carolina-s-request-to-use-the-current-district-map-the-state-s-legislature-mee.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [A federal district court for southern Texas rules that the state's voter ID law was passed in 2011 with the intent to discriminate against minority voters. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals previously found that the law  had the effect of discriminating against minority voters, and remanded the case to the district court for further action. ](/news/2017/04/10/a-federal-district-court-for-southern-texas-rules-that-the-state-s-voter-id-law-was-passed-in-2011-with-the-intent-to-discriminate-against-m.md) _Context: Voter ID laws in the United States_
9. [The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-known-as-the-transgender-bathro.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [The Senate Judiciary Committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-senate-judiciary-committee-begins-hearings-on-the-nomination-of-judge-neil-m-gorsuch-to-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
