### [2015-03-9](/news/2015/03/9/index.md)

# Celebrity British lawyer Amal Clooney files a case in the United Nations on behalf of former Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. 

The lawyer wife of actor George Clooney has asked the United Nations Human Rights Committee (UNHRC) to call on the Philippine government to issue a public apology for violating the rights of former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR). 


### Source:

1. [Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2015/03/09/1431539/clooneys-wife-wants-philippine-government-apologize-gma)

### Related:

1. [Philippines senator Leila de Lima requests the foreign affairs department to invite the United Nations for an investigation on alleged human rights violations in Marawi. ](/news/2017/08/6/philippines-senator-leila-de-lima-requests-the-foreign-affairs-department-to-invite-the-united-nations-for-an-investigation-on-alleged-human.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
2. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
4. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
5. [Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-international-body-critic.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
6. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
7. [Syrian Civil War:Thirty-two United Nations peacekeepers from the Philippines were evacuated under fire from the Golan Heights border checkpoint between Syria and Israel, while others remain under fire from groups including the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2014/08/31/syrian-civil-war-pthirty-two-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-the-philippines-were-evacuated-under-fire-from-the-golan-heights-border-checkp.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
8. [Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos visits the detained ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and criticizes the current President Benigno Aquino III as "cruel, unjust". ](/news/2014/01/23/former-philippine-first-lady-imelda-marcos-visits-the-detained-ex-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-criticizes-the-current-president-ben.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
9. [Syrian civil war:Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-pfour-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-isr.md) _Context: Philippines, United Nations_
10. [Andal Ampatuan Jr., former ally of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, and 196 other people are charged with murder in the Philippines, in connection with the Maguindanao massacre in November 2009. ](/news/2010/02/9/andal-ampatuan-jr-former-ally-of-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-196-other-people-are-charged-with-murder-in-the-philippines-in-co.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
