### [2015-03-9](/news/2015/03/9/index.md)

# The U.S.'s Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director, James Comey, announces an increased reward of $5 million (up from $1 million, issued in 2012) for information leading to the return of a former FBI agent Robert Levinson (who disappeared March 9, 2007, in Iran and who was paid by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to gather information about Iran's nuclear program). 




### Source:

1. [AFP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/us-offers-dollar5m-for-return-of-ex-fbi-agent-missing-in-iran/ar-AA9z5BA)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: FBI Director, James Comey_
2. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey_
3. [Former FBI Director Louis Freeh's report into the Penn State sex abuse scandal is released, alleging that late head football coach Joe Paterno and other school officials covered up child sexual abuse by former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky. ](/news/2012/07/12/former-fbi-director-louis-freeh-s-report-into-the-penn-state-sex-abuse-scandal-is-released-alleging-that-late-head-football-coach-joe-pater.md) _Context: FBI Director, Federal Bureau of Investigation_
4. [The US Federal Bureau of Investigation and Drug Enforcement Administration claim to have disrupted an alleged terrorist plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador and bombings of the Saudi and Israeli embassies in Washington DC with possible links to Iran. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-drug-enforcement-administration-claim-to-have-disrupted-an-alleged-terrorist-plot-to-assassinate.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, Iran_
5. [The United States reports that it has proof that Robert Levinson, a retired FBI agent missing in Iran since 2007, is alive. ](/news/2011/03/3/the-united-states-reports-that-it-has-proof-that-robert-levinson-a-retired-fbi-agent-missing-in-iran-since-2007-is-alive.md) _Context: Iran, Robert Levinson_
6. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran_
7. [Iran passes on to Tehran's Swiss embassy what it describes as evidence proving that the United States Central Intelligence Agency abducted Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri. ](/news/2010/07/4/iran-passes-on-to-tehran-s-swiss-embassy-what-it-describes-as-evidence-proving-that-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-abducted-i.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran_
8. [Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri, who says he was abducted by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, says the United States wanted him to confess to being a spy as part of a plan to force the release of three Americans spies caught by Iran. ](/news/2010/07/18/iranian-scientist-shahram-amiri-who-says-he-was-abducted-by-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-says-the-united-states-wanted-hi.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran_
9. [Shahram Amiri:Shahram Amiri, the Iranian nuclear scientist who says he was abducted by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, returns to Tehran. ](/news/2010/07/15/shahram-amiri-pshahram-amiri-the-iranian-nuclear-scientist-who-says-he-was-abducted-by-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-retur.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran_
10. [Shahram Amiri, the Iranian nuclear scientist allegedly abducted by the United States Central Intelligence Agency, leaves U.S. soil: Iran states it will continue to pursue the case "legally and diplomatically". ](/news/2010/07/14/shahram-amiri-the-iranian-nuclear-scientist-allegedly-abducted-by-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-leaves-u-s-soil-iran-sta.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Iran_
