### [2015-03-9](/news/2015/03/9/index.md)

# Villa Castelli helicopter collision: Two helicopters collide in mid-air in a remote area of northwestern Argentina leaving at least ten dead. Among the dead are a group of French sports stars participating in a reality-television show called "Dropped": [http://bigstory.ap.org/article/cecd6a53c4ad45a7bff911bf608ac3a5/2-helicopters-crash-northwest-argentina-10-dead (AP)], [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/southamerica/argentina/11460541/French-Olympians-filming-reality-TV-survival-show-killed-in-helicopter-crash-in-Argentina.html ("The Telegraph")], [http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-31809231 (BBC)]: gold medal swimmer: Alexis Vastine - a 2008 Summer Olympics bronze medal boxer




### Related:

1. [Danish royal consorts: Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: French-born_
2. [Crime in Argentina: A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/crime-in-argentina-a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-o.md) _Context: Argentina_
3. [Nazi plunder: A secret collection of Nazi heritage is found in Argentina. ](/news/2017/06/20/nazi-plunder-a-secret-collection-of-nazi-heritage-is-found-in-argentina.md) _Context: Argentina_
4. [A bus traveling to Chile overturns in Argentina's Mendoza Province, killing at least 19 people. ](/news/2017/02/18/a-bus-traveling-to-chile-overturns-in-argentina-s-mendoza-province-killing-at-least-19-people.md) _Context: Argentina_
5. [A 6.2 magnitude earthquake strikes northwest Argentina, near Chilecito in La Rioja Province. No reports of damages or injuries. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-northwest-argentina-near-chilecito-in-la-rioja-province-no-reports-of-damages-or-injuries.md) _Context: Argentina_
6. [Frenchman Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Scotsman Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Dutchman Ben Feringa win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their research into nanotechnology. ](/news/2016/10/5/frenchman-jean-pierre-sauvage-scotsman-sir-fraser-stoddart-and-dutchman-ben-feringa-win-the-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for-their-research-in.md) _Context: French-born_
7. [Five people are dead and five are in hospital after taking ecstasy at an Argentine version of the Time Warp Festival featuring electronic music acts. ](/news/2016/04/16/five-people-are-dead-and-five-are-in-hospital-after-taking-ecstasy-at-an-argentine-version-of-the-time-warp-festival-featuring-electronic-mu.md) _Context: Argentina_
8. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute: A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Argentina_
9. [Argentina-China relations: Argentina's coastguard says it has sunk a Chinese fishing trawler that was operating illegally within its territorial waters. The coastguard says it rescued four of the trawler's crew while others who abandoned ship were picked up by another Chinese vessel shadowing the pursuit. ](/news/2016/03/15/argentina-china-relations-argentina-s-coastguard-says-it-has-sunk-a-chinese-fishing-trawler-that-was-operating-illegally-within-its-terri.md) _Context: Argentina_
10. [The new president of Argentina, Mauricio Macri, makes a $6.5 billion cash offer to holdout creditors to settle liabilities arising out of a 2002 default. ](/news/2016/02/5/the-new-president-of-argentina-mauricio-macri-makes-a-6-5-billion-cash-offer-to-holdout-creditors-to-settle-liabilities-arising-out-of-a.md) _Context: Argentina_
