### [2007-06-18](/news/2007/06/18/index.md)

#  Nine firefighters are killed in a collapse at a furniture warehouse blaze in Charleston, South Carolina, the largest loss of firefighters in the United States in one incident since the collapse of the World Trade Center in 2001.




### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: The United States National Hurricane Center issues a tropical storm warning for parts of South Carolina as the newly upgraded Tropical Storm Bonnie, at 5 p.m. EDT about 125 miles from Charleston, South Carolina, moves northwest toward the Atlantic Coast. ](/news/2016/05/28/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-warning-for-parts-of-south-carolina-as-t.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
3. [The Oklahoma Department of Corrections says a drone carrying mobile phones, drugs, and hacksaw blades crashed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester before inmates could grab the contraband. This is fourth reported drone-attempt in the United States; the others were at prisons in Ohio, Maryland, and South Carolina. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-oklahoma-department-of-corrections-says-a-drone-carrying-mobile-phones-drugs-and-hacksaw-blades-crashed-at-the-oklahoma-state-penitent.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
4. [2015 Pulitzer Prize: The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the "The Post and Courier" of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/21/business/media/pulitzer-prize-winners-2015.html ("New York Times")]: Anthony Doerr's World War II novel "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/20/living/feat-pulitzer-prize-winners-arts-letters-2015/ (CNN)]: Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction](/news/2015/04/20/2015-pulitzer-prize-the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-pres.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
5. [American rapper DMX is arrested in South Carolina for driving with a suspended licence, and without a vehicle tag or insurance. ](/news/2013/11/5/american-rapper-dmx-is-arrested-in-south-carolina-for-driving-with-a-suspended-licence-and-without-a-vehicle-tag-or-insurance.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
6. [A man who took four firefighters hostage in Suwanee, Georgia, United States, is killed in a gun battle with police. ](/news/2013/04/10/a-man-who-took-four-firefighters-hostage-in-suwanee-georgia-united-states-is-killed-in-a-gun-battle-with-police.md) _Context: United States, firefighter_
7. [U.S. scientists plan to rotate the Confederate submarine, the "H. L. Hunley", buried in the outer harbour of Charleston, South Carolina so that they can examine it more closely. ](/news/2010/08/6/u-s-scientists-plan-to-rotate-the-confederate-submarine-the-h-l-hunley-buried-in-the-outer-harbour-of-charleston-south-carolina-so-t.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
8. [Nikki Haley wins the Republican Party primary to be the Republican candidate in the South Carolina gubernatorial election in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/22/nikki-haley-wins-the-republican-party-primary-to-be-the-republican-candidate-in-the-south-carolina-gubernatorial-election-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
9. [ US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" ](/news/2009/09/9/us-representative-joe-wilson-r-sc-interrupts-president-barack-obama-s-health-care-speech-to-the-congress-with-an-audible-shout-of-you-li.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
10. [ 2008 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http://www.theage.com.au/world/hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")]: Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-car.md) _Context: South Carolina, United States_
