### [2007-06-18](/news/2007/06/18/index.md)

#  The Comcast Center officially becomes the tallest building in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania after a topping out ceremony. 




### Related:

1. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This is the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city. ](/news/2016/06/16/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1-2.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Philadelphia_
2. [The Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, City Council approves a a 1.5-cent-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, effective January 1, 2017. This the first so-called sugary drinks tax in a major U.S. city. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-philadelphia-pennsylvania-city-council-approves-a-a-1-5-cent-per-ounce-tax-on-sugar-sweetened-and-diet-beverages-effective-january-1.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Philadelphia_
3. [Ten people are injured in a shooting at a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania block party. ](/news/2015/06/21/ten-people-are-injured-in-a-shooting-at-a-philadelphia-pennsylvania-block-party.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Philadelphia_
4. [Montgomery County, Pennsylvania shootings: A shooting spree kills six people throughout Montgomery County in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania suburbs. The suspect, Bradley William Stone, remains at large. ](/news/2014/12/15/montgomery-county-pennsylvania-shootings-a-shooting-spree-kills-six-people-throughout-montgomery-county-in-the-philadelphia-pennsylvania.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Philadelphia_
5. [Two students, a male and a female in stable condition, are each shot in the arm by an at-large gunman, who may be a student, at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania's Delaware Valley Charter School high school. ](/news/2014/01/17/two-students-a-male-and-a-female-in-stable-condition-are-each-shot-in-the-arm-by-an-at-large-gunman-who-may-be-a-student-at-philadelphia.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Philadelphia_
6. [22nd and Market building collapse. A building collapse in Philadelphia in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania kills 6, wounds 13, and traps at least 10. ](/news/2013/06/5/22nd-and-market-building-collapse-a-building-collapse-in-philadelphia-in-the-u-s-state-of-pennsylvania-kills-6-wounds-13-and-traps-at-le.md) _Context: Pennsylvania, Philadelphia_
7. [A Philadelphia-originating Learjet crashes in Carlstadt as it approached Teterboro Airport in New Jersey, killing at least two people. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-philadelphia-originating-learjet-crashes-in-carlstadt-as-it-approached-teterboro-airport-in-new-jersey-killing-at-least-two-people.md) _Context: Philadelphia_
8. [Shooting of Robert Godwin: The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
9. [Authorities in the state of Pennsylvania discover the Seoul virus, a member of the Hantavirus family, in a contained scientific breeding-facility for rats. ](/news/2017/02/17/authorities-in-the-state-of-pennsylvania-discover-the-seoul-virus-a-member-of-the-hantavirus-family-in-a-contained-scientific-breeding-fac.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
10. [2016 United States presidential election recounts: Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. ](/news/2016/12/3/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-jill-stein-the-2016-presidential-candidate-for-the-green-party-withdraws-her-lawsuit-in.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
