### [2005-03-21](/news/2005/03/21/index.md)

#  Israel has announced plans to add 3,500 homes to the Ma'ale Adummim settlement in occupied territories east of Jerusalem. Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said this would "sabotage" peace efforts. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4367787.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
2. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
3. [Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jerusalem-over-entry-restrictions-t.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
4. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
5. [A Jewish Israeli man is shot dead near Jerusalem's Western Wall after a guard mistakes him for a Palestinian militant after hearing him shout "Allahu Akbar". ](/news/2013/06/21/a-jewish-israeli-man-is-shot-dead-near-jerusalem-s-western-wall-after-a-guard-mistakes-him-for-a-palestinian-militant-after-hearing-him-shou.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
6. [Israel approves the construction of 1,100 homes in the Jewish settlement of Gilo on the outskirts of Jerusalem. ](/news/2011/09/27/israel-approves-the-construction-of-1-100-homes-in-the-jewish-settlement-of-gilo-on-the-outskirts-of-jerusalem.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Jerusalem_
7. [Israel has revealed plans to build nearly 1,300 housing units for  Jewish settlers in east Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/11/8/israel-has-revealed-plans-to-build-nearly-1-300-housing-units-for-jewish-settlers-in-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Jerusalem_
8. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
9. [ An Israeli citizen from an Israeli settlement east of Jerusalem was found murdered in Ramallah after Hamas killed the man they accused of being a member of the Shabak. ](/news/2005/09/26/an-israeli-citizen-from-an-israeli-settlement-east-of-jerusalem-was-found-murdered-in-ramallah-after-hamas-killed-the-man-they-accused-of-b.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Jerusalem_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
