### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# A new study  by scientists from 14 research institutions, that is published in the March 2016 Global Change Biology Journal, finds all U.S. forests are threatened by drought and climate change.  

Forests nationwide are feeling the heat from increasing drought and climate change, according to a study by scientists from 14 research institutions. While the effects have been most pronounced in the West, the team found virtually all US forests are now experiencing some degree of change and are vulnerable to future declines.


### Source:

1. [Nature World News](http://www.natureworldnews.com/articles/20135/20160222/climate-change-united-states-forests-threatened-study.htm)
2. [Eureka Alert](http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2016-02/du-nau022216.php)
3. [Global Change Biology](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1111/%28ISSN%291365-2486)

### Related:

1. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: drought_
2. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: climate change_
3. [An estimated 180,000 alpacas are dead due to frigid temperatures and drought in Peru. ](/news/2017/01/14/an-estimated-180-000-alpacas-are-dead-due-to-frigid-temperatures-and-drought-in-peru.md) _Context: drought_
4. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol ({{chem|C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H}}). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing {{chem|C|O|2}} in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-chem-c-o-2-a.md) _Context: climate change_
5. [The government of Malawi declares a state of emergency across the country over worsening food shortages caused by a severe drought that is affecting much of Southern Africa with about 2.8 million Malawians, or 20% of the population, facing food insecurity. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-government-of-malawi-declares-a-state-of-emergency-across-the-country-over-worsening-food-shortages-caused-by-a-severe-drought-that-is-a.md) _Context: drought_
6. [Thailand and neighbouring countries suffer from the worst drought in decades as an El Nino-induced water shortage reduces reservoirs to critical levels. ](/news/2016/03/30/thailand-and-neighbouring-countries-suffer-from-the-worst-drought-in-decades-as-an-el-nia-o-induced-water-shortage-reduces-reservoirs-to-cri.md) _Context: drought_
7. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) says greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere reached a record high in 2014 and the relentless fueling of climate change is endangering the planet for future generations. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-says-greenhouse-gas-levels-in-the-atmosphere-reached-a-record-high-in-2014-and-the-relentless-fu.md) _Context: climate change_
8. [According to a new World Bank report, climate change could drive more than 100 million people into poverty by 2030 largely due to difficulties producing crops. ](/news/2015/11/8/according-to-a-new-world-bank-report-climate-change-could-drive-more-than-100-million-people-into-poverty-by-2030-largely-due-to-difficulti.md) _Context: climate change_
9. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: climate change_
