### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# Iran-Russia relations: Iran holds talks with Russia over buying an upgraded version of the S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system. 

Iran negotiated with Russia at the weekend over buying an upgraded version of the S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system, which it requires to meet its military needs, a foreign ministry spokesman in Tehran was quoted as saying.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-iran-missiles-idUSKCN0VV0VA)

### Related:

1. [Iran-Russia relations: Russia begins deliveries of its S-300 air defense systems to Iran. ](/news/2015/12/3/iran-russia-relations-russia-begins-deliveries-of-its-s-300-air-defense-systems-to-iran.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Russia relations, Russia, S-300_
2. [Iran-Russia relations: Iran confirms that Russia will stop using its Hamadan Airbase to launch attacks in Syria, saying Russia's use of Hamadan Airbase was "temporary, based on a Russian request," and that Russian operations are "finished for now". Iranian Defence Minister Hossein Dehghan earlier criticized Russia's announcement of its use of the base in Iran, saying "There has been a kind of showing-off and inconsiderate attitude behind the announcement of this news." ](/news/2016/08/22/iran-russia-relations-iran-confirms-that-russia-will-stop-using-its-hamadan-airbase-to-launch-attacks-in-syria-saying-russia-s-use-of-ha.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-Russia relations, Russia_
3. [Russian president Vladimir Putin lifts the ban on delivery of S-300 missile air defense systems to Iran in connection to the nuclear dialogue. Israel and the United States oppose the deal on the grounds that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2015/04/13/russian-president-vladimir-putin-lifts-the-ban-on-delivery-of-s-300-missile-air-defense-systems-to-iran-in-connection-to-the-nuclear-dialogu.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, S-300_
4. [Russia announces plans to sell Iran S-300 ground-to-air missiles, stating that the new United Nations sanctions do not cover stationary air defense weaponry. ](/news/2010/06/10/russia-announces-plans-to-sell-iran-s-300-ground-to-air-missiles-stating-that-the-new-united-nations-sanctions-do-not-cover-stationary-air.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, S-300_
5. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
6. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
8. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
9. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia-Ukraine relations: Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/ukrainian-crisis-russia-ukraine-relations-russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in.md) _Context: Russia, surface-to-air missile_
10. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
