
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadvan.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadvan.json)  [XML](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadvan.xml)  

### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. 

Haryana Jat protest: The agitating members of the Jat community have been demanding their inclusion in the OBC category and thereby reservation in government jobs


### Sources:

1. [The Indian Express](http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-news-india/jat-reservation-agitation-haryana-live-updates-rohtak/)
1. [Cover Image](http://images.indianexpress.com/2016/02/khattar_jat_480.jpg?w=480)

### Changes:

1. [Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadva.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:39 (First version)_
2. [Jat reservation agitation: Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-reservation-agitation-jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorize.md) _2017-08-27 03:44:59 (Update)_
2. [Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadvan.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [According to Indian Police, at least one person is killed and up to 20 people injured during, what became violent, protests by the Jat agricultural community in Rohtak, India, for a 10 percent increase in the number of their caste quota (affirmative action). ](/news/2016/02/19/according-to-indian-police-at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-up-to-20-people-injured-during-what-became-violent-protests-by-the-jat-agric.md) _Context: Jat, reservations_
2. [Riots erupt in Panchkula and later spread to other parts of the Northern Indian state of Haryana, as well as the state of Punjab and the Indian capital of New Delhi, after a special CBI court found the Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh guilty of rape. At least 28 people have been killed and 250 others injured. ](/news/2017/08/25/riots-erupt-in-panchkula-and-later-spread-to-other-parts-of-the-northern-indian-state-of-haryana-as-well-as-the-state-of-punjab-and-the-ind.md) _Context: Haryana_
3. [The Government of India revokes the Public Health Foundation of India's registration, allegedly for foreign-funded lobbying practices. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-government-of-india-revokes-the-public-health-foundation-of-india-s-registration-allegedly-for-foreign-funded-lobbying-practices.md) _Context: Government of India_
4. [The Editors Guild of India protests the Indian Government's order to shut down Hindi news channel NDTV India for 24 hours alleging the channel's coverage of January's deadly attack on Pathankot air base revealed sensitive military secrets. NDTV denies the charges, and says it will challenge this unprecedented order. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-editors-guild-of-india-protests-the-indian-government-s-order-to-shut-down-hindi-news-channel-ndtv-india-for-24-hours-alleging-the-chann.md) _Context: Government of India_
5. [Water supply is restored to the Indian city of Delhi as repairs are made to the vital Munak canal after the Jat reservation agitation is resolved. ](/news/2016/02/23/water-supply-is-restored-to-the-indian-city-of-delhi-as-repairs-are-made-to-the-vital-munak-canal-after-the-jat-reservation-agitation-is-res.md) _Context: Jat reservation agitation_
