### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# Republican candidate Ted Cruz fires campaign spokesman Rick Tyler who posted incorrect information on Twitter about candidate Marco Rubio. 

Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said Monday he’s fired campaign communications director Rick Tyler, after his top spokesman promoted a video that wrongly depicted Florida Sen. Marco Rubio as trash-talking the Bible.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/02/22/cruz-fires-spokesman-over-inaccurate-video-accusing-rubio-of-negative-comment-about-bible/)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/02/22/cruz-fires-top-campaign-spokesman-over-rubio-bible-video.html)

### Related:

1. [Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winning-marco-rubio-coming-second-and-ted-cruz.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Marco Rubio, Republican, Ted Cruz_
2. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland.  Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far.  The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Ted Cruz_
3. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Ted Cruz_
4. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Ted Cruz_
5. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Ted Cruz_
6. [Marco Rubio wins the Puerto Rican Republican Party primary. ](/news/2016/03/6/marco-rubio-wins-the-puerto-rican-republican-party-primary.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Marco Rubio, Republican_
7. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Marco Rubio, Republican, Ted Cruz_
8. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Marco Rubio, Republican, Ted Cruz_
9. [Florida Senator Marco Rubio announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/13/florida-senator-marco-rubio-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nomination-in-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Marco Rubio, Republican_
10. [Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Ted Cruz_
