### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# Russia has announced that it will ask permission to fly unarmed surveillance planes over the United States citing the Open Skies Treaty. 




### Source:

1. [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/russia-high-tech-surveillance-plane-flights-over-us-open-skies-treaty/)

### Related:

1. [After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-recommends-expelling-35-american-dip.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
2. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreement-with-the-united-states-concerning-uranium-research.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
4. [Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer ''USS Donald Cook'' in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the ''USS Donald Cook'', taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-donald-cook-in-the-baltic-sea.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
5. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
6. [The United States expresses concern about alleged escalations of Russian military activities in Syria. ](/news/2015/09/10/the-united-states-expresses-concern-about-alleged-escalations-of-russian-military-activities-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, United States_
7. [The United States shoots down a pro-Syrian government drone that was flying toward U.S.-led coalition forces in southern Syria. There were no injuries or damage. An American official said this was first time forces supporting Damascus had attacked coalition troops, and that it came shortly after the U.S. bombed Syrian government and allied troops near the  town of Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-shoots-down-a-pro-syrian-government-drone-that-was-flying-toward-u-s-led-coalition-forces-in-southern-syria-there-were-n.md) _Context: United States_
8. [An explosive device is hurled at the United States embassy in Kiev. ](/news/2017/06/8/an-explosive-device-is-hurled-at-the-united-states-embassy-in-kiev.md) _Context: United States_
9. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts  an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international  waters of the  Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-para.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
10. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: United States_
