### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# The Maryland Court of Appeals rules the state's Public Information Act does not apply to abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/court-maryland-withhold-abortion-clinic-applicant-names-37118710)

### Related:

1. [In three states-Wisconsin, Minnesota (where an elderly person's death was reported), and Illinois-in the United States, Whole Foods Market Inc. is recalling three types of the Crave Brothers (based in Waterloo, Wisconsin) Les Freres cheese, sold in 30 states and in Washington, D.C., due to concerns that it may be contaminated with "Listeria monocytogenes", which causes listeriosis, dangerous especially to the immunocompromised and pregnant women. ](/news/2013/07/5/in-three-states-wisconsin-minnesota-where-an-elderly-person-s-death-was-reported-and-illinois-in-the-united-states-whole-foods-mark.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota_
2. [At least one person is killed and a dozen injured after a series of tornadoes hits the US states of Oklahoma, Kansas, Iowa and Illinois. ](/news/2013/05/19/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-a-dozen-injured-after-a-series-of-tornadoes-hits-the-us-states-of-oklahoma-kansas-iowa-and-illinois.md) _Context: Illinois, Kansas_
3. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota_
4. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota_
5. [Minnehaha Academy gas explosion: A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/minnehaha-academy-gas-explosion-a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff.md) _Context: Minnesota_
6. [Shooting of Justine Damond: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Minnesota_
7. [Immigration to the United States: A U.S. federal judge halts the possible deportation of Iraqi Chaldean Christian refugees until further review. ](/news/2017/07/12/immigration-to-the-united-states-a-u-s-federal-judge-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-iraqi-chaldean-christian-refugees-until-further-rev.md) _Context: federal judge_
8. [Volkswagen emissions scandal: A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-us.md) _Context: Illinois_
9. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Illinois_
10. [Gun politics in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Illinois_
