### [2016-02-22](/news/2016/02/22/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills at least 13 people and injures 19 in Afghanistan's Parwan province. The Taliban claims responsibility. 

A suicide bomber on a motorcycle killed 14 people and wounded another 11 at a clinic in Parwan, north of the Afghan capital Kabul on Monday, officials said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-blast-idUSKCN0VV1L6)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): 2015 Bagram suicide bombing: A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Parwan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban officials make an offer to protect national interests such as copper mines and an international gas pipeline to assist the development of Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/29/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-officials-make-an-offer-to-protect-national-interests-such-as-copper-mines-and-an-international.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bombing kills at least 14 people, mostly police officers, in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, as Taliban insurgents advance upon the Afghan city. ](/news/2016/10/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-kills-at-least-14-people-mostly-police-officers-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban militants storm the city of Tarinkot, the provincial capital of Afghanistan's Urozgan Province, with fighting reported on multiple fronts throughout the city. Local officials flee to the nearby Tarinkot Airport for shelter. ](/news/2016/09/8/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-storm-the-city-of-tarinkot-the-provincial-capital-of-afghanistan-s-urozgan-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban kills 12 members of Afghanistan's security forces who were captured in recent ambushes in the Ghazni Province on June 3 and 5. ](/news/2016/06/8/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-kills-12-members-of-afghanistan-s-security-forces-who-were-captured-in-recent-ambushes-in-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
