
Formats: [HTML](/news/2002/11/19/the-tanker-prestige-which-has-been-leaking-oil-off-the-north-west-coast-of-spain-for-several-days-split-into-two-at-8-o-clock-in-the-mo.html)  [JSON](/news/2002/11/19/the-tanker-prestige-which-has-been-leaking-oil-off-the-north-west-coast-of-spain-for-several-days-split-into-two-at-8-o-clock-in-the-mo.json)  [XML](/news/2002/11/19/the-tanker-prestige-which-has-been-leaking-oil-off-the-north-west-coast-of-spain-for-several-days-split-into-two-at-8-o-clock-in-the-mo.xml)  

### [2002-11-19](/news/2002/11/19/index.md)

##### Tanker
#  The tanker "Prestige", which has been leaking oil off the north-west coast of Spain for several days, split into two at 8 o'clock in the morning (0700 GMT). The vessel was reported to be about 250 km away from the Spanish coast at that time. The entire load of oil is 70,000 ton; most of it is still in the two parts of the ship; if all leaks out the resulting damage could be twice that of the Exxon Valdez disaster off the coast of Alaska in 1989. Despite efforts, the oil reached the coast. See: [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-europe-2488229.stm].




### Changes:

1. [ The tanker ''Prestige'', which has been leaking oil off the north-west coast of Spain for several days, split into two at 8 o'clock in the morning (0700 GMT). The vessel was reported to be about 250 km away from the Spanish coast at that time. The entire load of oil is 70,000 ton; most of it is still in the two parts of the ship; if all leaks out the resulting damage could be twice that of the Exxon Valdez disaster off the coast of Alaska in 1989. Despite efforts, the oil reached the coast. See: [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-europe-2488229.stm].](/news/2002/11/19/the-tanker-prestige-which-has-been-leaking-oil-off-the-north-west-coast-of-spain-for-several-days-split-into-two-at-8-o-clock-in-the.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:15 (First version)_
1. [ The tanker "Prestige", which has been leaking oil off the north-west coast of Spain for several days, split into two at 8 o'clock in the morning (0700 GMT). The vessel was reported to be about 250 km away from the Spanish coast at that time. The entire load of oil is 70,000 ton; most of it is still in the two parts of the ship; if all leaks out the resulting damage could be twice that of the Exxon Valdez disaster off the coast of Alaska in 1989. Despite efforts, the oil reached the coast. See: [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-europe-2488229.stm].](/news/2002/11/19/the-tanker-prestige-which-has-been-leaking-oil-off-the-north-west-coast-of-spain-for-several-days-split-into-two-at-8-o-clock-in-the-mo.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The Gulf of Mexico oil spill is now the worst oil spill in U.S. history, surpassing the worst previous spill, the Exxon Valdez wreck on the Alaska coast in 1989, according to scientists' latest estimates. ](/news/2010/05/27/the-gulf-of-mexico-oil-spill-is-now-the-worst-oil-spill-in-u-s-history-surpassing-the-worst-previous-spill-the-exxon-valdez-wreck-on-the.md) _Context: Alaska, Exxon Valdez_
2. [ Oil leakage from the sunken tanker "Prestige" threatens the southwestern coast of France. The prefect of Aquitaine reported a slick from the tanker is 50 kilometers (30 standard miles) from the coast. French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin promised 50 million euros for the cleanup. The "Prestige", which carried 77,000 tonnes of crude oil, sunk in late November 2002, off the coast of the Galician region of Spain.](/news/2003/01/2/oil-leakage-from-the-sunken-tanker-prestige-threatens-the-southwestern-coast-of-france-the-prefect-of-aquitaine-reported-a-slick-from-th.md) _Context: Prestige, tanker_
3. [15,000 demonstrators gather in Barcelona, Spain, to support the mock region of Tabarnia--a hypothetical area that includes the least independentist areas of Catalonia--as a way to oppose Catalan independence and the declaration of independence on October 27. ](/news/2018/03/4/15-000-demonstrators-gather-in-barcelona-spain-to-support-the-mock-region-of-tabarniaaa-hypothetical-area-that-includes-the-least-indepe.md) _Context: Spain_
4. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Gulf of Alaska. A tsunami warning is issued for coastal Alaska and British Columbia, and the entire U.S. West Coast is placed under a tsunami watch. Areas of Alaska remain under a tsunami advisory. It is tied as the sixth-largest earthquake ever recorded in the United States, but there are no reports of significant damage or fatalities. ](/news/2018/01/23/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-gulf-of-alaska-a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-for-coastal-alaska-and-british-columbia-and-the-entire.md) _Context: Alaska_
5. [Carles Puigdemont, ex-President of Catalonia, travels to Denmark while Spanish Attorney General requests the European Arrest Warrant. The Speaker of the Catalan Parliament appoints Puigdemont to be invested as President. Spain's Supreme Court refuses to reactivate the arrest warrant. ](/news/2018/01/22/carles-puigdemont-ex-president-of-catalonia-travels-to-denmark-while-spanish-attorney-general-requests-the-european-arrest-warrant-the-sp.md) _Context: Spain_
