### [2010-04-25](/news/2010/04/25/index.md)

# Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. 

Iranian foreign minister discusses fuel proposal with head of UN nuclear agency.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/04/2010425132423966484.html)
2. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=124433&sectionid=351020101)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-04/26/c_13266872.htm)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, Vienna_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, Vienna_
3. [ Inspectors from the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), arrive in Iran to inspect a newly disclosed nuclear facility near the city of Qom. ](/news/2009/10/25/inspectors-from-the-united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-arrive-in-iran-to-inspect-a-newly-disc.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
4. [ Iran announces that it is partially suspending cooperation with the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency and will no longer advise it of new steps taken in its nuclear program. ](/news/2007/03/25/iran-announces-that-it-is-partially-suspending-cooperation-with-the-united-nations-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-will-no-longer-ad.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
5. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the United Nations nuclear agency, finds undeclared components in Iran compatible with advanced uranium centrifuge designs, increasing Western concerns that it may be developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-the-united-nations-nuclear-agency-finds-undeclared-components-in-iran-compatible-with-advan.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
6. [ Iran offers to sell nuclear reactor fuel on the international market under the supervision of the United Nations nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/02/15/iran-offers-to-sell-nuclear-reactor-fuel-on-the-international-market-under-the-supervision-of-the-united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-the-inte.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
7. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
8. [ International Atomic Energy Agency: Iranian officials give signals that they do not intend to comply with a resolution passed by the United Nations's nuclear watchdog giving Tehran until the end of next month to come clean on its atomic programme. Parliamentary speaker Mehdi Karrubi, a close ally of President Mohammad Khatami, said the IAEA resolution was "political" and that "the Iranian people will not accept giving in to the logic of force."](/news/2003/09/18/international-atomic-energy-agency-iranian-officials-give-signals-that-they-do-not-intend-to-comply-with-a-resolution-passed-by-the-united.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
9. [ The Arab League submits a draft resolution to the annual General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency which calls on Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to open up its nuclear program to inspections by the United Nations. Israel's nuclear weapons program is believed have developed 100 to 200 nuclear warheads, but officially maintains a policy of "nuclear ambiguity" with support from the United States. The move by Arab nations comes in response to a Friday IAEA resolution submitted by Australia, Canada and Japan and lobbied for by the United States which asked Iran for "accelerated cooperation" and set an October 31 deadline for the country to disclose any attempts to acquire nuclear weapons.](/news/2003/09/17/the-arab-league-submits-a-draft-resolution-to-the-annual-general-conference-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-which-calls-on-israel.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
10. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
