### [2010-04-25](/news/2010/04/25/index.md)

# The Ladies in White are stopped from marching in Havana but stand silently instead. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8643346.stm)
2. [The Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/2010/04/25/1597711/cubas-ladies-in-white-march-blocked.html)

### Related:

1. [30 members of the "Ladies in White" opposition movement in Cuba are arrested at a demonstration in the capital Havana. ](/news/2010/03/17/30-members-of-the-ladies-in-white-opposition-movement-in-cuba-are-arrested-at-a-demonstration-in-the-capital-havana.md) _Context: Havana, Ladies in White_
2. [Cuba-United States relations: Two Cuban diplomats are expelled from the Embassy of Cuba in Washington, D.C., after an incident in Havana forced U.S. officials to return home. ](/news/2017/08/9/cuba-united-states-relations-two-cuban-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-embassy-of-cuba-in-washington-d-c-after-an-incident-in-havana-f.md) _Context: Havana_
3. [Canada-Cuba relations: Cuba-United States relations: The Canadian government says at least one of their diplomats in Havana has been treated for hearing loss, following up on yesterday's report that American diplomats had similar injuries. U.S. officials say the problems started in the fall of 2016. The Cuban Foreign Ministry says it was informed of the incidents in February and has been investigating since that time. ](/news/2017/08/10/canada-cuba-relations-cuba-united-states-relations-the-canadian-government-says-at-least-one-of-their-diplomats-in-havana-has-been-tre.md) _Context: Havana_
4. [Referendum: Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Havana_
5. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: Havana_
6. [Cuba-United States relations: The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter. ](/news/2016/06/10/cuba-united-states-relations-the-u-s-department-of-commerce-approves-service-by-six-commercial-airlines-from-five-u-s-cities-including.md) _Context: Havana_
7. [United States-Cuban thaw: The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/united-states-cuban-thaw-the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida.md) _Context: Havana_
8. [Cuba-United States relations: Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and allow Cuban-Americans passengers. Current Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/cuba-united-states-relations-carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if.md) _Context: Havana_
9. [British rock band The Rolling Stones performs in Havana, Cuba, playing an open-air free concert in the country, in what has been called a "historic moment." Western music used to be banned in Cuba as being "ideologically divergent." ](/news/2016/03/26/british-rock-band-the-rolling-stones-performs-in-havana-cuba-playing-an-open-air-free-concert-in-the-country-in-what-has-been-called-a-h.md) _Context: Havana_
10. [United States-Cuban Thaw: U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/united-states-cuban-thaw-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of.md) _Context: Havana_
