### [2010-04-25](/news/2010/04/25/index.md)

# Thousands of people rally in Beirut to ask for the separation of religion and state in Lebanon. 

Thousands of demonstrators demand an end to the religious-based political system.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/04/2010425172547763119.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
2. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
3. [2015 Beirut bombings. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Lebanon arrests nine people including seven Syrians over the recent Beirut bombings that killed at least 44 people. ](/news/2015/11/15/2015-beirut-bombings-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-lebanon-arrests-nine-people-including-seven-syrians-over-the-recent-beirut-bombings.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
4. [2015 Beirut bombings. A day of mourning is held in Lebanon following two suicide attacks in the capital Beirut which killed at least 43 people. ](/news/2015/11/13/2015-beirut-bombings-a-day-of-mourning-is-held-in-lebanon-following-two-suicide-attacks-in-the-capital-beirut-which-killed-at-least-43-peop.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
5. [2015 Beirut bombings:. Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-s.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
6. [Majid al-Majid, the chief of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades militant group that was accused of being responsible for a double suicide bombing in front of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, in November 2013, dies in custody in a military hospital in Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/4/majid-al-majid-the-chief-of-the-abdullah-azzam-brigades-militant-group-that-was-accused-of-being-responsible-for-a-double-suicide-bombing-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. Five people are killed and 20 wounded in a car bomb which hit a southern suburb of the Lebanese capital Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-five-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-a-car-bomb-which-hit-a-southern-suburb-of-the-lebanese-capi.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:. A car bomb explodes in the Central District of Beirut, Lebanon, killing eight people, including the former ambassador to the U.S. Mohamad Chatah, and wounding 71 others. ](/news/2013/12/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-central-district-of-beirut-lebanon-killing-eight-people-including-the.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
10. [Syrian civil war spillover in Lebanon. Iranian embassy bombings. Two suicide bombers target the Iranian embassy in the Lebanese capital Beirut killing at least 23 people. ](/news/2013/11/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-iranian-embassy-bombings-two-suicide-bombers-target-the-iranian-embassy-in-the-lebanese-capital-beir.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
