### [2012-11-9](/news/2012/11/9/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: The United Nations says 4 million people could require humanitarian aid by 2013. 

UN projects the number of people requiring humanitarian assistance in Syria could reach four million by 2013.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/11/201211962354550350.html)

### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in Syria. Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Syrian civil war. The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/syrian-civil-war-the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War. According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian peace process. Staffan de Mistura, U.N. envoy to Syria, says there has been "real but modest" progress in the country's humanitarian situation, despite the shaken ceasefire. Aid convoys have reached 560,000 people in hard-to-reach and besieged areas; six areas still remain off limits. Yesterday, the Syrian Arab Red Crescent medically evacuated 515 people from four communities-Zabadani, Madaya, Kfarya, and Foua-besieged by government and rebel groups. ](/news/2016/04/21/syrian-peace-process-staffan-de-mistura-u-n-envoy-to-syria-says-there-has-been-real-but-modest-progress-in-the-country-s-humanitarian.md) _Context: United Nations, aid_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: United Nations, aid_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian peace process. The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Syrian Civil War. United Nations investigators accuse the Government of Syria of "extermination" in its jails and detention centres. ](/news/2016/02/8/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-investigators-accuse-the-government-of-syria-of-extermination-in-its-jails-and-detention-centres.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
