### [2011-06-7](/news/2011/06/7/index.md)

# Jewish settlers are accused of attacking a mosque in the West Bank, setting alight carpets and daubing Hebrew graffiti on its walls; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu strongly condemns the act. 

MUGHAYYIR, West Bank (Reuters) - Jewish settlers were accused of attacking a mosque in the Israeli-occupied West Bank on Tuesday, setting alight carpets and daubing Hebrew graffiti on its walls.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13684157)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2011/06/07/uk-palestinians-israel-violence-idUKTRE7563YD20110607)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/NationalNews/Article.aspx?id=224060)

### Related:

1. [An additional 550 settler homes are announced by Israeli construction minister Ariel Attias in addition to the 300 new settler homes ordered yesterday by the land's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the Jewish settlement of Beit El in the West Bank.  ](/news/2012/06/7/an-additional-550-settler-homes-are-announced-by-israeli-construction-minister-ariel-attias-in-addition-to-the-300-new-settler-homes-ordered.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, West Bank_
2. [Hours after a bill to legalise settlement outposts is rejected, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders the construction of 300 new homes at the Jewish settlement of Beit El in the West Bank. ](/news/2012/06/6/hours-after-a-bill-to-legalise-settlement-outposts-is-rejected-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-the-construction-of-300-new.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, West Bank_
3. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, West Bank_
4. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to  Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-cap.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as "unacceptable interference". ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Palestinian officials dismiss Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu's speech to the US Congress, saying it will not lead to peace. ](/news/2011/05/25/palestinian-officials-dismiss-israeli-pm-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-to-the-us-congress-saying-it-will-not-lead-to-peace.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, West Bank_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu states that 10-month restrictions on the building of Israeli settlements in the West Bank will no longer apply after they expire later this month. ](/news/2010/09/12/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-states-that-10-month-restrictions-on-the-building-of-israeli-settlements-in-the-west-bank-will-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, West Bank_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama urges Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu to extend a partial construction freeze on the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/10/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-urges-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-to-extend-a-partial-construction-freeze-on-the.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, West Bank_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announces that he will oppose a conversion bill that would give the Chief Rabbinate of Israel the legal power to decide whether any conversion is legitimate and could cause immigrants who converted to Judaism abroad to be denied Israeli citizenship. ](/news/2010/07/18/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-announces-that-he-will-oppose-a-conversion-bill-that-would-give-the-chief-rabbinate-of-israel-the.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
