### [2011-06-7](/news/2011/06/7/index.md)

# The President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff accepts the resignation of her Chief-of-staff Antonio Palocci following the publication of reports that he became wealthy as a consultant while serving as a member of the National Congress of Brazil. 

Brazilian President DilmaRousseff has accepted the resignation of her chief of staffAntonio Palocci, a government source told Reuters on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/07/brazil-politics-palocci-idUSN0716906220110607)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-pre.md) _Context: Congress, Dilma Rousseff, President_
2. [2015 protests in Brazil: Tens of thousands of Brazilians protest in cities around the country to demand that Congress impeach President Dilma Rousseff. The lower house of Congress opened impeachment proceedings on 2 December 2015. ](/news/2015/12/13/2015-protests-in-brazil-tens-of-thousands-of-brazilians-protest-in-cities-around-the-country-to-demand-that-congress-impeach-president-dilm.md) _Context: Congress, Dilma Rousseff, President_
3. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
4. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
5. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
6. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
8. [Operation Car Wash: Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
9. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-bra.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President_
