### [2013-03-18](/news/2013/03/18/index.md)

# Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21835363)

### Related:

1. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
2. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute. A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute_
3. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his-s.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute, President of Argentina_
4. [The government of Argentina announces that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has cancer in her thyroid gland, and will have an operation on 4 January and step aside as president for 20 days until 24 January. ](/news/2011/12/27/the-government-of-argentina-announces-that-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-has-cancer-in-her-thyroid-gland-and-will-have-an-opera.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
5. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute:. Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. ](/news/2010/02/22/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-desire-petroleum-a-british-listed-firm-begins-drilling-for-oil-at-an-offshore-platform-within-the-t.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute_
6. [ Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, current First Lady of Argentina and candidate to become President of Argentina, announces Julio Cobos, the Governor of Mendoza Province as her running mate. ](/news/2007/08/14/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-current-first-lady-of-argentina-and-candidate-to-become-president-of-argentina-announces-julio-cobos-the.md) _Context: Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
7. [Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is indicted on corruption charges. ](/news/2016/12/27/former-president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-is-indicted-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
8. [The Vatican commission on sexual abuse announces that Peter Saunders, a sexual abuse survivor from the U.K., is suspended from commission proceedings. "I am not leaving my position," Saunders said, adding only the person who appointed him, the Pope, can dismiss him. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-vatican-commission-on-sexual-abuse-announces-that-peter-saunders-a-sexual-abuse-survivor-from-the-u-k-is-suspended-from-commission-pr.md) _Context: Britain, Pope Francis_
9. [Argentine general election, 2015. Voters in Argentina went to the polls Sunday to select a new President and legislature. The race to be Argentina's next president heads for a November 22 runoff. With 80 percent of polling places reporting, opposition, Republican Proposal (PRO) candidate Mauricio Macri, and ruling party, Justicialist Party (PJ) candidate Daniel Scioli each have 35 percent of the votes. ](/news/2015/10/25/argentine-general-election-2015-voters-in-argentina-went-to-the-polls-sunday-to-select-a-new-president-and-legislature-the-race-to-be-arg.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
10. [The investigator into the death of Argentinian prosecutor Alberto Nisman states that Nisman had drafted a request that President Cristina Fernandez be arrested for allegedly attempting to derail his investigation of the 1994 AMIA bombing that killed 85 people. ](/news/2015/02/3/the-investigator-into-the-death-of-argentinian-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-states-that-nisman-had-drafted-a-request-that-president-cristina-fe.md) _Context: Argentina, President of Argentina_
