### [2013-03-18](/news/2013/03/18/index.md)

# James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. 

HOUSTON -- An undergraduate student at the University of Central Florida apparently&nbsp; committed suicide in his dorm room, and campus evacuations were ordered after explosives, an assault rifle...


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/03/19/central-fla-student-plotted-attack-on-other-students-then-changed-mind-and/)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-university-central-florida-dorm-explosives-20130318,0,6072224.story)
2. [Cover Image](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/fb.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
2. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
3. [CENTCOM reports a U.S. service member has been killed in a IED blast near the town of Ayn Issa, Al-Raqqah Governorate, becoming the first U.S. military casualty in the conflict. ](/news/2016/11/24/centcom-reports-a-u-s-service-member-has-been-killed-in-a-ied-blast-near-the-town-of-ayn-issa-al-raqqah-governorate-becoming-the-first-u.md) _Context: U.S., improvised explosive device_
4. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
5. [The United Launch Alliance successfully launches NASA's OSIRIS-REx from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 41 in Florida. The mission is to study asteroid 101955 Bennu and in 2023 to return a sample to Earth for detailed analysis. If successful, OSIRIS-REx will be the first U.S. spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-united-launch-alliance-successfully-launches-nasa-s-osiris-rex-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-space-launch-complex-41-in-florida.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
6. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida, U.S._
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
8. [More than 200 black bears are killed in a single day in the U.S. state of Florida after state officials allow the hunting of the animals for the first time in 21 years; supporters say the aim is to cut down on the animals' surging population, but animal rights activists have criticized the hunts as cruel and ineffective. ](/news/2015/10/25/more-than-200-black-bears-are-killed-in-a-single-day-in-the-u-s-state-of-florida-after-state-officials-allow-the-hunting-of-the-animals-for.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
9. [In Florida, United States, Eric Rivera Jr. is convicted of second-degree murder in the 2007 killing of NFL Washington Redskins player Sean Taylor during a burglary. ](/news/2013/11/4/in-florida-united-states-eric-rivera-jr-is-convicted-of-second-degree-murder-in-the-2007-killing-of-nfl-washington-redskins-player-sean-t.md) _Context: Florida, U.S._
10. [An episode of the American TV show "Glee" causes controversy by featuring a school shooting scene. ](/news/2013/04/11/an-episode-of-the-american-tv-show-glee-causes-controversy-by-featuring-a-school-shooting-scene.md) _Context: U.S., school shooting_
