### [2013-03-18](/news/2013/03/18/index.md)

# Japan protests to France about the sale of DCNS helicopter landing equipment to the People's Republic of China. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5jgjUhYHyL_Azy98UJF4j01rpV-BQ)

### Related:

1. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: French, Japan, People's Republic of China_
2. [ More than 20 countries including the People's Republic of China, the United States, France, Japan, Chile and South Korea agree to work together to end bottom sea trawling. ](/news/2007/05/5/more-than-20-countries-including-the-people-s-republic-of-china-the-united-states-france-japan-chile-and-south-korea-agree-to-work-toge.md) _Context: French, Japan, People's Republic of China_
3. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: French, Japan_
4. [The leaders of the People's Republic of China, South Korea and Japan hold their first summit in three years. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-leaders-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-south-korea-and-japan-hold-their-first-summit-in-three-years.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
5. [Senkaku Islands dispute:The Government of Japan summons the ambassador from the People's Republic of China after a flotilla of Chinese ships sail near the dispute Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/04/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-pthe-government-of-japan-summons-the-ambassador-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-after-a-flotilla-of-chinese-ship.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
6. [The People's Republic of China levies anti-dumping charges on the chemical resorcinol imported from the United States and Japan. ](/news/2013/03/22/the-people-s-republic-of-china-levies-anti-dumping-charges-on-the-chemical-resorcinol-imported-from-the-united-states-and-japan.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
7. [Senkaku Islands dispute:Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera states that the country has lodged a protest with China after a People's Liberation Army Navy frigate directed weapon-targeting radar at a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer near the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/02/5/senkaku-islands-dispute-pjapanese-defense-minister-itsunori-onodera-states-that-the-country-has-lodged-a-protest-with-china-after-a-people-s.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
8. [In Amenas hostage crisis:Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-psuspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-taking.md) _Context: French, Japan_
9. [The Japanese National Police Agency reveals that 90 per cent of cyberattacks on its web site on July 10 came from Internet Protocol addresses in the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/08/26/the-japanese-national-police-agency-reveals-that-90-per-cent-of-cyberattacks-on-its-web-site-on-july-10-came-from-internet-protocol-addresse.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
10. [South Korea announces plans to submit a claim to the United Nations to a larger portion of the East China Sea in a move which is likely to be disputed by the People's Republic of China and Japan. ](/news/2011/07/3/south-korea-announces-plans-to-submit-a-claim-to-the-united-nations-to-a-larger-portion-of-the-east-china-sea-in-a-move-which-is-likely-to-b.md) _Context: Japan, People's Republic of China_
