### [2013-03-18](/news/2013/03/18/index.md)

# North Korea threatens Japan with a preemptive nuclear strike. 

WASHINGTON D.C. – North Korea today warned that Japan would &quot;not be exempt&quot; from a pre-emptive nuclear strike, following announcements by the U.S. government that it was expanding its own missile defense systems in the region. An article in the official North Korean Workers’ Party newspaper the Rodong denounced Japanese calls for “independent additional sanctions” following Pyongyang&#039;s third nuclear test in February. Japan, the article argued, is using the nuclear test as an excuse to increase its military presence in the region. &quot;It is a fatal mistake for Japan to think it is safe when a war breaks out on the Korean Peninsula,” the article warned. &quot;North Korea exercise the right to a preemptive nuclear attack to destroy the strongholds of the aggressors,” the article said, claiming that Japan is included in that &quot;stronghold.&quot; North Korean propaganda has been particularly venomous over the last week, with threats of preemptive strikes and a &quot;war-like readiness&quot; becoming an almost


### Source:

1. [NK News](http://www.nknews.org/2013/03/north-korea-threatens-japan-with-preemptive-nuclear-strike/)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
4. [Japan-North Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-north-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missile.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
6. [Japan-North Korea relations: Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capabl.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Japan puts its military on alert to shoot down any North Korean rocket that threatens it following an announcement by North Korea of a planned "Earth observation launch". ](/news/2016/02/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-puts-its-military-on-alert-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-rocket-that-threatens-it-follow.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
