### [2013-03-18](/news/2013/03/18/index.md)

# US President Barack Obama nominates Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez to be the next United States Secretary of Labor. 

UPDATE 12:09 p.m. ET President Barack Obama on Monday highlighted the professional experience as well as the background of Assistant Attorney General Tom Perez, head of the Justice Department&#x27;s Civil Rights Division, as he announced Perez&#x27;s nomination as the next secretary of labor. Obama noted


### Source:

1. [Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/ticket/obama-nominate-civil-rights-attorney-tom-perez-labor-112625823--politics.html)

### Related:

1. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
2. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet. U.S. President Donald Trump names Florida International University College of Law Dean and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-natio.md) _Context: United States Secretary of Labor, president_
3. [Barack Obama presidential pardons. The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/barack-obama-presidential-pardons-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
4. [Sudan-United States relations. President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/sudan-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-coun.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
6. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
8. [Philippines-United States relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
9. [Cuba-United States relations. President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/cuba-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-prod.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
10. [2016 G20 Hangzhou summit. U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-g20-hangzhou-summit-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syria.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
