### [2002-11-12](/news/2002/11/12/index.md)

#  Ethiopian famine: Meles Zenawi, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia is reported as saying that the famine that threatens his country could be worse than the 1984 famine. He is reported as saying that "if that was a nightmare, this will be too ghastly to contemplate", and has appealed for famine relief for Ethiopia.




### Related:

1. [State funeral of Ethiopia's long-serving Prime Minister Meles Zenawi is attended by thousands of people in Addis Ababa. ](/news/2012/09/2/state-funeral-of-ethiopia-s-long-serving-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-is-attended-by-thousands-of-people-in-addis-ababa.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
2. [Meles Zenawi, the long-term Prime Minister of Ethiopia, dies of a mystery illness after not having been seen in public for weeks. ](/news/2012/08/20/meles-zenawi-the-long-term-prime-minister-of-ethiopia-dies-of-a-mystery-illness-after-not-having-been-seen-in-public-for-weeks.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
3. [Two of Ethiopia's main opposition leaders call for a rerun of Sunday's elections won by Western-backed Meles Zenawi. They say the elections were not free and fair and that two politicians were killed by security forces. ](/news/2010/05/26/two-of-ethiopia-s-main-opposition-leaders-call-for-a-rerun-of-sunday-s-elections-won-by-western-backed-meles-zenawi-they-say-the-elections.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
4. [Partial results show Western-backed leader Meles Zenawi's party is going to win the national Ethiopian election, although there are allegations it was rigged. ](/news/2010/05/24/partial-results-show-western-backed-leader-meles-zenawi-s-party-is-going-to-win-the-national-ethiopian-election-although-there-are-allegati.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
5. [Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi says radio station the Voice of America (VOA) is promoting "destabilising propaganda" that is inciting genocide in his country. ](/news/2010/03/19/ethiopian-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-says-radio-station-the-voice-of-america-voa-is-promoting-destabilising-propaganda-that-is-inciting.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
6. [ Ethiopia's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi denounces an International Crisis Group (ICG) report that warns his country could descend into ethnic violence ahead of its first national election since a 2005 poll triggered deadly street clashes. ](/news/2009/09/17/ethiopia-s-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-denounces-an-international-crisis-group-icg-report-that-warns-his-country-could-descend-into-ethni.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
7. [ War in Somalia: Ethiopia is going to withdraw one third of its troops stationed in Somalia by Sunday January 28, 2007, Ethiopia's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi says. ](/news/2007/01/27/war-in-somalia-ethiopia-is-going-to-withdraw-one-third-of-its-troops-stationed-in-somalia-by-sunday-january-28-2007-ethiopia-s-prime-min.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
8. [ Somali Civil War: Ethiopia has made preparations for a conflict with the Islamic Courts Union, whom control much of southern Somalia, Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has told MPs. ](/news/2006/11/23/somali-civil-war-ethiopia-has-made-preparations-for-a-conflict-with-the-islamic-courts-union-whom-control-much-of-southern-somalia-prime.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
9. [ Ethiopia's prime minister Meles Zenawi tells the parliament that he had sent military trainers to help Somalia's struggling government, but had not deployed a fighting force. ](/news/2006/10/19/ethiopia-s-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-tells-the-parliament-that-he-had-sent-military-trainers-to-help-somalia-s-struggling-government-but.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
10. [ In Ethiopia, provisional results indicate that the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front of prime minister Meles Zenawi has won parliamentary majority. Opposition claims vote rigging. Final results are due June 8 ](/news/2005/05/28/in-ethiopia-provisional-results-indicate-that-the-ruling-ethiopian-people-s-revolutionary-democratic-front-of-prime-minister-meles-zenawi.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
