### [2016-02-4](/news/2016/02/4/index.md)

# European migrant crisis. The President of Finland, Sauli Niinisto, in an address to the Finnish parliament (Eduskunta), says the current flow of migrants into Europe threatens the continent's Western values and that the UN's Convention relating to the Status of Refugees is outdated, saying "All estimates predict that the flow of people will increase this year. This is challenging the ability of Western democracies to help and also challenging the very structures underlying the idea of Europe". 




### Source:

1. [Yle News](http://yle.fi/uutiset/president_niinisto_migrants_pose_challenge_to_western_values/8646204)

### Related:

1. [Finland-Russia relations. Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/finland-russia-relations-following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-th.md) _Context: President, Sauli Niinisto's, Westerners_
2. [European migrant crisis. Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/european-migrant-crisis-around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
3. [European migrant crisis. Nigerien authorities discover the bodies of 34 migrants, mostly children, left behind in the Sahara desert by people smugglers who were taking them to Algeria and then to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/16/european-migrant-crisis-nigerien-authorities-discover-the-bodies-of-34-migrants-mostly-children-left-behind-in-the-sahara-desert-by-peopl.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
4. [European migrant crisis. Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
5. [European migrant crisis. The United Nations fears that approximately 700 migrants have drowned in three Mediterranean Sea shipwrecks over the past few days. ](/news/2016/05/29/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-nations-fears-that-approximately-700-migrants-have-drowned-in-three-mediterranean-sea-shipwrecks-over-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, United Nations_
6. [Finland-Russia relations. Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-russia-relations-finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnish.md) _Context: President, Sauli Niinisto's_
7. [European migrant crisis. United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident. ](/news/2016/03/1/european-migrant-crisis-united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
8. [Austria-Greece relations. Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
9. [European migrant crisis. Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people - mostly children - drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/european-migrant-crisis-greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigrat.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
10. [European migrant crisis. Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will -start falling apart- within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/european-migrant-crisis-eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turke.md) _Context: Europe, European migrant crisis_
