### [2016-02-4](/news/2016/02/4/index.md)

# Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes on several rebel-held neighborhoods in the city of Aleppo, kills at least 21 civilians. 

At least 21 civilians, including three children, were killed Thursday in Russian strikes on rebel-held districts of Syria&#x27;s Aleppo city, a monitor said. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the strikes on six neighbourhoods of the northern city had also wounded many, and that


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo!](http://news.yahoo.com/russia-strikes-kill-21-civilians-syrias-aleppo-city-133949657.html)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-idUKKCN0VC165)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/10/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-a-rebel-official-report-that-russian-jets-have-resumed-heavy-bombing-and-in.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the battle for Aleppo_
3. [Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War. Syrian Army forces supported by Russian planes attack insurgents south of the city of Aleppo. ](/news/2015/10/16/battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-forces-supported-by-russian-planes-attack-insurg.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, the battle for Aleppo_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [ Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016). Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city.md) _Context: Aleppo, the battle for Aleppo_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights declares that "the battle for Aleppo has reached its end" with a major victory for the Syrian government. ](/news/2016/12/12/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-declares-that-the-battle-for-aleppo-has-reached-its-end-with-a-major-victory-for.md) _Context: Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the battle for Aleppo_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia_
8. [Syrian civil war. Syrian peace process. Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia_
9. [Syrian peace process. France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/syrian-peace-process-france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia_
10. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
