### [2000-07-14](/news/2000/07/14/index.md)

#  At Pine Lake in Central Alberta, a tornado tears through the Green Acres Campground killing 12 people and critically injuring more than 60.




### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2017: Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: tornado_
2. [Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28-30, 2017: The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/tornado-outbreak-and-floods-of-april-28-30-2017-the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-r.md) _Context: tornado_
3. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta_
4. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: tornado_
5. [2016 Jiangsu tornado: A tornado, accompanied by heavy rainfall and hailstones, kills at least 98 people and injures 800 in the eastern Chinese province of Jiangsu ](/news/2016/06/23/2016-jiangsu-tornado-a-tornado-accompanied-by-heavy-rainfall-and-hailstones-kills-at-least-98-people-and-injures-800-in-the-eastern-chine.md) _Context: tornado_
6. [A severe thunderstorm and tornado near Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, China, kills at least 98 people. See 2016 Jiangsu tornado. ](/news/2016/06/22/a-severe-thunderstorm-and-tornado-near-yancheng-jiangsu-province-china-kills-at-least-98-people-see-2016-jiangsu-tornado.md) _Context: tornado_
7. [2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-a.md) _Context: Alberta_
8. [2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseaso.md) _Context: Alberta_
9. [May 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/may-2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcm.md) _Context: Alberta_
10. [2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: Alberta authorities update information about the fire. About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-fire.md) _Context: Alberta_
