### [2016-01-19](/news/2016/01/19/index.md)

# OIC and Iran-Saudi relations: Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister has left Tehran for Saudi Arabia for participation in the Organization of Islamic Cooperation ministerial meeting in Jeddah which was called for by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to discuss the consequence of attack at Saudi Embassy in Tehran following the execution of Shia Muslim cleric Sheikh Nimr. 




### Source:

1. [IRIB World Service](http://english.irib.ir/news/world/west-asia/item/221643-iran-deputy-fm-to-attend-oic-meeting-in-saudi-arabia)
2. [OIC](http://www.oic-oci.org/oicv2/topic/?t_id=10815&t_ref=4253&lan=en)

### Related:

1. [Iran-Saudi Arabia relations: Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/iran-saudi-arabia-relations-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-te.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr, Tehran_
2. [Two suicide bombers detonate their explosives during a firefight with Saudi security forces in Jeddah. ](/news/2017/01/21/two-suicide-bombers-detonate-their-explosives-during-a-firefight-with-saudi-security-forces-in-jeddah.md) _Context: Jeddah, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Saudi Arabia breaks off diplomatic relations with Iran after Sheikh Nimr's execution and an attack on the Saudi embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/3/saudi-arabia-breaks-off-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-after-sheikh-nimr-s-execution-and-an-attack-on-the-saudi-embassy-in-tehran.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Tehran_
4. [Sheikh Nimr: 2011-12 Saudi Arabian protests: The Saudi Arabian government executes 47 people, including Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, a prominent Shia Muslim cleric and leader of the anti-government Shia opposition group. His execution generated negative worldwide reactions from politicians, Muslim religious figures, and Shia people. ](/news/2016/01/2/sheikh-nimr-2011-12-saudi-arabian-protests-the-saudi-arabian-government-executes-47-people-including-sheikh-nimr-al-nimr-a-prominent-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
5. [Saudi Arabia-United Kingdom relations: Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the "The Daily Telegraph", warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed. At issue is London's withdrawal from a GBP5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabia-united-kingdom-relations-saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
6. [Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court upholds the death sentence of Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, who was found guilty of sedition and other charges following his involvement in the 2011 Arab Spring Movement. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabia-s-supreme-court-upholds-the-death-sentence-of-shiite-cleric-sheikh-nimr-al-nimr-who-was-found-guilty-of-sedition-and-other-cha.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Sheikh Nimr_
7. [In Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, blogger Raif Badawi receives 50 lashes for "insulting Islam". This first punishment is part of a sentence of ten years' imprisonment and 1,000 lashes. He will receive 50 lashes a week for 19 more weeks. ](/news/2015/01/9/in-jeddah-saudi-arabia-blogger-raif-badawi-receives-50-lashes-for-insulting-islam-this-first-punishment-is-part-of-a-sentence-of-ten-ye.md) _Context: Jeddah, Saudi Arabia_
8. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: The World Health Organisation reports that 932 have died from the latest outbreak of the Ebola virus with a man reportedly dying of the disease in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia after a business trip to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/08/6/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-the-world-health-organisation-reports-that-932-have-died-from-the-latest-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-with-a.md) _Context: Jeddah, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Police in Saudi Arabia shoot dead a gunman who fired at the palace of Prince Nayef bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud in Jeddah. ](/news/2011/08/6/police-in-saudi-arabia-shoot-dead-a-gunman-who-fired-at-the-palace-of-prince-nayef-bin-abdul-aziz-al-saud-in-jeddah.md) _Context: Jeddah, Saudi Arabia_
10. [Increasing numbers of women from Saudi Arabia are running away from home, studies by the International Muslim Organization for Women and Family (IMOWF) in Jeddah say. ](/news/2010/04/18/increasing-numbers-of-women-from-saudi-arabia-are-running-away-from-home-studies-by-the-international-muslim-organization-for-women-and-fam.md) _Context: Jeddah, Saudi Arabia_
