### [2009-10-15](/news/2009/10/15/index.md)

#  Militants launch attacks on police in Lahore, the capital of Punjab province, in Pakistan, killing 31 people after a week of violence in which more than 100 people died. 

Militants launched a string of attacks in the Pakistani heartland and in the troubled northwest on Thursday, killing 31 people after a week of violence in which more than 100 people died.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE59E0GY20091015)

### Related:

1. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
2. [The funeral for murdered Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer takes place in Lahore, Pakistan. ](/news/2011/01/5/the-funeral-for-murdered-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-takes-place-in-lahore-pakistan.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives at Lahore Airport with his family members.date=December 2007. At least 1800 supporters of PML-N are detained in Punjab ahead of Nawaz Sharif's return from exile.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/25/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-former-pakistan-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-arrives-at-lahore-airport-with-his-family-members-date-dece.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
4. [ Zilla Huma Usman, minister for social welfare of Punjab province, Pakistan, is assassinated near Lahore by Mohammed Sarwar for not wearing a hijab and campaigning for women's emancipation. ](/news/2007/02/20/zilla-huma-usman-minister-for-social-welfare-of-punjab-province-pakistan-is-assassinated-near-lahore-by-mohammed-sarwar-for-not-wearing.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan. At least six people are killed in a bomb blast in the Pakistani city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/02/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-the-pakistani-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan_
6. [2017 Lahore suicide bombing. At least 13 people, including six police officers, are killed and 85 are injured after a bomb explodes at a protest rally in Lahore, Punjab. The Pakistani Taliban splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/02/13/2017-lahore-suicide-bombing-at-least-13-people-including-six-police-officers-are-killed-and-85-are-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-pro.md) _Context: Lahore, Punjab_
7. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
8. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
9. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing. A suicide bomber from a Pakistani Taliban faction kills at least 60 people and injures 300 others at a park in Lahore, Pakistan, and the group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it intentionally targeted Christians celebrating on Easter Sunday. An official says the explosion took place close to Gulshan-e-Iqbal Park's children's rides. ](/news/2016/03/27/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-from-a-pakistani-taliban-faction-kills-at-least-60-people-and-injures-300-others-at-a-park-in.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan_
10. [Pakistani authorities hang Mumtaz Qadri for his role in the murder of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011. ](/news/2016/02/29/pakistani-authorities-hang-mumtaz-qadri-for-his-role-in-the-murder-of-reformist-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-in-2011.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
