### [2009-10-15](/news/2009/10/15/index.md)

#  The U.N. General Assembly elects Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Gabon, Lebanon and Nigeria to the U.N. Security Council as non-veto-holding members. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSTRE59E44W20091015)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia executes six people for drug trafficking including foreign citizens from Brazil, Malawi, the Netherlands, Nigeria, and Vietnam. Brazil and the Netherlands withdraw their ambassadors in protest. ](/news/2015/01/18/indonesia-executes-six-people-for-drug-trafficking-including-foreign-citizens-from-brazil-malawi-the-netherlands-nigeria-and-vietnam-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Nigeria_
2. [At least 45 people drown and 60 are missing after a boat carrying Nigerian migrants capsizes and sinks off shore from Libreville, Gabon. ](/news/2013/03/21/at-least-45-people-drown-and-60-are-missing-after-a-boat-carrying-nigerian-migrants-capsizes-and-sinks-off-shore-from-libreville-gabon.md) _Context: Gabon, Nigeria_
3. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:In Nigeria six foreign workers, of which one Italian, one Greek and two Lebanese, are kidnapped in a construction site, one security guard is killed. ](/news/2013/02/17/nigerian-sharia-conflict-pin-nigeria-six-foreign-workers-of-which-one-italian-one-greek-and-two-lebanese-are-kidnapped-in-a-construction.md) _Context: Lebanon, Nigeria_
4. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Gabon_
5. [Gunmen kill 11 worshipers in St Phillip's Catholic Church in the town of Ozubulu in Nigeria's Anambra State. ](/news/2017/08/6/gunmen-kill-11-worshipers-in-st-phillip-s-catholic-church-in-the-town-of-ozubulu-in-nigeria-s-anambra-state.md) _Context: Nigeria_
6. [A cease-fire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-cease-fire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [Three suicide bombers kill 27 people and wound 83 near Maiduguri, Nigeria. ](/news/2017/08/15/three-suicide-bombers-kill-27-people-and-wound-83-near-maiduguri-nigeria.md) _Context: Nigeria_
8. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Nigeria_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil_
