### [2009-10-15](/news/2009/10/15/index.md)

#  Three of the five members of the Norwegian Nobel Committee initially argued against awarding U.S. President Barack Obama the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gOy7GLcrP7iQja3yU5Zu4BHMqFdw)
2. [Primary source: Verdens Gang](http://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/artikkel.php?artid=569016)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Barack Obama accepts the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2009/12/10/u-s-president-barack-obama-accepts-the-2009-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: 2009 Nobel Peace Prize, Barack Obama, Norway_
2. [ U.S. president Barack Obama wins the Nobel Peace Prize "for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples."  ](/news/2009/10/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-wins-the-nobel-peace-prize-afor-his-extraordinary-efforts-to-strengthen-international-diplomacy-and-cooperati.md) _Context: 2009 Nobel Peace Prize, Barack Obama_
3. [ Members of the Norwegian Nobel Peace Prize jury speak out in defense of selecting U.S. President Barack Obama for the award. ](/news/2009/10/13/members-of-the-norwegian-nobel-peace-prize-jury-speak-out-in-defense-of-selecting-u-s-president-barack-obama-for-the-award.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Norway_
4. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Norway_
5. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an  offshore prospect,  in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Norway_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
