### [2016-09-11](/news/2016/09/11/index.md)

# Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The communication channel of the Philippine government is under scrutiny after an apparent whitewash and historical revisionism of the abuses of the Marcos dictatorship. 

(3rd UPDATE) The communication channel of the Philippine government is accused of rewriting history and downplaying the dark days of Martial Law under Ferdinand Marcos


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/145920-philippines-official-gazette-ferdinand-marcos-photo-historical-revisionism)

### Related:

1. [Martial law in the Philippines. The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines_
2. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion. The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines_
3. [Human Rights Day. In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/human-rights-day-in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-phili.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Philippines_
4. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Philippines_
5. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-h.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Martial law in the Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War. Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines_
7. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-phil.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos_
8. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Earthquakes in 2017. Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-and-resort-in-palawan-philip.md) _Context: Philippines_
