### [2008-01-14](/news/2008/01/14/index.md)

#  The Taliban attacks the Serena Hotel in Kabul, resulting in the deaths of at least six people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5i8dGftYb0s4XWdUMRdIVs3vh1CKAD8U5Q5H85)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): At least 16 people were killed and 40 more wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliba.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Two successive suicide bombers on foot kill at least 24 people and injure 91 others, including senior security and police officials, after striking close to the Afghan Ministry of Defence in Kabul. The Taliban claims responsibility by disclosing the death of 58 officers and commanders. Another bombing took place not long after. ](/news/2016/09/5/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-successive-suicide-bombers-on-foot-kill-at-least-24-people-and-injure-91-others-including-senior-s.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban claims responsibility for a truck bombing in a military complex in Kabul. ](/news/2016/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-truck-bombing-in-a-military-complex-in-kabul.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): April 2016 Kabul attack: The death toll from yesterday's Taliban attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul rises to 64, with 347 others wounded, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2016-kabul-attack-the-death-toll-from-yesterday-s-taliban-attack-on-the-national-directorate-of.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan: April 2016 Kabul attack: A large explosion is reported in the Afghan capital Kabul a week after the Taliban declared the start of their annual spring offensive. The target was an Afghan government security compound with at least 28 people reported killed and more than 200 others injured. ](/news/2016/04/19/war-in-afghanistan-april-2016-kabul-attack-a-large-explosion-is-reported-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-a-week-after-the-taliban-declared-the.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanis.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban suicide bomb attack outside a police office in central Kabul kills at least 9 people. ](/news/2016/02/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-a-police-office-in-central-kabul-kills-at-least-9-people.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A car bomb near Kabul's Hamid Karzai International Airport, that was targeting a NATO convoy passing through the area, kills one civilian and injures 33 others. The Taliban claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/12/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-car-bomb-near-kabul-s-hamid-karzai-international-airport-that-was-targeting-a-nato-convoy-passing-th.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban claims responsibility for a car bomb attack near the Spanish embassy in Kabul. At least one Spanish security officer is killed. ](/news/2015/12/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-car-bomb-attack-near-the-spanish-embassy-in-kabul-at-least-one.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
