### [2016-06-28](/news/2016/06/28/index.md)

# Ataturk Airport attack: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. 

A suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul airport kills 41 people, at least 13 of them foreign nationals, and injures more than 230.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Toronto Star](https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2016/06/28/explosions-rock-istanbul-airport-say-turkish-officials.html)
2. [AP](http://www.bigstory.ap.org/article/4f2da830f3dc423e92d07e89623bca52/suicide-blasts-kill-dozens-istanbul-airport)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36658187)
4. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/istanbul-airport-attack-several-killed-in-explosions/news-story/b4e50bc0f121945dcba758ac1b2fe24f)
5. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/28/turkey-airport-explosions-ataturak-istanbul)

### Related:

1. [PKK rebellion: Turkey-ISIL conflict: A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [Turkey-ISIL conflict: A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkey-isil-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziant.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
3. [Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linke.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [Syria-United States relations: Turkey-United States relations: Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
8. [Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish Armed Forces claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
9. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
