### [2016-06-28](/news/2016/06/28/index.md)

# Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. 

Opposition says the sum was too low but was still a damning indictment of the president


### Source:

1. [Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-of-public-funds-sa-treasury-116062701099_1.html)
2. [Gulf News](http://gulfnews.com/news/africa/south-africa/zuma-told-to-pay-back-500-000-in-public-funds-1.1853930)

### Related:

1. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South African Constitutional Court_
2. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South African Constitutional Court_
3. [Corruption in South Africa. President Jacob Zuma survives his eighth no-confidence motion in parliament via a 198-177 secret ballot vote with nine abstentions. The rand fell by 1 percent on the announcement of the outcome. ](/news/2017/08/8/corruption-in-south-africa-president-jacob-zuma-survives-his-eighth-no-confidence-motion-in-parliament-via-a-198-177-secret-ballot-vote-w.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
4. [Corruption in South Africa. The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/corruption-in-south-africa-the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-pr.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
5. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
6. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
7. [The Constitutional Court of South Africa delivered a unanimous judgement that President Jacob Zuma and the National Assembly failed to uphold the country's constitution by ignoring the findings of the Public Protector regarding public expenditure on Zuma's private homestead. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-constitutional-court-of-south-africa-delivered-a-unanimous-judgement-that-president-jacob-zuma-and-the-national-assembly-failed-to-uphol.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South African Constitutional Court_
8. [Corruption in South Africa. President Jacob Zuma survives a no-confidence vote in the South African Parliament in response to corruption allegations against him. ](/news/2016/03/1/corruption-in-south-africa-president-jacob-zuma-survives-a-no-confidence-vote-in-the-south-african-parliament-in-response-to-corruption-all.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
9. [Jacob Zuma is sworn in for a second term as President of South Africa following his recent election victory. ](/news/2014/05/24/jacob-zuma-is-sworn-in-for-a-second-term-as-president-of-south-africa-following-his-recent-election-victory.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
10. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
