### [2016-06-28](/news/2016/06/28/index.md)

# Suspected ISIL militants attack  Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. 

A suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul airport kills 41 people, at least 13 of them foreign nationals, and injures more than 230.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Toronto Star](https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2016/06/28/explosions-rock-istanbul-airport-say-turkish-officials.html)
2. [AP](http://www.bigstory.ap.org/article/4f2da830f3dc423e92d07e89623bca52/suicide-blasts-kill-dozens-istanbul-airport)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36658187)
4. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/istanbul-airport-attack-several-killed-in-explosions/news-story/b4e50bc0f121945dcba758ac1b2fe24f?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A%20TheAustralianNewsNDM%20(The%20Australian%20%7C%20News%20%7C))
5. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/28/turkey-airport-explosions-ataturak-istanbul)

### Related:

1. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Islamic State, Prime Minister of Turkey, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
2. [A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-during-a-police-raid.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
3. [Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linked-to-the-islamic-state-g.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
4. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey_
5. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey_
7. [Turkish Armed Forces  claim that an Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant rocket attack on Turkish-backed Syrian rebel forces caused symptoms of chemical weapons in 22 soldiers. ](/news/2016/11/27/turkish-armed-forces-claim-that-an-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-rocket-attack-on-turkish-backed-syrian-rebel-forces-caused-symptoms.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
8. [Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrikes-in-three-recently-captured-from-isil-villages-west-of.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey_
9. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey_
10. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Islamic State, Turkey_
