### [2016-06-28](/news/2016/06/28/index.md)

# Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with 44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. 

German automaker Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) will pay as much as $15.3 billion after admitting it cheated on U.S. diesel emissions tests for years, agreeing to buy back vehicles from consumers and provide funding that could benefit makers of cleaner technologies.


### Source:

1. [Nasdaq](http://www.nasdaq.com/article/vw-is-set-for-near15-billion-emissions-settlement-20160628-00272)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-volkswagen-emissions-settlement-idUSKCN0ZD2S5)
2. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160629&t=2&i=1143325528&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC5Q1OH)

### Related:

1. [A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-used-emission-defeat-devices-in.md) _Context: Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
2. [Volkswagen and United States officials agree in principle on a deal where the automaker could buy back up to 500,000 diesel cars. ](/news/2016/04/20/volkswagen-and-united-states-officials-agree-in-principle-on-a-deal-where-the-automaker-could-buy-back-up-to-500-000-diesel-cars.md) _Context: Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
3. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: District of Columbia, EU_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
5. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
6. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
7. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
8. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Senator John McCain says the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
