### [2008-05-8](/news/2008/05/8/index.md)

#  2008 unrest in Lebanon: Gunbattles erupt in Beirut as the government of Lebanon cracks down on Hezbollah. Two people are killed and eight injured in the fighting. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.afp.com/english/news/stories/newsmlmmd.1a3b48ed004c1b8592bea826af11b90e.2b1.html)
2. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hH1zkKQaq5vxVnUhLM8qbhxMb9VAD90HKPIG0)

### Related:

1. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
2. [2015 Beirut bombings:: Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-s.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
3. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:: A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
4. [A Lebanese man protesting against Hezbollah's role in the Syrian civil war is shot dead outside the Iranian embassy in Beirut. ](/news/2013/06/9/a-lebanese-man-protesting-against-hezbollah-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-is-shot-dead-outside-the-iranian-embassy-in-beirut.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
5. [ 2008 unrest in Lebanon:: Hezbollah gains control of large sections of Beirut as a pro-government television station is forced off the air. ](/news/2008/05/9/2008-unrest-in-lebanon-hezbollah-gains-control-of-large-sections-of-beirut-as-a-pro-government-television-station-is-forced-off-the-air.md) _Context: 2008 unrest in Lebanon, Beirut, Hezbollah_
6. [ 2008 unrest in Lebanon:: The Prime Minister of Lebanon Fuad Saniora accuses Hezbollah of staging "an armed coup" against Lebanon. ](/news/2008/05/10/2008-unrest-in-lebanon-the-prime-minister-of-lebanon-fuad-saniora-accuses-hezbollah-of-staging-an-armed-coup-against-lebanon.md) _Context: 2008 unrest in Lebanon, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
7. [ Hezbollah members demonstrate their opposition to the Siniora administration in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2006/12/1/hezbollah-members-demonstrate-their-opposition-to-the-siniora-administration-in-beirut-lebanon.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [ Syrian civil war: Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-in.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
