### [2008-05-8](/news/2008/05/8/index.md)

#  Latvia and Lithuania become the latest EU member states to ratify the Treaty of Lisbon. 

Lithuania&#39;s parliament has ratified the European Union&#39;s Lisbon Treaty.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2008/0508/eulisbon.html)

### Related:

1. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join.  Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-e.md) _Context: European Union, Latvia, Lithuania_
2. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25.  The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: European Union, Latvia, Lithuania_
3. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
4. [European Union leaders agree to reform of the Treaty of Lisbon to keep member states budget deficits in line at a two-day summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2010/10/29/european-union-leaders-agree-to-reform-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-to-keep-member-states-budget-deficits-in-line-at-a-two-day-summit-in-brussels.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
5. [A report into the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon is published, indicating reasons why people voted for and against the European Union treaty, which the Government eventually ratified successfully after much effort. ](/news/2010/10/2/a-report-into-the-second-irish-referendum-on-the-treaty-of-lisbon-is-published-indicating-reasons-why-people-voted-for-and-against-the-euro.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
6. [The Latvian Defense Ministry said four NATO fighter jets from the Lithuanian Air Force Base near Siauliai were deployed when two Russian bombers flying in the neutral airspace almost entered Latvian air space. ](/news/2010/10/18/the-latvian-defense-ministry-said-four-nato-fighter-jets-from-the-lithuanian-air-force-base-near-a-iauliai-were-deployed-when-two-russian-bo.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
7. [ Lithuania shuts the Baltic region's one and only nuclear power station in Visaginas.  The Lithuanian nuclear power station provides 70% of the nation's energy and was traded for membership to the European Union. ](/news/2009/12/31/lithuania-shuts-the-baltic-region-s-one-and-only-nuclear-power-station-in-visaginas-the-lithuanian-nuclear-power-station-provides-70-of.md) _Context: European Union, Lithuania_
8. [ The Treaty of Lisbon enters into force: The European Union now has legal personality and has acquired the competences previously conferred on the European Community. Community law therefore becomes European Union law. ](/news/2009/12/1/the-treaty-of-lisbon-enters-into-force-p-the-european-union-now-has-legal-personality-and-has-acquired-the-competences-previously-conferred.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
9. [ European Union / Three new positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon: The Prime Minister of Belgium, Herman Van Rompuy, is chosen as the first permanent President of the European Council by European Union leaders. ](/news/2009/11/19/european-union-three-new-positions-created-by-the-treaty-of-lisbon-p-the-prime-minister-of-belgium-herman-van-rompuy-is-chosen-as-the-f.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
10. [ Treaty of Lisbon: Ireland approves the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon by a margin of 67.1% to 32.9% in a second referendum. ](/news/2009/10/3/treaty-of-lisbon-p-ireland-approves-the-european-unionas-treaty-of-lisbon-by-a-margin-of-67-1-to-32-9-in-a-second-referendum.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
