### [2007-09-20](/news/2007/09/20/index.md)

#  The New York Police Department denies a request by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Ground Zero of the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/09/20/france.iran/index.html)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1189411455013&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton exchange criticism of each other's countries nuclear policies at the opening of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty Review Conference at the United Nations Headquarters in New York. ](/news/2010/05/3/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-exchange-criticism-of-each-otheras-countries-nu.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, New York City, President_
2. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2009/09/22/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-heads-for-new-york-to-attend-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, New York City, President_
3. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks at Columbia University stating that Americans should look into "who was truly involved" in the September 11, 2001 attacks, defending his right to denial of the Holocaust, and denying the existence of gay Iranians. ](/news/2007/09/24/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-speaks-at-columbia-university-stating-that-americans-should-look-into-who-was-truly-involved-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, September 11, 2001 attacks_
4. [Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad faces sentences on seven verdicts of misusing billions of dollars in government funds while in office, the Supreme Audit Court public prosecutor said. If confirmed, Ahmadinejad will be barred from public office for seven years. ](/news/2017/07/30/former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-faces-sentences-on-seven-verdicts-of-misusing-billions-of-dollars-in-government-funds-while-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
5. [Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad registers to run in next month's election for a non-consecutive third term, according to state media. ](/news/2017/04/12/former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-registers-to-run-in-next-month-s-election-for-a-non-consecutive-third-term-according-to-state.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
6. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: Ground Zero, New York City_
7. [Former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declines to run for a third term in the upcoming election. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has previously advised Ahmadinejad to not seek the presidency next year. ](/news/2016/09/27/former-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-declines-to-run-for-a-third-term-in-the-upcoming-election-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-has-previously-advise.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
8. [In Queens Village, a part of the New York City borough of Queens, 25-year-old New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Brian Moore is shot in the head through the cheek while on patrol with his partner, Erik Jansen, who was uninjured, according to NYPD Police Commissioner William Bratton. The officer was placed in an induced coma at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, but his condition eventually deteriorated, and he died on Monday, May 4, 2015, after being taken off of life support. Demetrius Blackwell, 35, is charged with first-degree murder in the case. ](/news/2015/05/2/in-queens-village-a-part-of-the-new-york-city-borough-of-queens-25-year-old-new-york-police-department-nypd-officer-brian-moore-is-shot.md) _Context: New York City, New York Police Department_
9. [The New York Police Department (NYPD) states that preliminary tests indicate ricin was present in letters that were sent to the office of New York City Mayor and media mogul Michael Bloomberg, and to the office of the Director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns. ](/news/2013/05/29/the-new-york-police-department-nypd-states-that-preliminary-tests-indicate-ricin-was-present-in-letters-that-were-sent-to-the-office-of-ne.md) _Context: New York City, New York Police Department_
10. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
