### [2007-09-20](/news/2007/09/20/index.md)

#  The Election Commission of Pakistan sets October 6, 2007 as the date for the Presidential Election. 




### Related:

1. [A Pakistani election tribunal comprising judges of the Lahore High Court declares former Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf ineligible for contesting the upcoming general election. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-pakistani-election-tribunal-comprising-judges-of-the-lahore-high-court-declares-former-prime-minister-raja-pervez-ashraf-ineligible-for-co.md) _Context: Pakistan, election_
2. [2013 in Pakistan:: Tens of thousands gather in Lahore as Pakistan's cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan launches an election bid for the country's general elections in May 2013. ](/news/2013/03/24/2013-in-pakistan-tens-of-thousands-gather-in-lahore-as-pakistan-s-cricketer-turned-politician-imran-khan-launches-an-election-bid-for-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, election_
3. [ President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf files nomination for the upcoming Pakistan Presidential Election to be held on October 6, 2007 election without his army rank. ](/news/2007/09/27/president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-files-nomination-for-the-upcoming-pakistan-presidential-election-to-be-held-on-october-6-2007-elect.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani presidential election, Pakistan_
4. [Religion in Pakistan: Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: Pakistan_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan: August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing: A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan: Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
7. [Charra Pani cable car accident: At least twelve people die and two others are injured after a cable car falls nearly 500 feet into a ditch in Charra Pani, Galyat, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/29/charra-pani-cable-car-accident-at-least-twelve-people-die-and-two-others-are-injured-after-a-cable-car-falls-nearly-500-feet-into-a-ditch-i.md) _Context: Pakistan_
8. [2017 Bahawalpur explosion: Over 150 people die and dozens are injured, many critically, when an oil tanker truck overturns and explodes as people from surrounding villages gather around the truck to collect the spilling oil. The accident happened in Bahawalpur, eastern Pakistan. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-bahawalpur-explosion-over-150-people-die-and-dozens-are-injured-many-critically-when-an-oil-tanker-truck-overturns-and-explodes-as-p.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [Insurgency in Balochistan: Gunmen open fire on construction workers at Gwadar Port, Pakistan, killing at least 10 people. The Balochistan Liberation Army claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/13/insurgency-in-balochistan-gunmen-open-fire-on-construction-workers-at-gwadar-port-pakistan-killing-at-least-10-people-the-balochistan-li.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [Sistan and Baluchestan insurgency: At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/sistan-and-baluchestan-insurgency-at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-pro.md) _Context: Pakistan_
