### [2011-06-13](/news/2011/06/13/index.md)

# 2011 Zengcheng riot: Police in Xintang Town, Zengcheng, Guangzhou area, Guangdong, fire tear gas and use armoured vehicles on workers, including Sichuan migrant workers protesting what they consider the abuse of a pregnant Sichuanese colleague by security guards, after protesters flipped over and burned police vehicles. 

Hundreds of Chinese migrant workers clash with police for a third consecutive night over the alleged mistreatment of a pregnant street vendor.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13746989)
2. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/la-fg-china-riot-pictures,0,4800764.photogallery)
3. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/cndy/2011-06/13/content_12679447.htm)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/13/us-china-labour-unrest-idUSTRE75C0KM20110613)
5. [The Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jBOAsw4XxYXQ4jVlyITeHQgWhoLw)

### Related:

1. [ The Kuomintang's 34-member delegation led by KMT Vice Chairman Chiang Pin-kun arrives on a landmark official visit to mainland China, the first since the end of Chinese Civil War in 1949. On their first day, the delegates pay homage at the Mausoleum of the 72 Martyrs in Huanghuagang (Yellow Flower Knoll), Guangzhou in the province of Guangdong. ](/news/2005/03/28/the-kuomintang-s-34-member-delegation-led-by-kmt-vice-chairman-chiang-pin-kun-arrives-on-a-landmark-official-visit-to-mainland-china-the-f.md) _Context: Guangdong province, Guangzhou_
2. [Protesters in Brazil hold a violent demonstration against a proposed public spending cap in the capital Brasilia. Police used tear gas and rubber bullets in order to disperse the demonstrators. ](/news/2016/11/29/protesters-in-brazil-hold-a-violent-demonstration-against-a-proposed-public-spending-cap-in-the-capital-brasilia-police-used-tear-gas-and-r.md) _Context: tear gas_
3. [Wukan protests, 2016's events :Thousands of people  are reported to have spontaneously marched in  southern China's village of Wukan in Guangdong province over the arrest of the village's democratically elected leader, 70-year-old  Lin Zuluan, who had been planning meetings and  protests about corruption, illegal land grabs, and the government's failure to return land to the people, per the 2011 agreement. ](/news/2016/06/19/wukan-protests-2016-s-events-pthousands-of-people-are-reported-to-have-spontaneously-marched-in-southern-china-s-village-of-wukan-in-gua.md) _Context: Guangdong province_
4. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: Guangdong province_
5. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: Sichuan_
6. [Turkish police fire tear gas at protesters outside the Istanbul headquarters of the ''Zaman'' newspaper which has been taken over by the Turkish government. ](/news/2016/03/5/turkish-police-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-outside-the-istanbul-headquarters-of-the-zaman-newspaper-which-has-been-taken-over-by-the-tur.md) _Context: tear gas_
7. [Wei Hong is removed as the Governor of China's Sichuan province due to perceived disloyalty to the Communist Party. ](/news/2016/02/5/wei-hong-is-removed-as-the-governor-of-china-s-sichuan-province-due-to-perceived-disloyalty-to-the-communist-party.md) _Context: Sichuan_
8. [Macedonian police use tear gas after hundreds of migrants frustrated with long delays broke a gate on the border with Greece and temporarily cross the border. ](/news/2016/02/29/macedonian-police-use-tear-gas-after-hundreds-of-migrants-frustrated-with-long-delays-broke-a-gate-on-the-border-with-greece-and-temporarily.md) _Context: tear gas_
9. [Kosovo opposition lawmakers twice disrupt today's session of parliament by tossing tear gas into the chamber to protest recent changes giving the country's Serb minority greater powers, and demanding the government's resignation and  snap elections. ](/news/2016/02/19/kosovo-opposition-lawmakers-twice-disrupt-today-s-session-of-parliament-by-tossing-tear-gas-into-the-chamber-to-protest-recent-changes-givin.md) _Context: tear gas_
10. [Human rights activists claim that three pro-democracy advocates have been sentenced to up to five years imprisonment on charges of attempting to overthrow the Communist Party government in Guangzhou. ](/news/2016/01/29/human-rights-activists-claim-that-three-pro-democracy-advocates-have-been-sentenced-to-up-to-five-years-imprisonment-on-charges-of-attemptin.md) _Context: Guangzhou_
