### [2011-06-13](/news/2011/06/13/index.md)

# A report by an independent panel of experts has recommended the British government rethink its controversial plans for reform of the National Health Service in England. 

The NHS plans for England need a major re-write to ensure the best interests of patients are protected, an independent review says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-13751708)

### Related:

1. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: NHS_
2. [The UK's Department of Health appoints former barrister Kate Lampard to head an NHS inquiry into alleged activities by the broadcaster Jimmy Savile at various hospitals at which he was involved. ](/news/2012/10/17/the-uk-s-department-of-health-appoints-former-barrister-kate-lampard-to-head-an-nhs-inquiry-into-alleged-activities-by-the-broadcaster-jimmy.md) _Context: NHS_
3. [Britain's Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg announces that plans to reform the House of Lords will be abandoned after his party's coalition partners, the Conservatives, failed to support the proposals. The Lib Dems will also not support Conservative plans to reduce the number of MPs in the House of Commons. ](/news/2012/08/6/britain-s-deputy-prime-minister-and-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-nick-clegg-announces-that-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-will-be-ab.md) _Context: the coalition_
4. [It is reported that UK Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith's department has made a formal complaint to the BBC over claims of anti-Government bias, as Duncan Smith himself attacks the Corporation in a ''Mail on Sunday'' article for what he perceives to be its negative stance towards the coalition. ](/news/2012/08/19/it-is-reported-that-uk-work-and-pensions-secretary-iain-duncan-smith-s-department-has-made-a-formal-complaint-to-the-bbc-over-claims-of-anti.md) _Context: the coalition_
5. [The UK's coalition government drops plans for a crucial House of Commons vote on its plans to reform the House of Lords after it faced likely defeat over the issue with as many as 100 Conservative MPs planning to oppose the plans. ](/news/2012/07/10/the-uk-s-coalition-government-drops-plans-for-a-crucial-house-of-commons-vote-on-its-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-after-it-faced-likel.md) _Context: the coalition_
6. [Hinchingbrooke Hospital in the English county of Cambridgeshire becomes the first NHS hospital to be run by a private firm. Healthcare partnership Circle has been awarded a ten-year contract, and will take over administration of the hospital &ndash; which has heavy financial debts &ndash; in February 2012. ](/news/2011/11/10/hinchingbrooke-hospital-in-the-english-county-of-cambridgeshire-becomes-the-first-nhs-hospital-to-be-run-by-a-private-firm-healthcare-partn.md) _Context: NHS_
7. [The British Government launches a new e-petition website to encourage the public to prompt parliamentary debate on topics they feel are important. Several petitions concern proposals for and against restoring the death penalty, last used in the UK in 1964.](/news/2011/08/4/the-british-government-launches-a-new-e-petition-website-to-encourage-the-public-to-prompt-parliamentary-debate-on-topics-they-feel-are-impo.md) _Context: the coalition_
8. [An e-petition calling for the British Government to release of Cabinet documents relating to the Hillsborough disaster collects 100,000 signatures - enough for MPs to consider a House of Commons debate on the matter. It is the first government e-petition to reach the target. ](/news/2011/08/23/an-e-petition-calling-for-the-british-government-to-release-of-cabinet-documents-relating-to-the-hillsborough-disaster-collects-100-000-sign.md) _Context: the coalition_
9. [The UK government will introduce emergency legislation designed to reverse a controversial judgement on police bail for debate in the House of Commons on Thursday. ](/news/2011/07/4/the-uk-government-will-introduce-emergency-legislation-designed-to-reverse-a-controversial-judgement-on-police-bail-for-debate-in-the-house.md) _Context: the coalition_
10. [The UK Government states its intention to support a Labour Party motion in the House of Commons calling for the withdrawal of News Corporation's bid to take over BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/12/the-uk-government-states-its-intention-to-support-a-labour-party-motion-in-the-house-of-commons-calling-for-the-withdrawal-of-news-corporati.md) _Context: the coalition_
