### [2011-06-13](/news/2011/06/13/index.md)

# Israel's deputy foreign minister Danny Ayalon tells public radio that he wants re-elected Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan to block what Ayalon considers a "provocative flotilla" of activists bound for Gaza "entering dangerous zones". 




### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2011/06/13/153064.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
2. [In response to Israeli air strikes on Syria, Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Israel's government is waging "state terrorism". ](/news/2013/02/3/in-response-to-israeli-air-strikes-on-syria-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-israel-s-government-is-waging-state-terror.md) _Context: Israel, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan responds to Avigdor Liberman's recent controversial comments about Turkey by advising Israel to replace him with another person in his role as foreign minister. Editorials in right and left-wing Israeli newspapers also call for Liberman to be sacked after his comments offended Israel's Turkish counterparts. ](/news/2011/01/13/prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-responds-to-avigdor-liberman-s-recent-controversial-comments-about-turkey-by-advising-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over-t.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
8. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/05/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-formally-approves-his-ally-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-as-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
