### [2011-06-13](/news/2011/06/13/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. 

Mr. Netanyahu says such democratic elections were &quot;something to welcome&quot; in the region


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article2101722.ece)

### Related:

1. [Israel-Turkey relations:: Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-turkey-relations-israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israeli Prime Minister, Turkey_
2. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Mediterranean Sea, Turkey, international waters_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israeli Prime Minister, Turkey_
4. [Israel-Turkey relations: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israel-turkey-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Freedom Flotilla II: The international flotilla sets sail one year after the deadly raid on a previous flotilla by Israeli commandos in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/29/freedom-flotilla-ii-the-international-flotilla-sets-sail-one-year-after-the-deadly-raid-on-a-previous-flotilla-by-israeli-commandos-in-inte.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Mediterranean Sea, international waters_
6. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. ](/news/2010/08/9/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-floti.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Two Spanish activists and a journalist arrested in an Israeli raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla file charges against Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2010/07/24/two-spanish-activists-and-a-journalist-arrested-in-an-israeli-raid-on-a-gaza-bound-flotilla-file-charges-against-israel-s-prime-minister-ben.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Two Spaniards and a journalist sue Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, plus other Israeli ministers and officials, as a result of the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/23/two-spaniards-and-a-journalist-sue-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-plus-other-israeli-ministers-and-officials-as-a-result-of-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister, Turkey_
10. [Politics of Israel: The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/politics-of-israel-the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
