### [2011-06-13](/news/2011/06/13/index.md)

# Rep Michele Bachmann announces mid-debate that she will seek the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. 

 Rep. Michele Bachmann will seek the Republican presidential nomination, she announced Monday evening during CNN&amp;#146;s GOP presidential debate in New Hampshire.


### Source:

1. [Roll Call](http://www.rollcall.com/news/michele_bachmann_jumps_into_presidential_race_2012-206448-1.html)

### Related:

1. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
4. [115th United States Congress. The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, president_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-presiden.md) _Context: Republican, president_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for.md) _Context: Republican, president_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin.md) _Context: Republican, president_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. Former Governor of New York, George Pataki, ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2015/12/29/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-former-governor-of-new-york-george-pataki-ends.md) _Context: Republican, president_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-ca.md) _Context: Republican, president_
