### [2011-06-13](/news/2011/06/13/index.md)

# Vietnam holds a live fire drill in the South China Sea amid a dispute with China. 




### Source:

1. [Jakarta Post](http://www.thejakartaglobe.com/afp/vietnam-holds-live-fire-drill-amid-china-tensions/446823)

### Related:

1. [Haiyang Shiyou 981 standoff:: Vietnam and China trade accusations over an incident in the South China Sea that led to the sinking of a Vietnamese fishing boat yesterday. ](/news/2014/05/27/haiyang-shiyou-981-standoff-vietnam-and-china-trade-accusations-over-an-incident-in-the-south-china-sea-that-led-to-the-sinking-of-a-vietn.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Vietnam_
2. [Anti-Chinese protests in southern Vietnam about the People's Republic of China deploying an oil rig in a disputed section of the South China Sea degenerate into the burning of up to 15 foreign-owned factories. ](/news/2014/05/14/anti-chinese-protests-in-southern-vietnam-about-the-people-s-republic-of-china-deploying-an-oil-rig-in-a-disputed-section-of-the-south-china.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Vietnam_
3. [Vietnam claims that the People's Republic of China has assaulted Vietnamese fishermen in disputed waters in the South China Sea. ](/news/2012/03/1/vietnam-claims-that-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-assaulted-vietnamese-fishermen-in-disputed-waters-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: China, South China Sea, Vietnam_
4. [China-United States relations: The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
5. [China-United States relations: Spratly Islands dispute: China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-united-states-relations-spratly-islands-dispute-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns.md) _Context: South China Sea, Spratly Islands dispute_
6. [Spratly Islands dispute: Satellite images show anti-aircraft guns and missile defence systems being built on artificial islands in the South China Sea; China had previously committed to not militarising its controversial developments in the region. ](/news/2016/12/14/spratly-islands-dispute-satellite-images-show-anti-aircraft-guns-and-missile-defence-systems-being-built-on-artificial-islands-in-the-south.md) _Context: South China Sea, Spratly Islands dispute_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, South China Sea_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China-Vietnam relations: Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-vietnam-relations-vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Japan-Vietnam relations: Japan has delivered two more ships to Vietnam that will be refurbished into patrol boats. The ships, which arrived in the port city of Da Nang, are the second delivery of a 2014 deal in which Tokyo is to provide Vietnam with six used fishing vessels that will be converted into patrol boats for Vietnam's coast guard in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/11/3/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-vietnam-relations-japan-has-delivered-two-more-ships-to-vietnam-that-will-be-refurbish.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
10. [Vietnam says a Chinese vessel rammed into and sank one of its fishing boats near disputed islands in the South China Sea. More than 20 Vietnamese fishing boats have been attacked by Chinese vessels this year causing tensions between both countries. ](/news/2015/10/15/vietnam-says-a-chinese-vessel-rammed-into-and-sank-one-of-its-fishing-boats-near-disputed-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-more-than-20-vietn.md) _Context: South China Sea, Vietnam_
