### [2007-04-21](/news/2007/04/21/index.md)

#  An aircraft of the United States Navy's Blue Angels precision flight team crashes during an air show in Beaufort, South Carolina, killing the pilot and injuring eight people on the ground. 

Investigators looked through wreckage Sunday to determine what caused a Navy Blue Angel jet to crash during a maneuver, while the military identified the fallen pilot as a 32-year-old who was performing in one of his first air shows with the team.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/US/04/21/blueangels.crash/index.html)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/18248797)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the USS "John S. McCain" collision: The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/aftermath-of-the-uss-john-s-mccain-collision-the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Navy_
2. [Shipwrecks in 2017: The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/shipwrecks-in-2017-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-effor.md) _Context: United States Navy_
3. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disc.md) _Context: United States Navy_
4. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS "Fitzgerald" and the MV "ACX Crysta"l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-pri.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: The USS "Fitzgerald", a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV "ACX Crystal" off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx.md) _Context: United States Navy_
7. [ Four inmates are killed at Kirkland Correctional Institution in South Carolina. Authorities have charged two inmates with the murders of the four men. ](/news/2017/04/8/four-inmates-are-killed-at-kirkland-correctional-institution-in-south-carolina-authorities-have-charged-two-inmates-with-the-murders-of-th.md) _Context: South Carolina_
8. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS "Carl Vinson". The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-eje.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [Todd Kohlhepp: Kohlhepp, a man arrested in the American state of South Carolina for keeping a missing woman "chained like a dog", has reportedly confessed to seven murders, including four killed in an unsolved mass shooting at a motorcycle shop in 2003. ](/news/2016/11/5/todd-kohlhepp-kohlhepp-a-man-arrested-in-the-american-state-of-south-carolina-for-keeping-a-missing-woman-chained-like-a-dog-has-report.md) _Context: South Carolina_
10. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-y.md) _Context: United States Navy_
