### [2011-01-2](/news/2011/01/2/index.md)

# 2010-2011 Tunisian protests: Hacktivist group Anonymous announces 'Operation Tunisia' in solidarity with protestors, successfully bringing down a number of Tunisian state-run websites. 

The faction of Anonymous that launched the anti-Scientology movement Chanology and has more recently been supporting Wikileaks through various information and direct action campaigns has launched an ...


### Source:

1. [Daily Kos](http://www.dailykos.com/story/2011/1/2/932975/-Tunisia-under-attack-by-Anonymous;-press-release)
1. [Cover Image](http://assets.dailykos.com/assets/fb_default-83551080ce5aec223661e373eaf232ea.png)

### Related:

1. [The hacker group Anonymous follows through on its threat and releases candidate Donald Trump's personal information (unverified) including his Social Security number, his phone numbers, his agent and his legal representatives. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-hacker-group-anonymous-follows-through-on-its-threat-and-releases-candidate-donald-trump-s-personal-information-unverified-including-h.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
2. [Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. "We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down," it said. "After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure," the group added. ](/news/2015/12/23/hacktivist-collective-anonymous-declares-a-cyber-war-on-turkey-and-claims-responsibility-for-the-major-week-long-cyber-attack-between-14-an.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
3. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
4. [A person claiming to be a member of Anonymous takes down the website for Singaporean newspaper "The Straits Times". ](/news/2013/11/1/a-person-claiming-to-be-a-member-of-anonymous-takes-down-the-website-for-singaporean-newspaper-the-straits-times.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
5. [2013 Korean crisis: Anonymous claims that it managed to steal military documents from North Korea. The documents are due to be released on 25 June, the anniversary of the start of the Korean War. ](/news/2013/06/22/2013-korean-crisis-anonymous-claims-that-it-managed-to-steal-military-documents-from-north-korea-the-documents-are-due-to-be-released-on-2.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
6. [Hacktivist group Anonymous claims credit for the hacking of the website of the United States Sentencing Commission in response to the suicide of Aaron Swartz. ](/news/2013/01/26/hacktivist-group-anonymous-claims-credit-for-the-hacking-of-the-website-of-the-united-states-sentencing-commission-in-response-to-the-suicid.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
7. [The United Kingdom Home Office is subjected to an attack believed to be from the Anonymous computer hacking group. ](/news/2012/04/7/the-united-kingdom-home-office-is-subjected-to-an-attack-believed-to-be-from-the-anonymous-computer-hacking-group.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
8. [International internet group Anonymous protests censorship by targeting Chinese websites, including government bureaus in several Chinese cities. ](/news/2012/04/5/international-internet-group-anonymous-protests-censorship-by-targeting-chinese-websites-including-government-bureaus-in-several-chinese-ci.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
9. [The United States Central Intelligence Agency website and Alabama state websites go down with reports that Anonymous is responsible. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-website-and-alabama-state-websites-go-down-with-reports-that-anonymous-is-responsible.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
10. [The FBI shuts down Megaupload. In response, hacker group Anonymous shuts down the United States Department of Justice website and many websites of the government and entertainment industry. ](/news/2012/01/19/the-fbi-shuts-down-megaupload-in-response-hacker-group-anonymous-shuts-down-the-united-states-department-of-justice-website-and-many-websi.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
