### [2011-01-2](/news/2011/01/2/index.md)

# A 2009 Wikileaks document from the US embassy in Tel Aviv says that Israel is preparing for large scale war against Hamas or Hezbollah, and quotes the Israeli chief of staff as saying that the Israel Defense Forces must be prepared to stop the firing of rockets on Tel Aviv. 

Leaked US diplomatic cables quote IDF chief as saying army must stop Hamas from firing on Tel Aviv 


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110102-israel-preparing-large-scale-war-cable)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4007951,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_
5. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_
6. [Operation Pillar of Defense:. An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlie.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israeli officials say they will refuse to deal with the Palestinian unity government composed of Fatah and Hamas because Hamas has carried out bombings and rocket attacks against Israel for years and does not recognise its right to exist.](/news/2011/04/28/israeli-officials-say-they-will-refuse-to-deal-with-the-palestinian-unity-government-composed-of-fatah-and-hamas-because-hamas-has-carried-o.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
8. [Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire and halt their rocket fire at Israel if Israel stops attacking targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/03/26/hamas-states-that-it-will-agree-to-a-ceasefire-and-halt-their-rocket-fire-at-israel-if-israel-stops-attacking-targets-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
9. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel_
10. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
