### [2011-01-2](/news/2011/01/2/index.md)

# Greece is considering the construction of a fence along its border with Turkey to fend off an ongoing flood of economic migrants from the Middle East and North Africa. 

Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region. Hurriyet daily news, turkish daily news, turkish news, hürriyet daily news, turkey news, daily news, hurriyet english, hurriyetdailynews


### Source:

1. [APA](http://www.apa.at/site/News/Topnews_4/Griechenland_baut_an_der_Festung_Europa)
2. [ANA-MPA](http://www.ana-mpa.gr/anaweb/user/showplain?maindoc=9445982&maindocimg=9278260&service=98&showLink=true)
3. [Hurriyet](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/n.php?n=greek--barrier-on-border-with-turkey-to-keep-out-migrants-2011-01-02)

### Related:

1. [ A natural gas pipeline between Turkey and Greece is completed allowing gas to be sent from the Middle East to Europe. ](/news/2007/08/4/a-natural-gas-pipeline-between-turkey-and-greece-is-completed-allowing-gas-to-be-sent-from-the-middle-east-to-europe.md) _Context: Greece, Middle East_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
3. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
4. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: Middle East_
5. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greece_
6. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Greece_
7. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Greece_
8. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: Greece_
9. [The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds   as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-regular-loans-for-t.md) _Context: Greece_
10. [A gathering of Eastern Orthodox Churches, the first of its kind in a millennium, opens on the Greek island of Crete. However, the Russian, Bulgarian, Georgian and the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch refused to attend after a dispute. The gathering will last until June 27. ](/news/2016/06/19/a-gathering-of-eastern-orthodox-churches-the-first-of-its-kind-in-a-millennium-opens-on-the-greek-island-of-crete-however-the-russian-b.md) _Context: Greece_
