### [2017-02-4](/news/2017/02/4/index.md)

# Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australia will honor the agreement to accept refugees from Central America even though the U.S. has postponed interviews with asylum seekers in a camp at the Pacific island of Nauru. 

Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said on Saturday that a controversial refugee resettlement deal with the United States would go ahead, despite U.S. immigration officials postponing interviews with asylum seekers.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-australia-refugees-idUSKBN15J0AG?il=0)
2. [The Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/australia-sticking-to-refugee-deal-despite-trumps-criticism/article/2613913)

### Related:

1. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia-United States relations, Nauru_
2. [Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the  prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours,  and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-and-detention-of-two-australian-broad.md) _Context: Australian Foreign Minister, Julie Bishop_
3. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, ''The Washington Post'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-tu.md) _Context: Australia-United States relations_
4. [Voters in Nauru go to the polls for an election. The President of Nauru Baron Waqa is reelected in his constituency. ](/news/2016/07/9/voters-in-nauru-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-president-of-nauru-baron-waqa-is-reelected-in-his-constituency.md) _Context: Nauru_
5. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: Nauru_
6. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Nauru_
7. [The U.S. military is in discussions  with Australian officials about the possibility of basing long-range bombers,  whose striking distance would include the South China Sea, in Australia. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-u-s-military-is-in-discussions-with-australian-officials-about-the-possibility-of-basing-long-range-bombers-whose-striking-distance.md) _Context: Australia-United States relations_
8. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says  his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-d.md) _Context: Nauru_
9. [Australia is to send refugees from Nauru and Manus Island to the Philippines. ](/news/2015/10/9/australia-is-to-send-refugees-from-nauru-and-manus-island-to-the-philippines.md) _Context: Nauru_
10. [The government of Nauru announces that the Nauru Detention Centre will become an "open facility" where people seeking asylum in Australia will be able to move freely around the island. ](/news/2015/10/5/the-government-of-nauru-announces-that-the-nauru-detention-centre-will-become-an-open-facility-where-people-seeking-asylum-in-australia-wi.md) _Context: Nauru_
