### [2017-02-4](/news/2017/02/4/index.md)

# The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. 

Homeland Security announced Saturday it is suspending the implementation of President Donald Trump&#x27;s executive order that bans foreigners from seven Muslim-majority nations from entering the United States. The move comes as the State Department also said it has reinstated visas for those foreigners - backing up a federal judge who blocked Trump&#x27;s order Friday.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/judge-halts-trump-travel-ban-banned-countries-citizens-able-board-n716801)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/justice-dept-appeals-have-court-restore-trump-travel-order-n716891)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2017/02/04/trump-blasts-so-called-federal-judges-block-travel-ban/97484556/)
3. [Cover Image](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_05/1891126/4217-airport-travel-ban-841a-rs_1fe060a51556845869ba21615c5d8f45.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Homeland Security will not waive the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (or "Jones Act") in response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico, even though similar waivers were granted for Houston and parts of Florida, in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma, respectively. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-will-not-waive-the-merchant-marine-act-of-1920-or-jones-act-in-response-to-the-ongoing.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
2. [The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-plans-to-collect-the-social-media-information-of-all-immigrants-including-green-card-hold.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
3. [United States Homeland Security bans Kaspersky Lab products from government computers due to fears they could be coerced into sharing information with the Russian government. ](/news/2017/09/13/united-states-homeland-security-bans-kaspersky-lab-products-from-government-computers-due-to-fears-they-could-be-coerced-into-sharing-inform.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
4. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: State Department_
5. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: State Department_
6. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: State Department_
7. [Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke withdraws his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/06/17/milwaukee-county-sheriff-david-clarke-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-for-an-assistant-secretary-position-at-the-department-of-homelan.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
8. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: State Department_
9. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: State Department_
10. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: United States Department of Homeland Security_
