### [2017-01-1](/news/2017/01/1/index.md)

# Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. 

Gambian leader Yahya Jammeh accused West African regional body ECOWAS of declaring war, after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate this month.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-gambia-politics-idUSKBN14L15P)

### Related:

1. [Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-gambian-long-time-president-yahya-jamm.md) _Context: ECOWAS, Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, West Africa, Yahya Jammeh_
2. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Foreign relations of the Gambia, President, West Africa, Yahya Jammeh_
3. [Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-22-year-rule-in-the-west-african-natio.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, West Africa, Yahya Jammeh_
4. [Gambia's Chief Justice sets January 10, 2017, for the hearing by the Supreme Court, made up of judges from Nigeria and Sierra Leone, of President Yahya Jammeh's ruling party's legal challenge of the December 1 election results. ](/news/2016/12/21/gambia-s-chief-justice-sets-january-10-2017-for-the-hearing-by-the-supreme-court-made-up-of-judges-from-nigeria-and-sierra-leone-of-pres.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh_
5. [Gambian security forces are deployed on the streets of the capital Banjul, following President Yahya Jammeh's rejection of last week's presidential election result. ](/news/2016/12/10/gambian-security-forces-are-deployed-on-the-streets-of-the-capital-banjul-following-president-yahya-jammeh-s-rejection-of-last-week-s-presi.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, President, Yahya Jammeh_
6. [Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. ](/news/2017/04/6/voters-in-the-gambia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-country-s-first-legislative-election-since-longtime-president-yahya-jammeh-resigne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh_
7. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh_
8. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh_
9. [According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivalent-to-us-11-3-million-are-reported-missing.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh_
10. [Former President Yahya Jammeh leaves The Gambia on a plane reportedly bound for Guinea. ](/news/2017/01/21/former-president-yahya-jammeh-leaves-the-gambia-on-a-plane-reportedly-bound-for-guinea.md) _Context: President, Yahya Jammeh_
