### [2017-01-1](/news/2017/01/1/index.md)

# North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. 

North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said on Sunday that the isolated, nuclear-capable country was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM).


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-kim-idUSKBN14L0RN?)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intercontinental ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea claims to have successfully tested the engine for an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2016/04/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-claims-to-have-successfully-tested-the-engine-for-an-intercontinental-ballistic-mis.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intercontinental ballistic missile_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-state.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-t.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, orders the country to conduct more tests of nuclear weapons to improve its capacity. ](/news/2016/03/11/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-orders-the-country-to-conduct-more-tests-of-nuc.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-s official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
