### [2017-01-1](/news/2017/01/1/index.md)

# Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. 

UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Ban Ki-moon ends 10 years at the helm of the United Nations lamenting the &quot;fires still burning&quot; from Syria to South Sudan but buoyed by a global agreement to combat climate change and new U.N. goals…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/0795f0eee7f048779ffd428957e228e3/ban-ki-moon-buoyed-climate-accord-laments-conflicts)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/12/ban-ki-moon-leaves-regrets-conflicts-161231141724783.html)
3. [India Today](http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/ban-ki-moon-un-secretary-antonio-guterres/1/846567.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres is sworn in as the new United Nations Secretary General. ](/news/2016/12/12/former-prime-minister-of-portugal-anta3nio-guterres-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Antonio Guterres, Portugal_
2. [The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-anta3nio-guterres-as-the-next-secretary-general-of.md) _Context: Antonio Guterres, United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016_
3. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016_
4. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon outlines seven priorities for 2010 and urges a renewed focus on sustainable development, ending poverty, disease and hunger. ](/news/2010/01/11/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-outlines-seven-priorities-for-2010-and-urges-a-renewed-focus-on-sustainable-development-ending.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon makes a surprise visit to Afghanistan ahead of the 7 November second round of the presidential election. ](/news/2009/11/2/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-afghanistan-ahead-of-the-7-november-second-round-of-the-presidential.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
6. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon meets with African leaders to discuss resolutions to the ongoing Kivu conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.  ](/news/2008/11/8/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-meets-with-african-leaders-to-discuss-resolutions-to-the-ongoing-kivu-conflict-in-the-democrat.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
8. [ International reaction to the 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence: Russia threatens to block Ban Ki Moon from serving a second term as United Nations Secretary-General because of his stance on Kosovo's recent independence. The Kremlin is pressing Ban to ignore, or at least prolong, a proposed 120-day transition period to Kosovo independence from Serbia that expires on 16 June. Renewal of Serbia-Kosovo talks is possible. ](/news/2008/04/12/international-reaction-to-the-2008-kosovo-declaration-of-independence-p-russia-threatens-to-block-ban-ki-moon-from-serving-a-second-term-as.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
10. [ Ban Ki-moon is officially sworn in as the next United Nations Secretary-General. ](/news/2006/12/14/ban-ki-moon-is-officially-sworn-in-as-the-next-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
