### [2011-06-20](/news/2011/06/20/index.md)

# Afghan finance minister Omar Zakhilwal is reported to be "running out of patience" with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) over the IMF's rejection of a plan to deal with Kabul Bank. Zakhilwal is also reported to have said that further talks with the IMF would be "a waste of time". 

Afghanistan says it is &quot;running out of patience&quot; with the IMF after it rejected a plan to deal with the troubled lender Kabul Bank.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-13847292)

### Related:

1. [A suicide bomber kills five people at the entrance of a Kabul Bank subsidiary near the Embassy of the United States in Kabul. Taliban claim their attack targeted soldiers and police withdrawing their salaries. ](/news/2017/08/29/a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-entrance-of-a-kabul-bank-subsidiary-near-the-embassy-of-the-united-states-in-kabul-taliban-claim.md) _Context: Kabul Bank_
2. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
3. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives and the International Monetary Fund and other international partners on a three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners-on.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
4. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
5. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
6. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [The International Monetary Fund encourages the move toward negative interest rates because "they help deliver additional monetary stimulus and easier financial conditions." ](/news/2016/04/10/the-international-monetary-fund-encourages-the-move-toward-negative-interest-rates-because-they-help-deliver-additional-monetary-stimulus-a.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [The International Monetary Fund modifies its benchmark currency basket to include the yuan of the People's Republic of China. The basket also includes the U.S. dollar, the euro, the pound sterling, and the Japanese yen. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-international-monetary-fund-modifies-its-benchmark-currency-basket-to-include-the-yuan-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-the-basket-als.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
10. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
