### [2011-06-20](/news/2011/06/20/index.md)

# Taoiseach Enda Kenny arrives in London for a six-monthly meeting of the British-Irish Council, including talks with Nick Clegg, the deputy prime minister of Britain, and Alex Salmond, the recently victorious Scottish first minister. 

Taoiseach Enda Kenny has insisted that a new European Union bailout for Greece, which is being negotiated in Luxembourg today&hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2011/0620/breaking60.html)

### Related:

1. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
2. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
3. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
4. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
5. [2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Taoiseach Enda Kenny tells the Dil the Prison Service recorded conversations between inmates and their solicitors. ](/news/2014/04/1/2014-garda-phone-recordings-controversy-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-tells-the-dail-the-prison-service-recorded-conversations-between-inmates-and-t.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
6. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
7. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
8. [British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg says his party will be more "muscular" and mark out their identity more clearly, following their poor results in recent council elections and the Scottish Parliament general election. ](/news/2011/05/11/british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-says-his-party-will-be-more-muscular-and-mark-out-their-identity-more-clearly-following-their-po.md) _Context: Nick Clegg, recently victorious_
9. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
10. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Enda Kenny, Taoiseach_
