### [2010-01-25](/news/2010/01/25/index.md)

# Ethiopian Airlines Flight 409, with 85 passengers on board, crashes into the Mediterranean Sea after taking off from Beirut Airport, Lebanon. 

Aircraft carrying 90 people plunges into Mediterranean Sea.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/01/20101252742591787.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/8478060.stm)

### Related:

1. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-h.md) _Context: Lebanon_
2. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestini.md) _Context: Lebanon_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon_
4. [European migrant crisis: The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
5. [European migrant crisis: More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
6. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [European migrant crisis: Rescuers recovered 8 bodies and saved 1400 migrants adrift on the Mediterranean Sea today. ](/news/2016/11/22/european-migrant-crisis-rescuers-recovered-8-bodies-and-saved-1400-migrants-adrift-on-the-mediterranean-sea-today.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
8. [European migrant crisis: Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/european-migrant-crisis-around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
9. [A Russian MiG-29 crashes in the Mediterranean Sea off the Syrian coast. The pilot ejected safely from the plane and is unhurt. ](/news/2016/11/14/a-russian-mig-29-crashes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-syrian-coast-the-pilot-ejected-safely-from-the-plane-and-is-unhurt.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
10. [European migrant crisis: The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. ](/news/2016/08/28/european-migrant-crisis-the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-no.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
