### [2010-01-25](/news/2010/01/25/index.md)

# Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at Downing Street to discuss the devolution deadlock in Northern Ireland. 

Taoiseach Brian Cowen is to meet British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tomorrow to discuss the political situation in Northern Ireland.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0124/northpolitics.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2010/jan/24/northern-ireland-brown-cowen-powersharing)
3. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/0124/breaking13.htm)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Taoiseach Brian Cowen leave Northern Ireland after three days spent discussing its future. ](/news/2010/01/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-and-taoiseach-brian-cowen-leave-northern-ireland-after-three-days-spent-discussing-its-future.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Gordon Brown, Northern Ireland, Prime Minister, Taoiseach_
2. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen meets Prime Minister Gordon Brown in London for talks on the devolution process in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/01/14/taoiseach-brian-cowen-meets-prime-minister-gordon-brown-in-london-for-talks-on-the-devolution-process-in-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Gordon Brown, Northern Ireland, Prime Minister, Taoiseach_
3. [ Downing Street defends Prime Minister Gordon Brown's habits after the mother of a soldier killed in Afghanistan labels a misspelled letter she received from him as a "hastily scrawled insult". ](/news/2009/11/9/downing-street-defends-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-habits-after-the-mother-of-a-soldier-killed-in-afghanistan-labels-a-misspelled-letter.md) _Context: Downing Street, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
4. [ Saint Patrick's Day: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-p-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Northern Ireland, Taoiseach_
5. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, Taoiseach_
6. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
7. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Prime Minister_
8. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
9. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of ''The Sun'' newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-rupert-murdoch-afte.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
10. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Taoiseach_
