### [2005-10-13](/news/2005/10/13/index.md)

#  Scores of suspected Chechen separatist rebels attack the southern Russian city of Nalchik in a coordinated operation against Russian security forces, killing dozens of people. 




### Source:

1. [BBC]  85 killed and map: [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/10/14/AR2005101400206.html (Washington Post](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4337100.stm)

### Related:

1. [Russian special forces kill 10 ISIS-linked militants in a counter-terrorist operation in a mountainous region near the city of Nalchik in Russia's North Caucasus. ](/news/2015/11/22/russian-special-forces-kill-10-isis-linked-militants-in-a-counter-terrorist-operation-in-a-mountainous-region-near-the-city-of-nalchik-in-ru.md) _Context: Nalchik, Russia_
2. [ The Kremlin has called for an inquiry into fighting that took place on June 4, 2005, between Chechens and Avars. Russian president Vladimir Putin threatens that if any future incidents take place, "the North Caucasus will burn." ](/news/2005/06/26/the-kremlin-has-called-for-an-inquiry-into-fighting-that-took-place-on-june-4-2005-between-chechens-and-avars-russian-president-vladimir.md) _Context: Chechen, Russia_
3. [ In Russia, special forces have killed seven people in a fight against what they described as islamic militants. The fight happened in an apartment block in Nalchik near Chechnya border ](/news/2005/01/28/in-russia-special-forces-have-killed-seven-people-in-a-fight-against-what-they-described-as-islamic-militants-the-fight-happened-in-an-ap.md) _Context: Nalchik, Russia_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
5. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia_
