### [2005-10-13](/news/2005/10/13/index.md)

#  The presence of the dangerous H5N1 avian influenza virus is confirmed in dead birds found in Turkey, marking the first cases of the disease in Europe. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4337918.stm)

### Related:

1. [ A third child from the same family in eastern Turkey dies of H5N1 avian influenza. Hulya Kocyigit, 11, was the sister of Mehmet Ali, 14, who died last weekend, and of Fatma, 15, who died on Thursday. She was the third human fatality outside China and South-East Asia. A six-year-old brother is also being treated for the same disease. ](/news/2006/01/6/a-third-child-from-the-same-family-in-eastern-turkey-dies-of-h5n1-avian-influenza-ha1-4lya-koassyiait-11-was-the-sister-of-mehmet-ali-14.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, Turkish, bird flu_
2. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, Europe_
3. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Europe, Turkish_
4. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: Europe, Turkish_
5. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Europe, Turkish_
6. [Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will 'start falling apart' within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turkey-did-not-attend-the-pri.md) _Context: Europe, Turkish_
7. [The European Union and Turkey reach an agreement for Turkey to stem the flow of migrants into Europe in return for a PS3bn aid package, easier visa conditions and re-energised talks to join the bloc. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-european-union-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-for-turkey-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-into-europe-in-return-for-a-aps3bn-aid-package-easi.md) _Context: Europe, Turkish_
8. [Turkey opens a sea tunnel connecting Europe and Asia across the Bosphorus Strait  in Istanbul. ](/news/2013/10/29/turkey-opens-a-sea-tunnel-connecting-europe-and-asia-across-the-bosphorus-strait-in-istanbul.md) _Context: Europe, Turkish_
9. [ The United Nations warns that poultry farms could become infected with the H1N1 virus, following the discovery of the virus in turkeys in Chile last week. ](/news/2009/08/28/the-united-nations-warns-that-poultry-farms-could-become-infected-with-the-h1n1-virus-following-the-discovery-of-the-virus-in-turkeys-in-c.md) _Context: Turkish, virus_
10. [ A second human case of H5N1 bird flu is confirmed in eastern China. ](/news/2007/12/8/a-second-human-case-of-h5n1-bird-flu-is-confirmed-in-eastern-china.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, bird flu_
