### [2013-10-28](/news/2013/10/28/index.md)

# An Indian Army soldier is reported killed and another injured along the Line of Control on the border with Pakistan in Kashmir. 




### Source:

1. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/india-news/srinagar/j-k-soldier-killed-in-overnight-firing-along-loc/article1-1141368.aspx)

### Related:

1. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir, Line of Control, Pakistan_
2. [Kashmir conflict:. India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir, Pakistan_
3. [Kashmir conflict:. Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: Kashmir, Line of Control, Pakistan_
4. [Kashmir conflict. At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/kashmir-conflict-at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldier.md) _Context: Indian Army, Line of Control_
5. [At least 14 Indian Army soldiers and four civilians are killed in a series of avalanches near the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir. ](/news/2017/01/26/at-least-14-indian-army-soldiers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-in-a-series-of-avalanches-near-the-line-of-control-in-jammu-and-kashmir.md) _Context: Indian Army, Line of Control_
6. [India-Pakistan relations. Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
8. [India-Pakistan relations. India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
9. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. The Indian Army claims it conducted surgical strikes on militant camps in Pakistan across the Line of Control, allegedly-killing several suspected militants. However, Pakistan rejects this claim and terms it cross-border firing that killed two of its soldiers. ](/news/2016/09/29/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-the-indian-army-claims-it-conducted-surgical-strikes-on-militant-camps-in-pakistan-across-the.md) _Context: Indian Army, Line of Control_
10. [Kashmir insurgency. Four Jaish-e-Mohammed militants attack an Indian Army base near the Pakistan border with at least 17 soldiers and four militants killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/kashmir-insurgency-four-jaish-e-mohammed-militants-attack-an-indian-army-base-near-the-pakistan-border-with-at-least-17-soldiers-and-four-m.md) _Context: Indian Army, Pakistan_
