### [2013-10-28](/news/2013/10/28/index.md)

# Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):Three Egyptian policemen are killed by masked men in an attack at a checkpoint in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura. 

Three Egyptian policemen were killed on Monday when masked men attacked a checkpoint in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura, security sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/10/28/uk-egypt-attack-idUKBRE99R0C320131028)

### Related:

1. [A bomb targeting  an Egyptian military intelligence building north of Cairo in the village of Anshas wounds four soldiers. ](/news/2013/12/29/a-bomb-targeting-an-egyptian-military-intelligence-building-north-of-cairo-in-the-village-of-anshas-wounds-four-soldiers.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
2. [Supporters of the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood clash with police at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, Egypt. One person is killed and two campus buildings are set on fire. ](/news/2013/12/28/supporters-of-the-islamist-muslim-brotherhood-clash-with-police-at-al-azhar-university-in-cairo-egypt-one-person-is-killed-and-two-campus.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
3. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):Three people are killed in clashes between police and Muslim Brotherhood supporters across Egypt. ](/news/2013/12/27/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013apresent-pthree-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-police-and-muslim-brotherhood-supporters-across.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
4. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):The Egyptian government re-designates the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as a terrorist organisation. ](/news/2013/12/25/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013apresent-pthe-egyptian-government-re-designates-the-muslim-brotherhood-in-egypt-as-a-terrorist-organ.md) _Context: Egypt, Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present)_
5. [Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present):A huge explosion hits the Dakahlia security directorate in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura, killing 16 and injuring at least 134. ](/news/2013/12/24/islamist-protests-in-egypt-july-2013apresent-pa-huge-explosion-hits-the-dakahlia-security-directorate-in-the-nile-delta-city-of-mansoura.md) _Context: Islamist protests in Egypt (July 2013-present), Nile delta_
6. [A bomb explodes at a police station in the Egyptian city of Mansoura, the capital of the Dakahlia Governorate, killing at least one person and injuring 17. ](/news/2013/07/24/a-bomb-explodes-at-a-police-station-in-the-egyptian-city-of-mansoura-the-capital-of-the-dakahlia-governorate-killing-at-least-one-person-a.md) _Context: Egypt, Mansoura_
7. [ At least 18 factory workers are killed when their bus collides with a truck in the Nile Delta, Egypt. ](/news/2009/06/8/at-least-18-factory-workers-are-killed-when-their-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-nile-delta-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Nile delta_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
