### [2013-10-28](/news/2013/10/28/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Two rockets fired from the Gaza strip at a southern Israeli coastal city are shot down. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/10/28/uk-palestinians-israel-violence-idUKBRE99R05U20131028)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/oct/28/israel-shoots-down-rocket-gaza-strip)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli forces level land east of Khan Yunis in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2016/07/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-forces-level-land-east-of-khan-yunis-in-the-southern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: The Israeli Air Force launches airstrikes on targets in the Gaza Strip after Palestinians fire a rocket from Gaza at the Eshkol region in southern Israel. ](/news/2013/12/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-air-force-launches-airstrikes-on-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-after-palestinians-fire-a-rocket-fro.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2013/12/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-forces-kill-a-palestinian-and-wound-four-others-in-three-separate-incidents-of-cross-border-violenc.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launch.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel, marking the first such attack since a ceasefire was signed in November 2012. ](/news/2013/02/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-marking-the-first-such-attack-since-a-ceasefire-was-sign.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-20.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
