### [2006-10-18](/news/2006/10/18/index.md)

#  Microsoft Corporation released version 7 of its Internet Explorer internet browser software.




### Related:

1. [The German government asks its citizens to stop using Microsoft's web browser Internet Explorer to protect their own security. ](/news/2010/01/16/the-german-government-asks-its-citizens-to-stop-using-microsoft-s-web-browser-internet-explorer-to-protect-their-own-security.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft, web browser_
2. [ Microsoft has decided to appeal a verdict to pay $520.6 million from a Chicago federal jury that affirms the Internet Explorer web browser violated Intellectual Property rights of Eolas Technologies (concerning Patent US 5838906).](/news/2003/08/12/microsoft-has-decided-to-appeal-a-verdict-to-pay-520-6-million-from-a-chicago-federal-jury-that-affirms-the-internet-explorer-web-browser.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft, web browser_
3. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Internet, web browser_
4. [Microsoft announces a major vulnerability in Internet Explorer versions 6 to 11 that could enable hackers to gain access and user rights to its customers' computers. ](/news/2014/04/28/microsoft-announces-a-major-vulnerability-in-internet-explorer-versions-6-to-11-that-could-enable-hackers-to-gain-access-and-user-rights-to.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
5. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
6. [The U.S. Supreme Court upholds a 2009 jury verdict in a patent dispute at the expense of software giant Microsoft in favor of Canadian company i4i. ](/news/2011/06/9/the-u-s-supreme-court-upholds-a-2009-jury-verdict-in-a-patent-dispute-at-the-expense-of-software-giant-microsoft-in-favor-of-canadian-compa.md) _Context: Microsoft, software_
7. [Microsoft announces that it is purchasing Internet phone service Skype for US$8.5 billion. ](/news/2011/05/10/microsoft-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-internet-phone-service-skype-for-us-8-5-billion.md) _Context: Internet, Microsoft_
8. [Microsoft issues a patch for a serious security hole in Internet Explorer 6 after France and Germany advised their citizens to change browsers. ](/news/2010/01/20/microsoft-issues-a-patch-for-a-serious-security-hole-in-internet-explorer-6-after-france-and-germany-advised-their-citizens-to-change-browse.md) _Context: Microsoft, web browser_
9. [ Microsoft announces its intentions to release Internet Explorer version 7.0. This is seen by some as a response to the growing popularity of the Mozilla Firefox browser. ](/news/2005/02/15/microsoft-announces-its-intentions-to-release-internet-explorer-version-7-0-this-is-seen-by-some-as-a-response-to-the-growing-popularity-o.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
10. [ Computer criminals place malicious JavaScript on major bank and corporate websites, such that Internet Explorer for Windows users merely viewing the pages in question are infected with Download.ject. Microsoft has yet to issue a patch for the browser.](/news/2004/06/24/computer-criminals-place-malicious-javascript-on-major-bank-and-corporate-websites-such-that-internet-explorer-for-windows-users-merely-vi.md) _Context: Internet Explorer, Microsoft_
