### [2005-10-6](/news/2005/10/6/index.md)

#  Hurricane Katrina: Louisiana National Guard officials say repeated news reports by CNN on September 1, 2005 that shots were fired at a UH-60 Black Hawk military helicopter at the Louisiana Superdome were false. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/10/04/AR2005100401525.html)

### Related:

1. [ CNN reports that the Louisiana attorney general is investigating the possibility that mercy killings of critically ill patients by staff medical professionals at Memorial Medical Center in New Orleans, Louisiana occurred during Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2005/10/12/cnn-reports-that-the-louisiana-attorney-general-is-investigating-the-possibility-that-mercy-killings-of-critically-ill-patients-by-staff-me.md) _Context: CNN, Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
2. [ St. Tammany Parish Schools reopen in Louisiana just over a month after Hurricane Katrina closed them.](/news/2005/10/3/st-tammany-parish-schools-reopen-in-louisiana-just-over-a-month-after-hurricane-katrina-closed-them.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
3. [ The Federal government declares a public health emergency for the Gulf Coast of the United States and launches one of the largest search and rescue missions in history. [http://www.cbsnews.com/sections/i_video/main500251.shtml?channel=eveningnews&clip=/media/2005/08/30/video806624&sec=500371&vidId=500371&title=Evening$@$News$@$Online&hitboxMLC=evening_news_online (CBS Video)] [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAV2SO0.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin states that "hundreds...most likely, thousands" may be dead in his city. The death toll in Biloxi stands at 110. [http://apnews.myway.com/article/20050831/D8CAVI303.html (AP via MyWay (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] At least 25,000 evacuees, particularly those currently in shelters in Greater New Orleans including the Louisiana Superdome, will be moved to the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050831/ap_on_re_us/katrina_astrodome (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] The United States will release oil from its Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help refineries whose oil supplies have been badly hit by Hurricane Katrina. [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/afp/20050831/pl_afp/usweatheroil_050831130701 (Yahoo! News (Link dead as of 20:53, 14 January 2007 (UTC)))] Some refineries along the gulf coast are offline and so fuel production is likely to be limited nonetheless](/news/2005/08/31/the-federal-government-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-the-gulf-coast-of-the-united-states-and-launches-one-of-the-largest-search-an.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana Superdome_
4. [ Hurricane Katrina as a Category 3 storm makes landfall at 6:10 a.m. CDT (11:10 a.m. UTC). The eye is just east of New Orleans, Louisiana. This date is now known as Black Monday to New Orleanians and many residents of the Gulf Coast. ](/news/2005/08/29/hurricane-katrina-as-a-category-3-storm-makes-landfall-at-6-10-a-m-cdt-11-10-a-m-utc-the-eye-is-just-east-of-new-orleans-louisiana-t.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, Louisiana_
5. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
6. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. "The New York Times" reports local officials say the death toll since last Friday is now 38. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-new-york-time.md) _Context: Louisiana_
7. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: CNN_
8. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: CNN_
9. [Three CNN journalists, Thomas Frank, Eric Lichtblau, and Lex Haris, resign after the publication of a Russia-related article involving President Donald Trump that was retracted. ](/news/2017/06/26/three-cnn-journalists-thomas-frank-eric-lichtblau-and-lex-haris-resign-after-the-publication-of-a-russia-related-article-involving-presi.md) _Context: CNN_
10. [CNN terminates its "New Year's Eve Live" contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-head.md) _Context: CNN_
