### [2005-10-6](/news/2005/10/6/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel is to ban using Palestinians as human shields following a Supreme Court of Israel ruling. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4314898.stm)

### Related:

1. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel and Palestinians have agreed to a ceasefire.](/news/2006/11/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-and-palestinians-have-agreed-to-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli Air-Strike in the Gaza Strip leaves four Palestinians dead. Israel claims that all four were militants and were about to launch a rocket attack into Israel. ](/news/2005/12/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-an-israeli-air-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-leaves-four-palestinians-dead-israel-claims-that-all-four-were-mili.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A joint Israeli-Palestinian doctors group has filed a petition to the Supreme Court of Israel requesting an end to the Israel Defense Forces use of sonic booms to terrify the Palestinian populace. The Doctors complain that the "sound bombs" cause widespread fear, induce miscarriages and traumatise children. The United Nations claim that the tactic causes panic attacks in children and has smashed thousands of windows. ](/news/2005/11/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-joint-israeli-palestinian-doctors-group-has-filed-a-petition-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-requesting-an.md) _Context: Israel, Israel's Supreme Court, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinians were shot dead by Israeli soldiers in the West Bank after they attacked an Israeli Defence Forces vehicle in Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinians-were-shot-dead-by-israeli-soldiers-in-the-west-bank-after-they-attacked-an-israeli-defence-f.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from travelling throughout the West Bank and cuts off contact with the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2005/10/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-travelling-throughout-the-west-bank-and-cuts-off-contact-with-the-palestinian-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 10 Palestinians die and 80 are injured when a truck carrying home-made explosives explodes during a Friday salat parade organised by Hamas.  Hamas blames Israel, claiming an Israeli plane blew up the vehicle, while Israel and the Palestinian Authority blames Hamas. ](/news/2005/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-at-least-10-palestinians-die-and-80-are-injured-when-a-truck-carrying-home-made-explosives-explodes-during-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  The Arab League disavowed the final statement made by the Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow-Up, claiming that they adhere to a policy of supporting Israel's right to exist within pre-1967 borders, and restating that the conflict in the Middle East is between Palestinians and Israelis, not all Jews.](/news/2002/09/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-arab-league-disavowed-the-final-statement-made-by-the-zayed-center-for-coordination-and-follow-up-claim.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
