### [2012-03-21](/news/2012/03/21/index.md)

# French police engage in a shootout with Mohammed Merah, a suspect in recent shootings in Toulouse, with the suspect allegedly linked to al-Qa'ida. 

A&#x20;24-year-old&#x20;gunman,&#x20;still&#x20;holed&#x20;up&#x20;in&#x20;his&#x20;besieged&#x20;Toulouse&#x20;apartment,&#x20;has&#x20;admitted&#x20;killing&#x20;seven&#x20;people&#x20;in&#x20;a&#x20;recent&#x20;spate&#x20;of&#x20;attacks&#x20;in&#x20;southwest&#x20;France,&#x20;according&#x20;to&#x20;Paris&#x27;s&#x20;top&#x20;prosecutor.&#x20;Follow&#x20;events&#x20;as&#x20;they&#x20;unfold&#x20;on&#x20;our&#x20;live&#x20;blog.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/shots-fired-as-police-raid-al-qaida-linked-french-gunman-in-toulouse/story-e6frg6so-1226306309049)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/03/20123214219458757.html)
3. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20120321-liveblog-france-toulouse-police-surround-suspect-school-soldier-shooting)
4. [Reuters via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/46027894#.T2lqJxG85XI)

### Related:

1. [Midi-Pyrenees shootings suspected perpetrator Mohammed Merah dies and three French policemen are injured as a siege ends outside Merah's Toulouse flat. ](/news/2012/03/22/midi-pyra-c-na-c-es-shootings-suspected-perpetrator-mohammed-merah-dies-and-three-french-policemen-are-injured-as-a-siege-ends-outside-merah-s-t.md) _Context: 2012 Midi-Pyrenees shootings, French police, Toulouse_
2. [A rabbi and his two children, along with the daughter of the school principal, are killed by an attacker at a Jewish school in Toulouse, France. ](/news/2012/03/19/a-rabbi-and-his-two-children-along-with-the-daughter-of-the-school-principal-are-killed-by-an-attacker-at-a-jewish-school-in-toulouse-fra.md) _Context: 2012 Midi-Pyrenees shootings, Toulouse_
3. [Two men armed with knives take a priest, two nuns and two parishioners hostage in a church near Rouen in the French region of Normandy. French police kill the hostage-takers after the 86-year-old priest, Jacques Hamel, was killed by slitting his throat. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-men-armed-with-knives-take-a-priest-two-nuns-and-two-parishioners-hostage-in-a-church-near-rouen-in-the-french-region-of-normandy-fren.md) _Context: French police_
4. [A senior French police commander is killed by a  knife-wielding  25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed.  The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _Context: French police_
5. [ A painting, ''Judith Beheading Holofernes'', believed to be from Italian painter Caravaggio, is discovered in an attic in the French city of Toulouse. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-painting-judith-beheading-holofernes-believed-to-be-from-italian-painter-caravaggio-is-discovered-in-an-attic-in-the-french-city-o.md) _Context: Toulouse_
6. [French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-station-in-goutte-d-or-located-in-the-18th.md) _Context: French police_
7. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: French police_
8. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: French police_
9. [A raid by French police in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis kills at least two terror suspects, including a female suicide bomber, with eight others arrested. ](/news/2015/11/18/a-raid-by-french-police-in-the-paris-suburb-of-saint-denis-kills-at-least-two-terror-suspects-including-a-female-suicide-bomber-with-eight.md) _Context: French police_
10. [Authorities search for Belgium-born French national Salah Abdeslam, one of three brothers suspected of involvement in the attacks. Raids are reported to have taken place in Grenoble, Toulouse, Jeumont and the Paris suburb of Bobigny. This contradicts previously published official information that all the perpetrators of the attacks were dead. ](/news/2015/11/16/authorities-search-for-belgium-born-french-national-salah-abdeslam-one-of-three-brothers-suspected-of-involvement-in-the-attacks-raids-are.md) _Context: Toulouse_
