### [2016-03-21](/news/2016/03/21/index.md)

# The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-2 ruling, essentially upholds the state of Colorado's legalization of marijuana, turning down complaints by the neighboring states of Nebraska and Oklahoma that, by federal and their state law, Colorado's statutes allow "illegal marijuana" to pour into their states. Last year, the justices asked the federal government to weigh in; in December, Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. urged the court to turn away the lawsuit. Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented. 

WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court on Monday rejected a conservative challenge to the marijuana legalization laws adopted in Colorado and elsewhere that permit adults to buy, sell or use an ounce of the drug. By a 6-2 vote, the justices turned away a lawsuit brought by Nebraska and Oklahoma, whose state attorneys complained that illegal marijuana was pouring into their states as a result of Colorado’s liberalized laws. Since California’s voters in 1996 authorized medical use of marijuana, 22 other states have adopted similar measures. Faced with this state-by-state rebellion against an unchanging federal drug law, the Justice Department issued guidance telling prosecutors to focus on “significant traffickers of illegal drugs,” not on users of medical marijuana. Last year, the justices asked U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli to weigh in on the interstate legal battle over marijuana, and in December, he urged the court to turn away the lawsuit. “Nebraska and Oklahoma essentially contend,” he wrote, that Colorado’s authorization of licensed intrastate marijuana production and distribution increases the likelihood that third parties will commit criminal offenses in Nebraska and Oklahoma by bringing marijuana purchased from licensed entities in Colorado into those states.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/u-s-supreme-court-declines-referee-state-disputes-over-marijuana-n542551)
2. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/Supreme-Court-rejects-challenge-to-Colorado-pot-6929460.php)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/12/16/feds-ask-supreme-court-stay-out-lawsuit-over-colorado-marijuana/77457652/)

### Related:

1. [Supreme Court of the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 4-3 decision, upholds the University of Texas's practice of considering race in college admissions. Justice Elena Kagan recused herself for prior work on the case as United States solicitor general. ](/news/2016/06/23/supreme-court-of-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-in-a-4-3-decision-upholds-the-university-of-texas-s-practice-of-considering-r.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States solicitor general_
2. [The United States Supreme Court, with only Justice Clarence Thomas dissenting, blocks implementation of a Louisiana law that could have forced all but one of the state's abortion clinics to close, and restores an earlier judicial ban on enforcing the 2014 law. Last week, a federal appeals court said the law could be enforced. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-united-states-supreme-court-with-only-justice-clarence-thomas-dissenting-blocks-implementation-of-a-louisiana-law-that-could-have-forc.md) _Context: Clarence Thomas, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [President Obama nominates Solicitor General Elena Kagan as the youngest Justice and third woman for the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/05/10/president-obama-nominates-solicitor-general-elena-kagan-as-the-youngest-justice-and-third-woman-for-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States solicitor general_
4. [ U.S. Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito breaks a tie in a 5-4 decision in "Hudson v. Michigan", allowing evidence admitted in cases where police did not knock and announce themselves when executing a search warrant. ](/news/2006/06/15/u-s-supreme-court-justice-samuel-alito-breaks-a-tie-in-a-5-4-decision-in-hudson-v-michigan-allowing-evidence-admitted-in-cases-where-p.md) _Context: Samuel Alito, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Judge Samuel Alito of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2005/10/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-judge-samuel-alito-of-the-third-circuit-court-of-appeals-to-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: Samuel Alito, U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Freedom of speech in the United States: The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/freedom-of-speech-in-the-united-states-the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trade.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [North Carolina's congressional districts: The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-th.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
