### [2010-06-29](/news/2010/06/29/index.md)

# Egyptian border guards fatally shoot an Eritrean woman in the stomach and leg as she tries to cross the border illegally into Israel. 

An African migrant is shot and killed by Egyptian police as she tries to cross illegally into Israel.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/06/201062916845576597.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10455944.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10444459.stm)
4. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/idINIndia-49743520100629?loomia_ow=t0:s0:a49:g43:r1:c0.500000:b35292758:z0)
5. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/idINIndia-49747120100629)
6. [The Vancouver Sun](http://www.vancouversun.com/news/Israel+plan+raze+homes+illegal+rights+envoy+says/3215190/story.html)

### Related:

1. [6 Eritrean migrants attempting to enter Israel are shot dead by smugglers and Egyptian border guards, while several others are injured. ](/news/2010/08/14/6-eritrean-migrants-attempting-to-enter-israel-are-shot-dead-by-smugglers-and-egyptian-border-guards-while-several-others-are-injured.md) _Context: Egypt, Eritrea, Israel_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
3. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
4. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
5. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
6. [Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish-the-provincial-ca.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
7. [Peace talks between Hamas and Israel have been canceled after the Hamas delegation was refused entry into Egypt following recent attacks against the Egyptian Army. ](/news/2014/10/26/peace-talks-between-hamas-and-israel-have-been-canceled-after-the-hamas-delegation-was-refused-entry-into-egypt-following-recent-attacks-aga.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
8. [Israeli ground forces will leave the Gaza Strip ahead of an Egyptian mediated ceasefire starting at 0500 GMT today. ](/news/2014/08/5/israeli-ground-forces-will-leave-the-gaza-strip-ahead-of-an-egyptian-mediated-ceasefire-starting-at-0500-gmt-today.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
9. [Israel and Hamas enter a 72-hour ceasefire brokered by Egypt. ](/news/2014/08/4/israel-and-hamas-enter-a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
10. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:On the 50th day of the conflict, an internationally supported long-term truce is reached where the borders of Gaza, Egypt, and Israel are opened for humanitarian and reconstruction supplies and the Gaza fishing zone is extended to 6 km.  Other issues such as an airport/seaport and the Israeli demand for demilitarization will be negotiated within a month. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-israelagaza-conflict-pon-the-50th-day-of-the-conflict-an-internationally-supported-long-term-truce-is-reached-where-the-borders-of-g.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
