### [2010-06-29](/news/2010/06/29/index.md)

# Sudan announces it will close its border with Libya due to the operations of Darfur rebels in the area. 

Sudan announces it is closing its border with Libya to protect travellers from attack by Darfur rebels.


### Source:

1. [AfricaNews](http://www.africanews.com/site/Sudan_to_close_border_with_Libya/list_messages/33069)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/10445470.stm)

### Related:

1. [ A Sudanese plane is hijacked shortly after taking off from Nyala in the Darfur region and flown to Kufra in Libya. ](/news/2008/08/26/a-sudanese-plane-is-hijacked-shortly-after-taking-off-from-nyala-in-the-darfur-region-and-flown-to-kufra-in-libya.md) _Context: Darfur, Libya, Sudan_
2. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Libya, Sudan_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Libya, Sudan_
4. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
5. [Darfurian status referendum, 2016: According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/darfurian-status-referendum-2016-according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-fiv.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
6. [Darfurian status referendum, 2016: Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/darfurian-status-referendum-2016-voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Clashes between local tribal forces and Sudanese fighters in Libya's southeastern Cyrenaica region around the town of Kufra leaves around 30 dead. ](/news/2016/02/5/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-clashes-between-local-tribal-forces-and-sudanese-fighters-in-libya-s-southeastern-cyrenaica-region-around.md) _Context: Libya, Sudan_
8. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
9. [Sudanese nomadic conflicts:: Tribal violence in Darfur, Sudan, kills at least 163 people and displaces 50,000 others. ](/news/2013/04/8/sudanese-nomadic-conflicts-tribal-violence-in-darfur-sudan-kills-at-least-163-people-and-displaces-50-000-others.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
10. [Hundreds of delegates meet in Doha, Qatar, to raise funds to rebuild the Sudanese region of Darfur, that has been racked by conflict. ](/news/2013/04/7/hundreds-of-delegates-meet-in-doha-qatar-to-raise-funds-to-rebuild-the-sudanese-region-of-darfur-that-has-been-racked-by-conflict.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
