### [2010-06-29](/news/2010/06/29/index.md)

# Turkey says it will return an ambassador to Israel if the Israeli government formally apologizes for the killing of nine Turkish citizens during the Gaza flotilla raid, compensates their families and when an independent commission is established into the matter. 

Turkey wants a formal apology for the killing of nine Turkish citizens who were aboarda boat that tried unsuccessfully in May to breach the Israeli naval blockade of Gaza. 


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/30/world/europe/30briefs-TURKEY.html)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
2. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
3. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
4. [Turkey requests that Israel pass on the names and addresses of the soldiers who raided a Gaza-bound flotilla, killing nine Turks last May. ](/news/2011/05/14/turkey-requests-that-israel-pass-on-the-names-and-addresses-of-the-soldiers-who-raided-a-gaza-bound-flotilla-killing-nine-turks-last-may.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
5. [An Israeli inquiry finds its own army acts "legal pursuant to the rules of international law" during May's fatal Gaza flotilla raid in which 9 Turkish activists were killed; a separate United Nations inquiry said there had been an "unacceptable level of brutality". The inquiry also declares Israel's naval blockade of Gaza to be legal. ](/news/2011/01/23/an-israeli-inquiry-finds-its-own-army-acts-legal-pursuant-to-the-rules-of-international-law-during-may-s-fatal-gaza-flotilla-raid-in-which.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
6. [Senior officials from Turkey and Israel meet in Geneva to resolve their differences following the Gaza flotilla raid in May. ](/news/2010/12/6/senior-officials-from-turkey-and-israel-meet-in-geneva-to-resolve-their-differences-following-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-in-may.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
8. [Turkey's foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu reiterates his request for an apology from Israel for killing 9 Turks during May's Gaza flotilla raid ](/news/2010/12/25/turkey-s-foreign-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-reiterates-his-request-for-an-apology-from-israel-for-killing-9-turks-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
9. [The Israeli Air Force and the Hellenic Air Force combine for manoeuvres involving helicopters and jets as Israel seeks new air links following its disagreement with Turkey. ](/news/2010/10/16/the-israeli-air-force-and-the-hellenic-air-force-combine-for-manoeuvres-involving-helicopters-and-jets-as-israel-seeks-new-air-links-followi.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
10. [Turkish lawyers file a complaint against Israel over the Gaza flotilla raid in the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2010/10/14/turkish-lawyers-file-a-complaint-against-israel-over-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-in-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
