### [2012-06-1](/news/2012/06/1/index.md)

# Syrian uprising: The United Nations Human Rights Council votes to condemn the massacre carried out by Syrian forces in the town of Houla on May 25, despite Russia, China and Cuba voting against the resolution. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/jun/01/syria-houla-massacre-un-resolution)

### Related:

1. [China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, and Algeria are elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council. ](/news/2013/11/13/china-russia-cuba-saudi-arabia-vietnam-and-algeria-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-human-rights-council.md) _Context: China, Cuba, Russia_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: China, Russia_
3. [Syrian civil war: Syrian peace process: Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: China, Russia_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Russia_
5. [China-Russia relations: Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea. China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/china-russia-relations-russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-thi.md) _Context: China, Russia_
6. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday. Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-resch.md) _Context: China, Russia_
7. [Russia and China agree to a US$2 billion fund for agricultural investments in both countries. ](/news/2015/05/8/russia-and-china-agree-to-a-us-2-billion-fund-for-agricultural-investments-in-both-countries.md) _Context: China, Russia_
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, Russia_
9. [Human rights in North Korea: Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/human-rights-in-north-korea-eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on.md) _Context: China, Russia_
10. [Russia and China veto a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have asked the International Criminal Court to investigate war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2014/05/23/russia-and-china-veto-a-u-n-security-council-resolution-that-would-have-asked-the-international-criminal-court-to-investigate-war-crimes-in.md) _Context: China, Russia_
