### [2010-03-2](/news/2010/03/2/index.md)

# Irish Minister for Arts, Sport and Tourism Martin Cullen is hospitalised after the escalation of a recent chronic back complaint, disrupting some of his work, including a visit to the United States. 

Arts, Sports &amp; Tourism Minister Martin Cullen has been admitted to hospital for treatment for a chronic back complaint.


### Source:

1. [Irish Examiner](http://www.examiner.ie/breakingnews/ireland/cullen-expected-to-stay-in-hospital-for-the-week-448401.html)
2. [Newstalk](http://www.newstalk.ie/news/news-headlines/martin-cullen-hospitalised638/)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0302/cullenm.html)
4. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/0302/breaking46.html)

### Related:

1. [Irish Minister for Arts, Sport and Tourism Martin Cullen resigns from politics after seeking medical advice. ](/news/2010/03/8/irish-minister-for-arts-sport-and-tourism-martin-cullen-resigns-from-politics-after-seeking-medical-advice.md) _Context: Ireland, Martin Cullen, Minister for Arts, Sport and Tourism_
2. [Ireland becomes the first European nation to be allowed to export beef to the United States since the mad cow disease scare 15 years ago. ](/news/2015/01/5/ireland-becomes-the-first-european-nation-to-be-allowed-to-export-beef-to-the-united-states-since-the-mad-cow-disease-scare-15-years-ago.md) _Context: Ireland, United States_
3. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen begins his state visit to the United States in Chicago, announcing to the world his scheme that will allow senior citizen tourists aged 66 and above to travel free on Iarnrod Eireann in the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/13/taoiseach-brian-cowen-begins-his-state-visit-to-the-united-states-in-chicago-announcing-to-the-world-his-scheme-that-will-allow-senior-citi.md) _Context: Ireland, United States_
4. [ Three detainees held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, are sent abroad to two countries. Ireland accepts two detainees of Uzbeki origin in a humanitarian gesture, with Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Dermot Ahern saying Ireland was one of the first countries in Europe to call for the closure of Guantanamo Bay and that the two men would now be given time to rebuild their lives. ](/news/2009/09/26/three-detainees-held-by-the-united-states-at-guanta-namo-bay-in-cuba-are-sent-abroad-to-two-countries-ireland-accepts-two-detainees-of-uz.md) _Context: Ireland, United States_
5. [ Immaculata University discovers the mass grave of 57 Irish immigrants in East Whiteland Township, Pennsylvania, United States. ](/news/2009/03/24/immaculata-university-discovers-the-mass-grave-of-57-irish-immigrants-in-east-whiteland-township-pennsylvania-united-states.md) _Context: Ireland, United States_
6. [ Saint Patrick's Day: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-p-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Ireland, United States_
7. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Ireland, United States_
8. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
