
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/08/2/incumbent-republican-congressman-tim-huelskamp-an-active-tea-party-favorite-with-a-confrontational-anti-establishment-approach-running-for.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/08/2/incumbent-republican-congressman-tim-huelskamp-an-active-tea-party-favorite-with-a-confrontational-anti-establishment-approach-running-for.json)  [XML](/news/2016/08/2/incumbent-republican-congressman-tim-huelskamp-an-active-tea-party-favorite-with-a-confrontational-anti-establishment-approach-running-for.xml)  

### [2016-08-2](/news/2016/08/2/index.md)

##### United States elections, 2016
# Incumbent Republican congressman Tim Huelskamp, an active Tea Party favorite with a confrontational, anti-establishment approach running for a fourth term, is defeated (56.5 - 43.5 percent) in the Kansas primary by obstetrician Roger Marshall. 

HUTCHINSON, Kan. (AP) — Rep. Tim Huelskamp has been a thorn in the side of the Republican establishment since his election to Congress amid the tea party wave of 2010, and his clashes with former House Speaker John Boehner…


### Sources:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/99ddec923ef141dfb1622d62f1871bde/physician-marshall-ousts-us-rep-huelskamp-kansas-primary)
2. [McClatchy Washington Bureau'' via ''The Wichita Eagle](http://www.kansas.com/news/politics-government/election/article93371577.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://binaryapi.ap.org/b524486be6da47f7bf08c2141f36d0c1/460x.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [United States elections, 2016: Incumbent Republican congressman Tim Huelskamp, an active Tea Party favorite with a confrontational, anti-establishment approach running for a fourth term, is defeated (56.5 - 43.5 percent) in the Kansas primary by obstetrician Roger Marshall. ](/news/2016/08/2/united-states-elections-2016-incumbent-republican-congressman-tim-huelskamp-an-active-tea-party-favorite-with-a-confrontational-anti-est.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:29 (First version)_
2. [Incumbent Republican congressman Tim Huelskamp, an active Tea Party favorite with a confrontational, anti-establishment approach running for a fourth term, is defeated (56.5 - 43.5 percent) in the Kansas primary by obstetrician Roger Marshall. ](/news/2016/08/2/incumbent-republican-congressman-tim-huelskamp-an-active-tea-party-favorite-with-a-confrontational-anti-establishment-approach-running-fo.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:29 (Update)_
2. [Incumbent Republican congressman Tim Huelskamp, an active Tea Party favorite with a confrontational, anti-establishment approach running for a fourth term, is defeated (56.5 - 43.5 percent) in the Kansas primary by obstetrician Roger Marshall. ](/news/2016/08/2/incumbent-republican-congressman-tim-huelskamp-an-active-tea-party-favorite-with-a-confrontational-anti-establishment-approach-running-for.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder-r.md) _Context: Republican, United States elections, 2016_
2. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https:--www.yahoo.com-politics-iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--thehill.com-blogs-ballot-box-presidential-races-bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http:--whotv.com-2016-02-01-iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016- (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)] [http:--latino.foxnews.com-latino-politics-2016-02-01-iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation- Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race-story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https:--www.washingtonpost.com-politics-omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser-2016-02-01-4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.md) _Context: Republican, United States elections, 2016_
3. [Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin-endorses-republican-party-presidential-can.md) _Context: Republican, Tea Party_
4. [A drawing is held to resolve a tied election between Democrat Shelly Simonds and Republican David Yancey, with Yancey being randomly chosen as the winner. ](/news/2018/01/4/a-drawing-is-held-to-resolve-a-tied-election-between-democrat-shelly-simonds-and-republican-david-yancey-with-yancey-being-randomly-chosen.md) _Context: Republican_
5. [An Amtrak train carrying Republican lawmakers to a retreat in West Virginia collides with a garbage truck in Crozet, Virginia. At least one person dies and one person is seriously injured. The White House states that there are no serious injuries among members of Congress or their staff. ](/news/2018/01/31/an-amtrak-train-carrying-republican-lawmakers-to-a-retreat-in-west-virginia-collides-with-a-garbage-truck-in-crozet-virginia-at-least-one.md) _Context: Republican_
