### [2016-08-2](/news/2016/08/2/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War. A car bombing in the Al-Quwarsha area on the outskirts of Benghazi claims at least 23 lives. The Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries says it is responsible. 

Blast targeting security wounds dozens after Italy says it may let US use air base to target Isis 


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/08/02/world/middleeast/ap-ml-libya.html)
2. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/middle-east/car-bomb-kills-at-least-22-people-in-libya-say-officials-1.2742966)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War. A car bomb in Benghazi kills three children and injures 20 others. ](/news/2016/11/21/libyan-civil-war-a-car-bomb-in-benghazi-kills-three-children-and-injures-20-others.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A Libyan Air Force MiG-23 is shot down over the city of Benghazi as it conducted airstrikes on Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries positions in the coastal city. A Tobruk-based military source said the pilot survived having parachuted to safety, but his whereabouts were not immediately clear. ](/news/2016/02/12/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-air-force-mig-23-is-shot-down-over-the-city-of-benghazi-as-it-conducted-airstrikes-on-shura-coun.md) _Context: Benghazi, Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries_
3. [Libyan Civil War. Battles between loyalist forces and militias have killed nearly 400 in three weeks, including at least 250 deaths in Benghazi and 140 near the capital Tripoli. ](/news/2014/11/5/libyan-civil-war-battles-between-loyalist-forces-and-militias-have-killed-nearly-400-in-three-weeks-including-at-least-250-deaths-in-bengh.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War_
4. [Libyan Civil War. The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/libyan-civil-war-the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-followin.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-bengha.md) _Context: Benghazi_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city.md) _Context: Benghazi_
8. [Libyan Civil War. An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
9. [Libyan Civil War. In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
10. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War_
