### [2016-08-2](/news/2016/08/2/index.md)

# South Sudan President Salva Kiir fires six ministers allied to his long-time rival Riek Machar, replacing them with people linked to a breakaway faction of Machar's SPLM-IO party. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southsudan-security-idUSKCN10E0SV?il=0)

### Related:

1. [South Sudanese Civil War: Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-sudanese-civil-war-five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-j.md) _Context: Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
2. [South Sudanese Civil War: After five days of fighting that left 272 people dead and thousands more displaced in the capital, Juba, President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader and Vice-President Riek Machar declare a ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/12/south-sudanese-civil-war-after-five-days-of-fighting-that-left-272-people-dead-and-thousands-more-displaced-in-the-capital-juba-president.md) _Context: Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
3. [South Sudanese Civil War: Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/south-sudanese-civil-war-former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-for.md) _Context: Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
4. [South Sudanese Civil War: Rebel leader Riek Machar misses an international deadline to return to the capital Juba to take the post of Vice President. Machar was offered the position by President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of putting an end to the civil war but has repeatedly delayed his return. ](/news/2016/04/23/south-sudanese-civil-war-rebel-leader-riek-machar-misses-an-international-deadline-to-return-to-the-capital-juba-to-take-the-post-of-vice-p.md) _Context: Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
5. [The President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir Mayardit, sacks his entire government, including the Vice President, Riek Machar. ](/news/2013/07/23/the-president-of-south-sudan-salva-kiir-mayardit-sacks-his-entire-government-including-the-vice-president-riek-machar.md) _Context: Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
6. [South Sudanese Civil War: At least 16 people are killed amid fresh fighting in Raga, according to a SPLM-IO spokesperson. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said that over 60 humanitarian aid workers were forced to flee. ](/news/2017/04/15/south-sudanese-civil-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-amid-fresh-fighting-in-raga-according-to-a-splm-io-spokesperson-the-united-nations.md) _Context: SPLM-IO_
7. [South Sudanese Civil War: Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/south-sudanese-civil-war-two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government.md) _Context: Salva Kiir Mayardit_
8. [South Sudanese Civil War: According to a military spokesman of the rebel SPLM-IO, at least 115 soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital, Juba. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-sudanese-civil-war-according-to-a-military-spokesman-of-the-rebel-splm-io-at-least-115-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s.md) _Context: SPLM-IO_
9. [The President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir, removes Riek Machar from his post as deputy leader and as vice president, and installs Taban Deng Gai in his place. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-president-of-south-sudan-salva-kiir-removes-riek-machar-from-his-post-as-deputy-leader-and-as-vice-president-and-installs-taban-deng.md) _Context: Riek Machar_
10. [South Sudanese Civil War: An estimated 272 people have been killed between rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions as clashes in the capital, Juba, continue. According to a spokesman for rebel leader and Vice President Riek Machar, South Sudan is "back to war" despite a peace deal being reached last April. ](/news/2016/07/10/south-sudanese-civil-war-an-estimated-272-people-have-been-killed-between-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-as-clashes-in-the-c.md) _Context: Riek Machar_
