### [2016-08-2](/news/2016/08/2/index.md)

# Three top staffers leave the Democratic National Committee 100 days before elections in early November as a result of the email leak. 

Three top Democratic National Committee officials resigned from their posts in the wake of a recent hack that made thousands of internal emails public, incoming DNC Chairwoman Donna Brazile announced Tuesday. Chief Executive Officer Amy Dacey, Communications Director Luis Miranda and Chief Financial Officer Brad Marshall have each left the DNC less than 100 days out from the general election. The departures come a week after hacked DNC emails, made public by WikiLeaks, showed party officials conspiring against Bernie Sanders throughout the Democratic primary. Brazile had nothing but compliments for the three departing officials. Thanks in part to the hard work of Amy, Luis, and Brad, the Democratic Party has adopted the most progressive platform in history, has put itself in financial position to win in November, and has begun the important work of investing in state party partnerships, Brazile said in a statement. I&#039;m so grateful for their commitment to this cause, and I wish them continued success in the next chapter of their career. 


### Source:

1. [Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/dnc-collapse-top-staffers-leave-100-days-before-the-election/article/2598408?utm_campaign=Washington%20Examiner:%20News%20From&utm_source=Washington%20Examiner:%20News%20From%20-%2008/02/16&utm_medium=email)

### Related:

1. [Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns from her position as Chairperson of the Democratic National Committee. Wasserman Schultz had reportedly been removed from a speaking role after a WikiLeaks email leak proved her implicit support of Hillary Clinton's campaign during the primaries. Her resignation will take effect upon the close of the convention. Donna Brazile will serve as interim chair. ](/news/2016/07/24/debbie-wasserman-schultz-resigns-from-her-position-as-chairperson-of-the-democratic-national-committee-wasserman-schultz-had-reportedly-bee.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, the email leak_
2. [Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie-wasserman-schultz-supported-the-candidacy-of.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee, the email leak_
3. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
4. [Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-candidates-include-sally-boynton-brown-k.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
5. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
6. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
7. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party  presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
8. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
9. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
10. [Florida Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz is appointed as the Chairwoman of the US Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2011/04/5/florida-congresswoman-debbie-wasserman-schultz-is-appointed-as-the-chairwoman-of-the-us-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Democratic National Committee_
