### [2016-08-2](/news/2016/08/2/index.md)

# United States elections, 2016. Incumbent Republican congressman Tim Huelskamp, an active Tea Party favorite with a confrontational, anti-establishment approach running for a fourth term, is defeated (56.5 - 43.5 percent) in the Kansas primary by obstetrician Roger Marshall. 

HUTCHINSON, Kan. (AP) — Rep. Tim Huelskamp has been a thorn in the side of the Republican establishment since his election to Congress amid the tea party wave of 2010, and his clashes with former House Speaker John Boehner…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/99ddec923ef141dfb1622d62f1871bde/physician-marshall-ousts-us-rep-huelskamp-kansas-primary)
2. [McClatchy Washington Bureau'' via ''The Wichita Eagle](http://www.kansas.com/news/politics-government/election/article93371577.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Republican, United States elections, 2016_
2. [United States elections, 2016. Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-states-elections-2016-four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and.md) _Context: Republican, United States elections, 2016_
3. [United States presidential election in Iowa, 2016. Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https://www.yahoo.com/politics/iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]. Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http://whotv.com/2016/02/01/iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016/ (Who TV)]. Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)] [http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2016/02/01/iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation/ Fox News Latino]. Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race/story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)]. Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser/2016/02/01/4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/united-states-presidential-election-in-iowa-2016-voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-o.md) _Context: Republican, United States elections, 2016_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin.md) _Context: Republican, Tea Party_
5. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Republican_
6. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Republican_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican_
8. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican_
9. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican_
10. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Republican_
