### [2008-11-13](/news/2008/11/13/index.md)

#  Josef Fritzl is charged with murder, rape and enslavement after allegedly sexually abusing and incarcerating his daughter in the cellar of his home, where one of the children she was forced to bear died due to lack of medical attention. 

Austrian Josef Fritzl, who imprisoned his daughter in a cellar for 24 years and fathered seven children by her, has been charged with the murder of one of their children who died shortly after birth.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE4AC3MO20081113)

### Related:

1. [Presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte jokes about an Australian woman being raped and murdered in Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/17/presidential-frontrunner-rodrigo-duterte-jokes-about-an-australian-woman-being-raped-and-murdered-in-davao-city.md) _Context: murder, rape_
2. [Human Rights Watch and the Philippine Commission on Human Rights condemn the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army under the guise of fighting a communist rebellion. ](/news/2015/09/9/human-rights-watch-and-the-philippine-commission-on-human-rights-condemn-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indige.md) _Context: murder, rape_
3. [An indigenous Lumad child dies in an evacuation center while the Philippine Senate investigates the alleged September 1 murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the alleged rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army. ](/news/2015/09/10/an-indigenous-lumad-child-dies-in-an-evacuation-center-while-the-philippine-senate-investigates-the-alleged-september-1-murders-of-an-indige.md) _Context: murder, rape_
4. [3000 indigenous Lumad evacuate over the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl allegedly by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army. ](/news/2015/09/1/3000-indigenous-lumad-evacuate-over-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indigenous-manobo-girl-allegedly-by-soldier.md) _Context: murder, rape_
5. [United Nations envoy Margot Wallstrom says Congolese government troops may have committed rape and murder in the Democratic Republic of the Congo weeks after similar attacks by rebels. ](/news/2010/10/15/united-nations-envoy-margot-wallstrapm-says-congolese-government-troops-may-have-committed-rape-and-murder-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the.md) _Context: murder, rape_
6. [ Josef Fritzl of Austria pleads guilty to charges of rape, incest, sequestration, and grievous bodily harm. ](/news/2009/03/16/josef-fritzl-of-austria-pleads-guilty-to-charges-of-rape-incest-sequestration-and-grievous-bodily-harm.md) _Context: Josef Fritzl, rape_
7. [ President of the United States George W. Bush approves the execution of Army Private Ronald A. Gray, who was convicted in 1988 of multiple rapes and murders. It is the first American military execution approved since 1961. Further appeals are expected before he is executed. ](/news/2008/07/29/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-approves-the-execution-of-army-private-ronald-a-gray-who-was-convicted-in-1988-of-multiple.md) _Context: murder, rape_
8. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation names Alexis Flores as the 487th person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. He is wanted for the kidnapping, rape and murder of a five-year-old girl in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2007/06/2/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-names-alexis-flores-as-the-487th-person-placed-on-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list.md) _Context: murder, rape_
9. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: murder, rape_
10. [ The first arrests are made for war crimes in Darfur, Sudan: 15 officials in South Darfur are accused of rape, murder, and other crimes related to the Darfur conflict. Whether they will be tried in a Sudanese or international court is uncertain at this time. ](/news/2005/03/28/the-first-arrests-are-made-for-war-crimes-in-darfur-sudan-15-officials-in-south-darfur-are-accused-of-rape-murder-and-other-crimes-rela.md) _Context: murder, rape_
