### [2004-01-25](/news/2004/01/25/index.md)

#  Georgia's new president, Mikhail Saakashvili, is sworn in.




### Related:

1. [Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili resigns as governor of the Ukrainian region of Odessa, citing corruption in Odessa as the main reason. ](/news/2016/11/7/former-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili-resigns-as-governor-of-the-ukrainian-region-of-odessa-citing-corruption-in-odessa-as-the-main.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
2. [ A Polish ABW secret service report says the shooting incident in Georgia involving Polish President Lech Kaczynski and Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili was most likely "a provocation" staged by the Georgians ](/news/2008/11/27/a-polish-abw-secret-service-report-says-the-shooting-incident-in-georgia-involving-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-and-georgian-president.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
3. [ Georgian presidential election, 2008: Georgian Incumbent President Mikhail Saakashvili has been re-elected for a new mandate following a snap poll with nearly 53% of the votes. ](/news/2008/01/6/georgian-presidential-election-2008-georgian-incumbent-president-mikhail-saakashvili-has-been-re-elected-for-a-new-mandate-following-a-sn.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
4. [ A plot to assassinate President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia by shooting down his helicopter has been foiled. ](/news/2006/02/3/a-plot-to-assassinate-president-mikhail-saakashvili-of-georgia-by-shooting-down-his-helicopter-has-been-foiled.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
5. [ President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia pledges to end his country's energy crisis by importing Iranian natural gas. Starting Monday, Georgia will import 2 million m3 of gas a day at $120/m3, $10 more than for Russian gas. Georgia's supply of Russian gas has been interrupted since Sunday due to pipeline explosions. Saakashvili has accused Moscow of sabotage for political gain. ](/news/2006/01/27/president-mikhail-saakashvili-of-georgia-pledges-to-end-his-country-s-energy-crisis-by-importing-iranian-natural-gas-starting-monday-geor.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
6. [ President George W. Bush and Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili met in Tbilisi, Georgia and Bush gets a hand grenade thrown at him, but does not detonate.](/news/2005/05/10/president-george-w-bush-and-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili-met-in-tbilisi-georgia-and-bush-gets-a-hand-grenade-thrown-at-him-but.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
7. [ President of the breakaway Georgian republic of Ajaria, Aslan Abashidze is forced to resign by Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili. ](/news/2004/05/5/president-of-the-breakaway-georgian-republic-of-ajaria-aslan-abashidze-is-forced-to-resign-by-georgian-president-mikhail-saakashvili.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
8. [ Mikhail Saakashvili becomes president-elect of Georgia, following the Presidential elections. He had been widely expected to win following the November 23, 2003, ousting of President Eduard Shevardnadze.](/news/2004/01/4/mikhail-saakashvili-becomes-president-elect-of-georgia-following-the-presidential-elections-he-had-been-widely-expected-to-win-following.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
9. [ In Tbilisi, Georgia, opponents of President Eduard Shevardnadze seize the parliament building and demand the president's resignation. Opposition leader Mikhail Saakashvili vows to "trample" the country's leadership following unrest over disputed election results. Shevardnadze denounces what he calls an attempted coup and declares a state of emergency.](/news/2003/11/22/in-tbilisi-georgia-opponents-of-president-eduard-shevardnadze-seize-the-parliament-building-and-demand-the-president-s-resignation-oppos.md) _Context: Georgian, Mikhail Saakashvili_
10. [ A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three-civilians-and-wounding-13-others-i.md) _Context: Georgian_
