### [2003-01-28](/news/2003/01/28/index.md)

#  An election in the state of Oregon to pass a temporary three-year income tax failed with 54% of the votes voting against and 44% voting for. This forced the first layoffs in the Oregon State Police since its creation in 1931, and other actions including cutbacks in many of the local school districts.




### Related:

1. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: U.S. state_
2. [Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-between-republican-karen-handel-and-democratic-jon.md) _Context: U.S. state_
3. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
4. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: Oregon_
5. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: Oregon_
6. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Oregon_
7. [ U.S. federal authorities arrest militia leader Ammon Bundy and several of his followers following an exchange of gunfire at a traffic stop on U.S. Route 395 in Harney County, Oregon. One person, LaVoy Finicum, a rancher from Arizona and spokesman for the militia, was killed in the shootout. ](/news/2016/01/26/u-s-federal-authorities-arrest-militia-leader-ammon-bundy-and-several-of-his-followers-following-an-exchange-of-gunfire-at-a-traffic-stop.md) _Context: Oregon_
8. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: U.S. state_
9. [Mexican authorities arrest American Paul Erven Jackson for kidnapping and torturing two women in Oregon after more than 24 years on the run. ](/news/2015/09/30/mexican-authorities-arrest-american-paul-erven-jackson-for-kidnapping-and-torturing-two-women-in-oregon-after-more-than-24-years-on-the-run.md) _Context: Oregon_
10. [An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: U.S. state_
