### [2016-08-12](/news/2016/08/12/index.md)

# Labour Party leadership election, 2016: Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. 

The ruling deepens the split in the party and disenfranchises almost 130,000 new Labour members. That could be bad news for embattled party leader Jeremy Corbyn.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Europe/2016/0812/British-court-shuts-thousands-of-party-members-out-of-key-Labour-vote)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/aug/12/labour-wins-appeal-against-ruling-allowing-new-members-a-leadership-vote)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be -the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster-. ](/news/2017/04/24/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-ele.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
4. [Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Incumbent Jeremy Corbyn wins the leadership contest over Owen Smith with 61.8% of the vote. ](/news/2016/09/24/labour-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-incumbent-jeremy-corbyn-wins-the-leadership-contest-over-owen-smith-with-61-8-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Owen Smith_
5. [Labour Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/labour-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upc.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
6. [Labour Party (UK) leadership crisis, 2016: The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/labour-party-uk-leadership-crisis-2016-the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-becom.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
7. [The outcome of the election for the next leader of the United Kingdom Labour Party is announced with Jeremy Corbyn winning the contest ahead of Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall while Tom Watson is elected as the new deputy leader. ](/news/2015/09/12/the-outcome-of-the-election-for-the-next-leader-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-is-announced-with-jeremy-corbyn-winning-the-contest-ahead.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
8. [United Kingdom local elections, 2017: Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-kingdom-local-elections-2017-results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-fro.md) _Context: Labour_
9. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn_
10. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Labour_
