### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# A three judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Jared Lee Loughner, the suspect in the 2011 Tucson shooting, has the right to refuse antipsychotic medication while he appeals the treatment prescribed by prison mental health authorities. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2011/07/tuscon-shooter-loughner-can-refuse-anti-psychotic-drugs-court-rules.html)

### Related:

1. [Jared Lee Loughner, the perpetrator in the 2011 Tucson shooting, is given 7 consecutive life sentences. ](/news/2012/11/8/jared-lee-loughner-the-perpetrator-in-the-2011-tucson-shooting-is-given-7-consecutive-life-sentences.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Jared Lee Loughner_
2. [Jared Lee Loughner, the shooter in the 2011 Tucson shooting, pleads guilty to all charges and is sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. ](/news/2012/08/8/jared-lee-loughner-the-shooter-in-the-2011-tucson-shooting-pleads-guilty-to-all-charges-and-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-without-the-pos.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Jared Lee Loughner_
3. [Jared Lee Loughner has been indicted on 49 counts in relation to the 2011 Tucson shooting in the US state of Arizona. ](/news/2011/03/4/jared-lee-loughner-has-been-indicted-on-49-counts-in-relation-to-the-2011-tucson-shooting-in-the-us-state-of-arizona.md) _Context: 2011 Tucson shooting, Jared Lee Loughner_
4. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
5. [Legal challenges to Executive Order 13780: A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/legal-challenges-to-executive-order-13780-a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-or.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
6. [Monkey selfie: The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco hears a case on whether or not a Celebes crested macaque owns its selfie. ](/news/2017/07/12/monkey-selfie-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-hears-a-case-on-whether-or-not-a-celebes-crested-ma.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
7. [United States immigration policy: A Ninth Circuit Appeals Court panel unanimously upholds the Hawaii district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780. On May 25, the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court affirmed a similar ruling by the Maryland district court. ](/news/2017/06/12/united-states-immigration-policy-a-ninth-circuit-appeals-court-panel-unanimously-upholds-the-hawaii-district-court-decision-to-prevent-impl.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
8. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
9. [U.S. immigration suspension: The appeal of the Trump administration is denied as the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling that brought the president's executive order to a halt. ](/news/2017/02/9/u-s-immigration-suspension-the-appeal-of-the-trump-administration-is-denied-as-the-9th-us-circuit-court-of-appeals-said-it-would-not-block.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
10. [U.S. immigration suspension: The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals holds a hearing, by telephone, for the U.S. Justice Department and plaintiffs (states of Washington and Minnesota) arguments whether or not to reinstate the travel ban suspended on Friday by U.S. District Court Judge James Robart. Judge Michelle Friedland states the court will work to deliver its decision quickly. ](/news/2017/02/7/u-s-immigration-suspension-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-holds-a-hearing-by-telephone-for-the-u-s-justice-department-and-plaintiff.md) _Context: United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit_
