### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# CNN reports that the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives has lost track of 1,400 guns involved in Operation Fast and Furious aimed at tracing the flow of weapons to Mexican drug cartels. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/POLITICS/07/12/atf.guns/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Kenneth E. Melson is replaced as the acting head of the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as a result of a controversial gun trafficking operation called Operation Fast and Furious. ](/news/2011/08/30/kenneth-e-melson-is-replaced-as-the-acting-head-of-the-united-states-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-as-a-result-of-a-c.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Operation Fast and Furious_
2. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: CNN_
3. [CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-hea.md) _Context: CNN_
4. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: CNN_
5. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: CNN_
6. [Venezuela bans CNN en Espanol, CNN's 24-hour Spanish language television channel, after accusing it of spreading propaganda. ](/news/2017/02/15/venezuela-bans-cnn-en-espaa-ol-cnn-s-24-hour-spanish-language-television-channel-after-accusing-it-of-spreading-propaganda.md) _Context: CNN_
7. [The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives  finds that a 2013 fire at a fertilizer plant in the American town of West, Texas, that killed 15 people was arson and begins the search for suspects. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-finds-that-a-2013-fire-at-a-fertilizer-plant-in-the-american-town-of-west-texas-t.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
8. [United States Federal agents are combing three states for 32 cases of commercial grade explosives, about 500 pounds of 21/2 to 5 inch  aerial shells, stolen from a  CSX train traveling from Chicago, Illinois, through Ohio that arrived in Detroit, Michigan,  on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/04/23/united-states-federal-agents-are-combing-three-states-for-32-cases-of-commercial-grade-explosives-about-500-pounds-of-2a1-2-to-5-inch-aerial.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
9. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: CNN_
10. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers' Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives_
