### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# Japanese officials announce their intention to send the country's whaling fleet back to Antarctica later in the year; the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is also to return. 

Financial constraints, maritime regulations and campaigns by activists will not stop Japan sending its whaling fleet back to the Antarctic, a senior official tells the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-14132320)

### Related:

1. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Antarctica, Japan, hunt_
2. [The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society's anti-whaling speedboat "Ady Gil", which was damaged on Wednesday during a confrontation with the Japanese security vessel "Shonan Maru 2", sinks in the Southern Ocean shortly before 3:30 a.m. AEDT as the Society's "Bob Barker" attempts to salvage the boat. ](/news/2010/01/8/the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-s-anti-whaling-speedboat-ady-gil-which-was-damaged-on-wednesday-during-a-confrontation-with-the-jap.md) _Context: Japan, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, hunt_
3. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Japan, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, hunt_
4. [Whaling in Japan. Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Japan, hunt_
5. [Whaling in Japan. Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Japan, hunt_
6. [Japanese whaling vessels clash with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Neptune's Navy boats in the Southern Ocean with the MY "Steve Irwin" and MY "Bob Barker" sustaining damage. ](/news/2013/02/20/japanese-whaling-vessels-clash-with-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-neptune-s-navy-boats-in-the-southern-ocean-with-the-my-steve-irwin-a.md) _Context: Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, hunt_
7. [Bob Brown, former leader of the Australian Greens, becomes the President of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society leading the campaign against Japanese whaling in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2013/01/8/bob-brown-former-leader-of-the-australian-greens-becomes-the-president-of-the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-leading-the-campaign-again.md) _Context: Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, hunt_
8. [The Sea Shepherd anti-whaling organisation claims to have closed down Japan's main whaling ship, the "Nisshin Maru", deep inside the Southern Ocean off the Antarctic coast. ](/news/2012/03/5/the-sea-shepherd-anti-whaling-organisation-claims-to-have-closed-down-japan-s-main-whaling-ship-the-nisshin-maru-deep-inside-the-souther.md) _Context: Antarctica, hunt_
9. [New Zealand environmental activist Peter Bethune is given a two year suspended sentence in a Tokyo District Court for his role in boarding a Japanese whaling ship. ](/news/2010/07/7/new-zealand-environmental-activist-peter-bethune-is-given-a-two-year-suspended-sentence-in-a-tokyo-district-court-for-his-role-in-boarding-a.md) _Context: Japan, hunt_
10. [The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-international-whaling-commission-does-not-reach-agreement-on-curbing-whaling-by-japan-norway-and-iceland-in-a-meeting-in-agadir-morocc.md) _Context: Japan, hunt_
