### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# New Zealand refuses entry to Sri Lankan asylum seekers detained in Indonesia who claimed to be heading there. 

New Zealand has refused entry to a boat load of Sri Lankan asylum seekers, saying it would only open the door to &#039;millions of others&#039; and reward people smugglers.


### Source:

1. [SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/1569611/NZ-shuts-door-on-asylum-seekers)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: New Zealand, Sri Lanka_
2. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
3. [South East Asian migrant crisis. The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/south-east-asian-migrant-crisis-the-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker_
4. [The High Court of Australia finds that a group of 157 Sri Lankan asylum seekers were legally detained by Australian authorities at sea. The government acted lawfully and the group is not entitled to damages. ](/news/2015/01/28/the-high-court-of-australia-finds-that-a-group-of-157-sri-lankan-asylum-seekers-were-legally-detained-by-australian-authorities-at-sea-the.md) _Context: Sri Lanka, asylum seeker_
5. [Indonesia jails 14 Rohingya asylum seekers for their role in a deadly brawl in a North Sumatra detention centre that claimed 8 lives. ](/news/2013/12/5/indonesia-jails-14-rohingya-asylum-seekers-for-their-role-in-a-deadly-brawl-in-a-north-sumatra-detention-centre-that-claimed-8-lives.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker_
6. [An Australia-bound boat carrying Iranian asylum seekers sinks off the coast of Indonesia, leaving at least three people dead, 157 rescued and an uncertain number missing. ](/news/2013/07/24/an-australia-bound-boat-carrying-iranian-asylum-seekers-sinks-off-the-coast-of-indonesia-leaving-at-least-three-people-dead-157-rescued-an.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker_
7. [The Commonwealth Writers prizes are handed out at Hay: Shehan Karunatilaka from Sri Lanka wins the GBP10,000 Commonwealth Book Prize for his debut novel "Chinaman: The Legend of Pradeep Mathew", while Emma Martin from New Zealand wins the GBP5,000 Commonwealth Short Story Prize for "Two Girls in a Boat". ](/news/2012/06/8/the-commonwealth-writers-prizes-are-handed-out-at-hay-shehan-karunatilaka-from-sri-lanka-wins-the-agbp10-000-commonwealth-book-prize-for-hi.md) _Context: New Zealand, Sri Lanka_
8. [A boat carrying 380 asylum seekers en route from Indonesia to Australia sinks off the coast of Java with hundreds of people missing. ](/news/2011/12/17/a-boat-carrying-380-asylum-seekers-en-route-from-indonesia-to-australia-sinks-off-the-coast-of-java-with-hundreds-of-people-missing.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker_
9. [A boat carrying 70 asylum seekers en route to Australia sinks off the coast of Java in Indonesia with eight confirmed deaths and fifteen people missing. ](/news/2011/11/1/a-boat-carrying-70-asylum-seekers-en-route-to-australia-sinks-off-the-coast-of-java-in-indonesia-with-eight-confirmed-deaths-and-fifteen-peo.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker_
10. [Indonesia deports an alleged people smuggler to Australia to face charges in connection to the death of 48 asylum seekers at Christmas Island last year. ](/news/2011/05/12/indonesia-deports-an-alleged-people-smuggler-to-australia-to-face-charges-in-connection-to-the-death-of-48-asylum-seekers-at-christmas-islan.md) _Context: Indonesia, asylum seeker_
