### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# The UK Government states its intention to support a Labour Party motion in the House of Commons calling for the withdrawal of News Corporation's bid to take over BSkyB. 

News Corporation boss Rupert Murdoch may appear before MPs next week over the phone hacking scandal - a senior MP has claimed.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-14127282)

### Related:

1. [Former British Labour Party minister Denis MacShane resigns his House of Commons seat after he wrongfully claimed at least PS7,500 in expenses. ](/news/2012/11/2/former-british-labour-party-minister-denis-macshane-resigns-his-house-of-commons-seat-after-he-wrongfully-claimed-at-least-aps7-500-in-expens.md) _Context: House of Commons, Labour_
2. [The UK's coalition government drops plans for a crucial House of Commons vote on its plans to reform the House of Lords after it faced likely defeat over the issue with as many as 100 Conservative MPs planning to oppose the plans. ](/news/2012/07/10/the-uk-s-coalition-government-drops-plans-for-a-crucial-house-of-commons-vote-on-its-plans-to-reform-the-house-of-lords-after-it-faced-likel.md) _Context: House of Commons, the coalition_
3. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
4. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
5. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
6. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: House of Commons, News Corporation_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
9. [The UK government will introduce emergency legislation designed to reverse a controversial judgement on police bail for debate in the House of Commons on Thursday. ](/news/2011/07/4/the-uk-government-will-introduce-emergency-legislation-designed-to-reverse-a-controversial-judgement-on-police-bail-for-debate-in-the-house.md) _Context: House of Commons, the coalition_
10. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: BSkyB, News Corporation_
