### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# The Knesset approves a new boycott law which would allow Israeli courts to impose heavy sanctions on Israeli individuals or organizations whom would initiate or promote a boycott against Israeli companies and entities.




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/jul/11/israel-passes-law-boycotts)

### Related:

1. [ A so-called "Muezzin Bill" which would limit the volume and usage time of loudspeakers in mosques during muezzin to decrease noise pollution is put to parliament in Israel and opposed by both Arab and Jewish ultra-orthodox parties. ](/news/2016/11/16/a-so-called-muezzin-bill-which-would-limit-the-volume-and-usage-time-of-loudspeakers-in-mosques-during-muezzin-to-decrease-noise-pollutio.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
2. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan, signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause," that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-an.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-the.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
4. [Israeli legislative election, 2015: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives at an agreement with Habayit Hayehudi - the last party to join - just before the midnight deadline for the talks. With Naftali Bennett's party agreeing to a deal, Netanyahu's coalition will number 61 Members of the Knesset - the bare minimum needed. ](/news/2015/05/6/israeli-legislative-election-2015-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-at-an-agreement-with-habayit-hayehudi-the-last-party-to-join.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
5. [The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/the-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset-winning-30-out-of-120-seats-if-ask.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
6. [The Israeli Knesset votes to dissolve itself with new elections called for March 17. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-israeli-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-itself-with-new-elections-called-for-march-17.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
7. [The Israeli parliament- the Knesset votes to dissolve the government and hold early election on March 17. ](/news/2014/12/3/the-israeli-parliament-the-knesset-votes-to-dissolve-the-government-and-hold-early-election-on-march-17.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
8. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu fires Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Finance Minister Yair Lapid amid the imminent breakup of the government coalition and dissolution of the Knesset ahead of new elections. ](/news/2014/12/2/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-fires-justice-minister-tzipi-livni-and-finance-minister-yair-lapid-amid-the-imminent-breakup-of-th.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
9. [The alliance between the Israel's right-wing parties Likud and Yisrael Beiteinu is dissolved, reducing the ruling party's share of seats in the Knesset to just 20 out of 120. ](/news/2014/07/7/the-alliance-between-the-israel-s-right-wing-parties-likud-and-yisrael-beiteinu-is-dissolved-reducing-the-ruling-party-s-share-of-seats-in.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
10. [A new law levying criminal penalties on yeshiva students who dodge military service in the Israeli Defence Forces passes the Knesset with near unanimous support as the entire opposition boycotts the vote; Yoni Chetboun from Jewish Home is the lone no-voter. ](/news/2014/03/12/a-new-law-levying-criminal-penalties-on-yeshiva-students-who-dodge-military-service-in-the-israeli-defence-forces-passes-the-knesset-with-ne.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
