### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. 

The UN torture investigator accuses the US of violating long-established rules by refusing unmonitored access to detained Wikileaks suspect Bradley Manning.


### Source:

1. [United Nations Human Rights Council](http://www2.ohchr.org/english/issues/torture/rapporteur/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-14126223)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks:The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-pthe-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-brad.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United Nations, United States Army, WikiLeaks_
2. [In ''United States v. Bradley Manning'', Bradley Manning is acquitted of aiding the enemy for giving classified United States Army information to WikiLeaks. Manning is found guilty of five espionage charges and five theft charges.  ](/news/2013/07/30/in-united-states-v-bradley-manning-bradley-manning-is-acquitted-of-aiding-the-enemy-for-giving-classified-united-states-army-informati.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States Army, WikiLeaks_
3. [''United States v. Bradley Manning'':The trial of U.S. serviceman Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks continues in Fort Meade, Maryland. Former computer hacker Adrian Lamo, who turned Manning in to his persecutors, gives evidence at the court martial. ](/news/2013/06/4/united-states-v-bradley-manning-pthe-trial-of-u-s-serviceman-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-continues-in.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States Army, WikiLeaks_
4. [The trial of United States Army private Bradley Manning for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks begins in Fort Meade, Maryland. ](/news/2013/06/3/the-trial-of-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikileaks-begins-in-fort-meade-maryland.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States Army, WikiLeaks_
5. [Wikileaks suspect United States Army Private Bradley Manning is formally charged ahead of a court martial. ](/news/2012/02/23/wikileaks-suspect-united-states-army-private-bradley-manning-is-formally-charged-ahead-of-a-court-martial.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United States Army, WikiLeaks_
6. [U.S. soldier Bradley Manning, the alleged whistleblower who is thought to have revealed secret U.S. government documents to the international public, is reported to be held in solitary confinement awaiting trial by the United States for seven months now, treatment which the United Nations deems a form of torture when used for such prolonged periods. ](/news/2011/02/1/u-s-soldier-bradley-manning-the-alleged-whistleblower-who-is-thought-to-have-revealed-secret-u-s-government-documents-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United Nations, whistleblower_
7. [NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/24/nbc-news-reports-that-united-states-investigators-have-been-unable-to-link-bradley-manning-to-julian-assange-founder-of-the-whistleblowing.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks, whistleblower_
8. [The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on-september-19-russ.md) _Context: Obama Administration, United Nations_
9. [''United States v Bradley Manning'': United States Army private Chelsea Manning (legally Bradley Manning) is sentenced to 35 years in jail for providing classified material to WikiLeaks. ](/news/2013/08/21/united-states-v-bradley-manning-united-states-army-private-chelsea-manning-legally-bradley-manning-is-sentenced-to-35-years-in-jail-f.md) _Context: United States Army, WikiLeaks_
10. [''United States v. Bradley Manning'':The judge disallows discussion of Bradley Manning's motives for leaking classified material to WikiLeaks at this time. ](/news/2013/06/5/united-states-v-bradley-manning-pthe-judge-disallows-discussion-of-bradley-manning-s-motives-for-leaking-classified-material-to-wikilea.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, WikiLeaks_
