### [2011-07-12](/news/2011/07/12/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan:President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. 

Controversial Afghan politician Ahmad Wali Karzai, half-brother of President Hamid Karzai and a top power broker in the south, is shot dead in Kandahar.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-14118884)
2. [Dawn](http://www.dawn.com/2011/07/12/brother-of-hamid-karzai-killed.html)
3. [Reuters via Alertnet](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/frances-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan)
4. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFTRE76B0OR20110712)

### Related:

1. [Hamid Karzai, the President of Afghanistan, warns General David Petraeus the head of United States and NATO forces in Afghanistan that civilian casualties in the Afghanistan war and rejects an apology for the mistaken killings of nine boys in a NATO air attack. ](/news/2011/03/6/hamid-karzai-the-president-of-afghanistan-warns-general-david-petraeus-the-head-of-united-states-and-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-that-civil.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, David Petraeus, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pafghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nato.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [U.S. General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sacks Maj. Gen. Peter Fuller for making inappropriate comments about Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government. ](/news/2011/11/4/u-s-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-sacks-maj-gen-peter-fuller-for-making.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, International Security Assistance Force_
6. [Afghanistan:Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirms holding unofficial talks with Taliban "for quite some time" in order to end the nine-year war. ](/news/2010/10/11/afghanistan-pafghan-president-hamid-karzai-confirms-holding-unofficial-talks-with-taliban-for-quite-some-time-in-order-to-end-the-nine-yea.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [ British Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes an unannounced visit to Afghanistan to support British forces deployed as part of the International Security Assistance Force and to hold talks with Afghan President Hamid Karzai. ](/news/2009/12/13/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-afghanistan-to-support-british-forces-deployed-as-part-of-the-internation.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, International Security Assistance Force_
8. [ Afghan President Hamid Karzai demands that the United States halt airstrikes in the war against the Taliban. ](/news/2009/05/8/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-demands-that-the-united-states-halt-airstrikes-in-the-war-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):A suicide bomber targets a NATO convoy in the Afghan capital Kabul killing at least four Afghans, 13 American troops, and members of the International Security Assistance Force. ](/news/2011/10/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pa-suicide-bomber-targets-a-nato-convoy-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-killing-at-least-four-afghans-13-am.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, International Security Assistance Force, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
