### [2015-08-11](/news/2015/08/11/index.md)

# Georgia accuses Russia of cutting off its citizens from their farmland by installing border signposts demarcating the breakaway South Ossetia region, calling on Moscow to refrain from "escalation". 

Georgia Tuesday accused Russia of cutting off its citizens from their farmland by installing border signposts demarcating the breakaway South Ossetia region, calling on Moscow to refrain from &quot;escalation.&quot;


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/World/2015/Aug-11/310689-georgia-warns-russia-against-escalation-near-breakaway-region.ashx)

### Related:

1. [The President of the Georgian breakaway state of South Ossetia Leonid Tibilov announces his plan to hold a referendum on whether to become part of Russia or to keep its ''de facto'' independence before August of this year. This comes after South Ossetia signed various agreements further integrating the region with Russia. ](/news/2016/04/11/the-president-of-the-georgian-breakaway-state-of-south-ossetia-leonid-tibilov-announces-his-plan-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-become-p.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
2. [Georgia accuses Russia of violating its sovereignty by placing border markers on the edge of the South Ossetia region, leaving part of an international oil pipeline in territory under Russian control. The area was the site of the Russo-Georgian war in 2008. ](/news/2015/07/13/georgia-accuses-russia-of-violating-its-sovereignty-by-placing-border-markers-on-the-edge-of-the-south-ossetia-region-leaving-part-of-an-in.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
3. [Tuvalu withdraws its recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia after re-establishing diplomatic relations with Georgia. ](/news/2014/03/31/tuvalu-withdraws-its-recognition-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-after-re-establishing-diplomatic-relations-with-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
4. [Voters in South Ossetia, a breakaway region of Georgia, go to the polls for a presidential election and a referendum. ](/news/2011/11/13/voters-in-south-ossetia-a-breakaway-region-of-georgia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-and-a-referendum.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
5. [The International Court of Justice (ICJ) in The Hague dismisses by 10-6 Georgia's accusation that Russia and separatist rebels engaged in ethnic cleansing in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2011/04/1/the-international-court-of-justice-icj-in-the-hague-dismisses-by-10-6-georgia-s-accusation-that-russia-and-separatist-rebels-engaged-in-et.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
6. [Russian troops withdraw from the Georgian border town of Perevi and are replaced by a Georgian Army unit. Perevi is located just outside South Ossetia, and had been occupied since the 2008 war. ](/news/2010/10/19/russian-troops-withdraw-from-the-georgian-border-town-of-perevi-and-are-replaced-by-a-georgian-army-unit-perevi-is-located-just-outside-sou.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
7. [ NATO 2008 Brussels summit NATO member countries decide not to offer MAP to Georgia and Ukraine, the war in South Ossetia and the Ukrainian government collapse being the main reasons.](/news/2008/12/2/nato-2008-brussels-summitp-nato-member-countries-decide-not-to-offer-map-to-georgia-and-ukraine-the-war-in-south-ossetia-and-the-ukrainian.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
8. [ Aftermath of the 2008 South Ossetia war: Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/aftermath-of-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-p-georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mik.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
9. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
10. [ Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". ](/news/2008/10/2/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-may-face-impeachment-on-charges-of-undermining-national-security-and-illegal-arms-trade-with-georgi.md) _Context: Georgia, South Ossetia_
