### [2014-03-28](/news/2014/03/28/index.md)

# Former Prime Minister of Norway Jens Stoltenberg is appointed to succeed Denmark's Anders Fogh Rasmussen as the next Secretary General of NATO. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26791044)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/73884000/jpg/_73884032_stoltenberg_ap.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
2. [According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg, defense spending by European member states will grow for the first time in a decade. Stoltenberg went on to say that "we are faced with uncertainty. We are faced with more threats, more security challenges, than in a generation". ](/news/2016/06/1/according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-defense-spending-by-european-member-states-will-grow-for-the-first-time-in-a-de.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
3. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Secretary General of NATO_
4. [NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
5. [NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia's pair of violations of Turkish airspace over the weekend do not look like accidents. Russia, which said it's looking into claims of a second violation, reported the first violation lasted a few seconds and was due to poor weather. ](/news/2015/10/6/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-russia-s-pair-of-violations-of-turkish-airspace-over-the-weekend-do-not-look-like-accidents-ru.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Secretary General of NATO_
6. [ The Red-Green Coalition of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg is elected for another term in the Norwegian parliamentary election. ](/news/2009/09/15/the-red-green-coalition-of-prime-minister-jens-stoltenberg-is-elected-for-another-term-in-the-norwegian-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Prime Minister of Norway_
7. [ Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen will become NATO's Secretary General on August 1. ](/news/2009/04/4/danish-prime-minister-anders-fogh-rasmussen-will-become-nato-s-secretary-general-on-august-1.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Secretary General of NATO_
8. [ Jens Stoltenberg takes over as the Prime Minister of Norway after Kjell Magne Bondevik. In Stoltenberg's majority coalition government, ten ministers represent the PMs own party, the Norwegian Labour Party (Ap), five come from the Socialist Left Party (SV), and four from the Centre Party (Sp). Nine of the nineteen ministers are women. ](/news/2005/10/17/jens-stoltenberg-takes-over-as-the-prime-minister-of-norway-after-kjell-magne-bondevik-in-stoltenberg-s-majority-coalition-government-ten.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Prime Minister of Norway_
9. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Norway_
10. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg_
