### [2012-07-24](/news/2012/07/24/index.md)

# Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. 

Eight people, including Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson, will face a total of 19 charges relating to phone hacking, prosecutors announce.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18961228)

### Related:

1. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others: Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, Rebekah Brooks_
3. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. ](/news/2012/03/13/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-attempting-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-in-relation-to-phone-hacking-in-the-media-inclu.md) _Context: Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal: The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal:: The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the "News of the World" at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-dec.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal:: British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-british-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelation.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [News International phone hacking scandal:: Rebekah Brooks resigns as chief executive of News International as a result of the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/07/15/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-rebekah-brooks-resigns-as-chief-executive-of-news-international-as-a-result-of-the-news-internati.md) _Context: Rebekah Brooks, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
