### [2016-11-4](/news/2016/11/4/index.md)

# A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. 

The company that owns the National Enquirer, a backer of Donald Trump, agreed to pay $150,000 to a former Playboy centerfold model for her story of an affair a decade ago with the Republican presidential nominee, but then didn’t publish it, according to documents reviewed by The Wall Street Journal and people familiar with the matter.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/11/05/melania-trump-modeled-in-us-prior-to-getting-work-visa.html)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/05/national-enquirer-paid-150g-for-trump-affair-story-then-suppressed-it.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2016/11/04/0/0/694940094001_5197218172001_Trump-decries-the-economy--Obama-Clinton-era-in-final-push.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team, U.S._
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team, U.S._
3. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
4. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
5. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs an executive order re-establishing the National Space Council, which was disbanded in 1993. ](/news/2017/06/30/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-an-executive-order-re-establishing-the-national-space-council-which-was-disbanded-in-1993.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
7. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
8. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
9. [United States President Donald Trump approves the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. ](/news/2017/03/24/united-states-president-donald-trump-approves-the-controversial-keystone-xl-pipeline.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
10. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S._
