### [2016-11-4](/news/2016/11/4/index.md)

# Spanish general election, 2016. After almost a year of political blockade and an acting government, Mariano Rajoy manages to form a government after being invested on October 29-




### Related:

1. [ Spanish Prime Minister, Mariano Rajoy, called to testify in corruption scandal (Gurtel case) trial. ](/news/2017/04/20/spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-called-to-testify-in-corruption-scandal-ga1-4rtel-case-trial.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
2. [2015-16 Spanish government formation. The Spanish Parliament votes to allow Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to lead a People's Party minority government after a ten month interregnum. ](/news/2016/10/29/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-spanish-parliament-votes-to-allow-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-to-lead-a-people-s-party-minority.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
3. [2015-16 Spanish government formation. The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/2015-16-spanish-government-formation-the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139-96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-wi.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
4. [Spanish general election, 2016. Voters in Spain go to the polls for a general election six months after an inconclusive election. Polls indicate that no party will be in position to form a government. ](/news/2016/06/26/spanish-general-election-2016-voters-in-spain-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-six-months-after-an-inconclusive-election-polls-indi.md) _Context: Spanish general election, 2016_
5. [Spanish general election, 2016. Spanish politicians fail to meet a deadline to form a government after last year's election so Felipe VI of Spain must dissolve the parliament and call a new election for June 26. ](/news/2016/05/2/spanish-general-election-2016-spanish-politicians-fail-to-meet-a-deadline-to-form-a-government-after-last-year-s-election-so-felipe-vi-of.md) _Context: Spanish general election, 2016_
6. [Spanish general election, 2016. Spain's King Felipe VI announces an unprecedented, repeat parliamentary election for June 26, 2016, since none of the country's political parties has been able to form a government. The prior election, which was held on December 20, 2015, resulted in a hung parliament. Previously, Spain had been ruled via a two-party system. ](/news/2016/04/26/spanish-general-election-2016-spain-s-king-felipe-vi-announces-an-unprecedented-repeat-parliamentary-election-for-june-26-2016-since-no.md) _Context: Spanish general election, 2016_
7. [Spanish general election, 2015. Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
8. [Spanish general election, 2015. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-general-election-2015-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-e.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
9. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
10. [Catalonian parliamentary election, 2015. Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/catalonian-parliamentary-election-2015-separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy_
