### [2016-11-4](/news/2016/11/4/index.md)

# The Editors Guild of India protests the Indian Government's order to shut down Hindi news channel NDTV India  for 24 hours alleging the channel's   coverage of January's deadly attack on Pathankot air base revealed sensitive military secrets. NDTV denies the charges, and says it will challenge this unprecedented order. 

The government directed NDTV India to go off air for 24 hours starting November 9 midnight for allegedly jeopardizing national security while covering the terror attack on Pathankot airbase in January. This is the first time that a broadcaster has been penalized over coverage of a terror attack.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/11/04/world/asia/ap-as-india-news-channel-ban.html?_r=0)
2. [The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/1-day-ban-on-TV-channel-over-terror-coverage/articleshow/55235279.cms)

### Related:

1. [The Government of India revokes the Public Health Foundation of India's registration, allegedly for  foreign-funded lobbying practices. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-government-of-india-revokes-the-public-health-foundation-of-india-s-registration-allegedly-for-foreign-funded-lobbying-practices.md) _Context: Government of India_
2. [Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased  reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes.  Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations.  Protest leaders call for reopening  blockaded roads  in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters  damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadva.md) _Context: Government of India_
3. [Five of the terrorists who attacked an Indian Air Force base in Pathankot, Punjab are reported to have been killed; mopping-up and search operations continue. National Security Guard officials state the operations will continue until the air base is made safe. ](/news/2016/01/4/five-of-the-terrorists-who-attacked-an-indian-air-force-base-in-pathankot-punjab-are-reported-to-have-been-killed-mopping-up-and-search-op.md) _Context: attack on Pathankot air base_
4. [Gunfire and loud explosions are heard at an Indian Air Force base in Pathankot, Punjab, as anti-terrorist operations continue. A further two militants, for a total of six, are reported to have been killed; seven military and paramilitary personnel are reported to have been killed, with up to 20 other security personnel wounded. ](/news/2016/01/3/gunfire-and-loud-explosions-are-heard-at-an-indian-air-force-base-in-pathankot-punjab-as-anti-terrorist-operations-continue-a-further-two.md) _Context: attack on Pathankot air base_
5. [Heavily armed terrorists, reportedly members of Jaish-e-Mohammed, attack an Indian Air Force base in Pathankot, Punjab; three security force personnel and four of the terrorists are reported to have been killed. ](/news/2016/01/2/heavily-armed-terrorists-reportedly-members-of-jaish-e-mohammed-attack-an-indian-air-force-base-in-pathankot-punjab-three-security-force.md) _Context: attack on Pathankot air base_
6. [The Government of India deploys the Army to the state of Gujarat after two days of caste-related violence results in seven deaths. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-government-of-india-deploys-the-army-to-the-state-of-gujarat-after-two-days-of-caste-related-violence-results-in-seven-deaths.md) _Context: Government of India_
7. [The Government of India approves the construction of seven stealth frigates and six nuclear submarines for the Indian Navy. ](/news/2015/02/18/the-government-of-india-approves-the-construction-of-seven-stealth-frigates-and-six-nuclear-submarines-for-the-indian-navy.md) _Context: Government of India_
8. [The International Olympic Committee suspends India's national Olympic committee because of government interference in its election process. India's athletes will be barred from competing in Olympic events under their national flag, although the IOC could allow them to do so under the Olympic flag. ](/news/2012/12/4/the-international-olympic-committee-suspends-india-s-national-olympic-committee-because-of-government-interference-in-its-election-process.md) _Context: Government of India_
9. [Computer security firm McAfee uncovers one of the largest series of cyber attacks against the International Olympic Committee, Indian government, the United Nations, the steel industry and defence and security firms. ](/news/2011/08/3/computer-security-firm-mcafee-uncovers-one-of-the-largest-series-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-international-olympic-committee-indian-govern.md) _Context: Government of India_
10. [The Supreme Court of India calls on the Indian government to explain why police were sent in to disperse a peaceful anti-corruption demonstration. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-supreme-court-of-india-calls-on-the-indian-government-to-explain-why-police-were-sent-in-to-disperse-a-peaceful-anti-corruption-demonstr.md) _Context: Government of India_
