### [2016-11-4](/news/2016/11/4/index.md)

# Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. 

Two former allies of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were convicted of joining a partisan plot to create crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge as punishment for a local mayor who wouldn’t support the governor’s 2013 re-election.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-11-04/christie-allies-guilty-of-plotting-bridge-jams-to-punish-mayor)
2. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/christie-associates-found-guilty-roles-bridgegate-article-1.2858140)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/05/nyregion/bridgegate-conviction.html)

### Related:

1. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie apologizes for his senior aides intentionally causing a traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in September 2013. ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-apologizes-for-his-senior-aides-intentionally-causing-a-traffic-jam-on-the-george-washington-bridge-for-p.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal, George Washington Bridge, New Jersey Governor_
2. [Former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein pleads guilty for his role in creating traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in 2013. ](/news/2015/05/1/former-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-official-david-wildstein-pleads-guilty-for-his-role-in-creating-traffic-jams-near-the-georg.md) _Context: Fort Lee lane closure scandal, George Washington Bridge, Port Authority_
3. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is sued for his role on "Bridgegate". ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-is-sued-for-his-role-on-bridgegate.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal, New Jersey Governor_
4. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey governor Chris Christie formally announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/06/30/united-states-presidential-election-2016-p-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nominati.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
6. [Bridgegate scandal:A former aide of Chris Christie accuses the governor of having knowledge of the event. ](/news/2014/02/1/bridgegate-scandal-pa-former-aide-of-chris-christie-accuses-the-governor-of-having-knowledge-of-the-event.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Fort Lee lane closure scandal_
7. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. ](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
8. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
9. [American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-democrat-phi.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
10. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Chris Christie_
