### [2002-11-28](/news/2002/11/28/index.md)

#  2002 Mombasa attacks: Three suicide bombers detonated themselves at a hotel in Mombasa, Kenya, killing a number of people, including Israeli tourists who have been presumed to be the targets of the attack. At the same time two anti-aircraft missiles were fired at a passenger aircraft, which only narrowly missed. The two attacks are suspected to be connected, and it is suspected that al-Qaeda may be involved in the attacks.




### Related:

1. [Gunmen in Kenya's port city of Mombasa kill Mohamed Idris, chairman of the Council of Imams and Preachers of Kenya, who opposed the radical preachings of Somalia's Al-Qaeda-linked Al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2014/06/10/gunmen-in-kenya-s-port-city-of-mombasa-kill-mohamed-idris-chairman-of-the-council-of-imams-and-preachers-of-kenya-who-opposed-the-radical.md) _Context: Kenya, Mombasa, al-Qaeda_
2. [Air France Flight 463 en-route to Paris from Mauritius makes an emergency landing in Mombasa, Kenya, after a package, suspected to be a bomb is found in the toilet. Later, Air France CEO Frederic Gagey says it was a false alarm; the package contained a mixture of cardboard, sheets of paper, and a timer. ](/news/2015/12/20/air-france-flight-463-en-route-to-paris-from-mauritius-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-mombasa-kenya-after-a-package-suspected-to-be-a-bomb.md) _Context: Kenya, Mombasa_
3. [Two prisoners die and 30 are hospitalised following a cholera outbreak at the Shimo la Tewa facility in Mombasa, Kenya. ](/news/2015/05/21/two-prisoners-die-and-30-are-hospitalised-following-a-cholera-outbreak-at-the-shimo-la-tewa-facility-in-mombasa-kenya.md) _Context: Kenya, Mombasa_
4. [An assault on a police barracks by suspected members of the Mombasa Republican Council separatist group leaves one officer and six attackers dead in Mombasa, Kenya. ](/news/2014/11/2/an-assault-on-a-police-barracks-by-suspected-members-of-the-mombasa-republican-council-separatist-group-leaves-one-officer-and-six-attackers.md) _Context: Kenya, Mombasa_
5. [Twin explosions are reported in the city of Mombasa, Kenya, with at least three people killed and several injured. ](/news/2014/05/3/twin-explosions-are-reported-in-the-city-of-mombasa-kenya-with-at-least-three-people-killed-and-several-injured.md) _Context: Kenya, Mombasa_
6. [An Israeli drone strike coordinated with the Egyptian Army kills five suspected Al Qaeda militants in the Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/9/an-israeli-drone-strike-coordinated-with-the-egyptian-army-kills-five-suspected-al-qaeda-militants-in-the-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Israel, al-Qaeda_
7. [Sinai insurgency: Israel intercepts and destroys a Grad rocket fired by Mujahideen Shura Council al-Qaeda members from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat. ](/news/2013/08/13/sinai-insurgency-israel-intercepts-and-destroys-a-grad-rocket-fired-by-mujahideen-shura-council-al-qaeda-members-from-egyptian-territory-at.md) _Context: Israel, al-Qaeda_
8. [East Africa's high-speed internet access is severely damaged by a ship dropping its anchor onto the fibre-optic cables of the TEAMS and EASSy cable systems off the coast of Mombasa, Kenya. ](/news/2012/02/27/east-africa-s-high-speed-internet-access-is-severely-damaged-by-a-ship-dropping-its-anchor-onto-the-fibre-optic-cables-of-the-teams-and-eass.md) _Context: Kenya, Mombasa_
9. [The presidents of Kenya, Somalia and Uganda meet in Nairobi to discuss coordinated military operations against the al-Qaeda-linked Somali terrorist group Al-Shabaab. ](/news/2011/11/17/the-presidents-of-kenya-somalia-and-uganda-meet-in-nairobi-to-discuss-coordinated-military-operations-against-the-al-qaeda-linked-somali-te.md) _Context: Kenya, al-Qaeda_
10. [An article in "Time" states Egypt helped Israel assassinate Palestinian Muhammad Jamal al-Namnam, a senior member of the al-Qaeda-affiliated Army of Islam organization. He was killed last week, after his car exploded in Gaza City. ](/news/2010/11/10/an-article-in-time-states-egypt-helped-israel-assassinate-palestinian-muhammad-jamal-al-namnam-a-senior-member-of-the-al-qaeda-affiliated.md) _Context: Israel, al-Qaeda_
