### [2012-10-11](/news/2012/10/11/index.md)

# Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. 

Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah says unmanned reconnaissance aircraft was designed in Iran and assembled in Lebanon.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/10/2012101118514612756.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/hezbollah-confirms-it-sent-drone-downed-over-israel/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian President Bashar Assad hosts Hezbollah head Hassan Nasrallah and Iranian leader Ahmadinajad in Damascus where they condemn the United States and Israel ](/news/2010/02/26/syrian-president-bashar-assad-hosts-hezbollah-head-hassan-nasrallah-and-iranian-leader-ahmadinajad-in-damascus-where-they-condemn-the-united.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Iran, Israel_
2. [Israeli aircraft hit at least six targets near Damascus, targeting Iranian-made Fateh-110 missile shipments en route to Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/05/5/israeli-aircraft-hit-at-least-six-targets-near-damascus-targeting-iranian-made-fateh-110-missile-shipments-en-route-to-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Israel_
3. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah gives a press conference in which he states he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, who was killed along with 22 others. ](/news/2010/08/9/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-gives-a-press-conference-in-which-he-states-he-has-evidence-that-implicates-israel-in-the-2005-assassinati.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
4. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
5. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
6. [ Hassan Nasrallah, head of Hezbollah, openly states for the first time that the governments of Iran and Syria are supporting Hezbollah financially, with weapons, and with training, and "everybody knows it." ](/news/2007/02/3/hassan-nasrallah-head-of-hezbollah-openly-states-for-the-first-time-that-the-governments-of-iran-and-syria-are-supporting-hezbollah-finan.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Iran_
7. [ Hassan Nasrallah, the Secretary-General of Hezbollah, says that it has started negotiating with Israel on prisoner exchange. ](/news/2006/10/31/hassan-nasrallah-the-secretary-general-of-hezbollah-says-that-it-has-started-negotiating-with-israel-on-prisoner-exchange.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [ The Lebanese-based Hezbollah group threatens Israel with Iranian-made rockets. ](/news/2006/05/29/the-lebanese-based-hezbollah-group-threatens-israel-with-iranian-made-rockets.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Israel_
9. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Israel_
10. [ Hezbollah, a militant Lebanese group backed by Syria and Iran, fires artillery toward Israeli border posts, drawing return fire. It was the first such exchange in eight months. ](/news/2003/08/8/hezbollah-a-militant-lebanese-group-backed-by-syria-and-iran-fires-artillery-toward-israeli-border-posts-drawing-return-fire-it-was-the.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Israel_
