### [2012-10-11](/news/2012/10/11/index.md)

# Turkey says investigators found Russian-made ammunition and military communications equipment in a Syrian passenger plane heading to Damascus from Moscow. Syria accuses Turkey of aircraft piracy, says the plane did not carry the alleged equipment and challenges Turkey to show evidence. 

Syria has accused Turkey of “air piracy” after Turkish fighter jets on Wednesday forced a civilian Syrian aircraft to land in Ankara — an event that is likely to cement political ties among Syria, Rus


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/10/20121011182317469327.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/11/us-syria-crisis-idUSBRE88J0X720121011)
3. [SANA](http://sana.sy/eng/21/2012/10/12/446649.htm)
4. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/turkey-accused-of-air-piracy/article3987113.ece)

### Related:

1. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Syria, Turkey_
2. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
5. [Russia-Turkey relations: Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/russia-turkey-relations-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-stat.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
6. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-suppor.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
7. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-s.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey says a Russian warplane violated its airspace near the Syrian border, prompting the Turkish Air Force to scramble two F-16 fighter jets to intercept it. The Foreign Ministry summoned Russia's ambassador to protest the violation and urged Russia to avoid repeating such a violation, or it would be held "responsible for any undesired incident that may occur". ](/news/2015/10/5/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-says-a-russian-warplane-violated-its-airspa.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
9. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkey_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Russian involvement in the Syrian Civil War: Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-o.md) _Context: Damascus, Russia, Syria_
