### [2015-12-26](/news/2015/12/26/index.md)

# 2015-16 Australian bushfire season: A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. 

Up to 116 properties have been destroyed by fire at Wye River and Separation Creek in Victoria.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-35179209)
2. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/12/26/vic-fire-crews-battle-huge-fire-overnight.html)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2015/dec/26/great-ocean-road-bushfire-destroys-more-than-50-homes)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addingt.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, Victoria_
2. [Bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria claim at least one life with towns in the Grampians National Park region evacuated. ](/news/2014/01/17/bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-claim-at-least-one-life-with-towns-in-the-grampians-national-park-region-evacuated.md) _Context: Victoria, Wildfire_
3. [French Riviera: Wildfires prompt the evacuation of 12,000 people along the French Riviera, while more than 4,000 firefighters and French Armed Forces personnel backed by 19 water-bomber planes are mobilised to extinguish the flames. ](/news/2017/07/26/french-riviera-wildfires-prompt-the-evacuation-of-12-000-people-along-the-french-riviera-while-more-than-4-000-firefighters-and-french-arm.md) _Context: Wildfire_
4. [2017 heat wave in Europe: Firefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. ](/news/2017/07/25/2017-heat-wave-in-europe-firefighters-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-including-one-in-corsica.md) _Context: Wildfire_
5. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Victoria_
6. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires: At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-at-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-dol.md) _Context: Wildfire_
7. [2016 Portugal wildfires: A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/2016-portugal-wildfires-a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madei.md) _Context: Wildfire_
8. [ Australian east coast low: New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: Victoria_
9. [2016 Calabasas fire: Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/2016-calabasas-fire-firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-aff.md) _Context: Wildfire_
10. [Erskine Fire: 2016 California wildfires: A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/erskine-fire-2016-california-wildfires-a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-californi.md) _Context: Wildfire_
