### [2015-12-26](/news/2015/12/26/index.md)

# A bushfire in Victoria state  has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek.  The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River.  A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley.  No injuries are reported. 

Up to 116 properties have been destroyed by fire at Wye River and Separation Creek in Victoria.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-australia-35179209)
2. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/12/26/vic-fire-crews-battle-huge-fire-overnight.html)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2015/dec/26/great-ocean-road-bushfire-destroys-more-than-50-homes)

### Related:

1. [Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addington-northwest-of-ballarat-as-well-as-th.md) _Context: 2015–16 Australian bushfire season, Victoria_
2. [Bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria claim at least one life with towns in the Grampians National Park region evacuated. ](/news/2014/01/17/bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-claim-at-least-one-life-with-towns-in-the-grampians-national-park-region-evacuated.md) _Context: Victoria, wildfire_
3. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Victoria_
4. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires  At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-pat-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-do.md) _Context: wildfire_
5. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: wildfire_
6. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Victoria_
7. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire  in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area  are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-00.md) _Context: wildfire_
8. [A massive wildfire destroys at least 150 homes and leaves two people dead in Kern County, California. The Governor of California Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency for Kern County as more homes are threatened by the fire. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-massive-wildfire-destroys-at-least-150-homes-and-leaves-two-people-dead-in-kern-county-california-the-governor-of-california-jerry-brown.md) _Context: wildfire_
9. [A wildfire in Santa Barbara County, California doubles in size overnight to 4,000 acres. The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office says mandatory evacuations remain in effect for areas such as El Capitan State Beach. The blaze was currently 5% contained, according to Los Padres National Forest officials. ](/news/2016/06/17/a-wildfire-in-santa-barbara-county-california-doubles-in-size-overnight-to-4-000-acres-the-santa-barbara-county-sheriff-s-office-says-mand.md) _Context: wildfire_
10. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: wildfire_
