### [2015-12-26](/news/2015/12/26/index.md)

# The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. 

The body of a 5-year-old boy, who went missing Friday after the car he was in was washed over by floodwaters, was discovered in Alabama.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/death-toll-southern-storms-rises-18-n486256)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2015/12/26/severe-weather-slams-south-new-system-looms/77916140/)

### Related:

1. [At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-total-of-34-people-have.md) _Context: Dallas, Southern United States, Texas, tornado_
2. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Southern United States, Tornadoes of 2015, tornado_
3. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Alabama, Texas, tornado_
4. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
5. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Texas, tornado_
6. [A powerful storm system hits the southern United States, resulting in four deaths in Alabama and severe damage across several states. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-powerful-storm-system-hits-the-southern-united-states-resulting-in-four-deaths-in-alabama-and-severe-damage-across-several-states.md) _Context: Alabama, Southern United States_
7. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
8. [Eleven police officers are shot, with five dying of gunshot wounds in Dallas, Texas during a protest against two black men killed within a day of each other. Police kill the shooter with a bomb delivered on a bomb defusing robot. ](/news/2016/07/7/eleven-police-officers-are-shot-with-five-dying-of-gunshot-wounds-in-dallas-texas-during-a-protest-against-two-black-men-killed-within-a-d.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
9. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
10. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Southern United States, tornado_
