### [2014-06-2](/news/2014/06/2/index.md)

# Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Newsits](http://www.newsits.com/news/world/netanyahu-urges-world-not-to-recognise-palestinian-unity-government-reuters/)

### Related:

1. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were "hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians"; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections ](/news/2010/05/26/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-condemns-iran-saying-his-people-were-ahijacked-at-the-hands-of-the-iraniansa-possibly-r.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
4. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas gunmen ambush a convoy carrying weapons to Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard unit. Six Fatah members are killed, more than 70 people are wounded and 12 others are kidnapped in ensuing battles. ](/news/2007/02/1/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-gunmen-ambush-a-convoy-carrying-weapons-to-mahmoud-abbas-s-presidential-guard-unit-six-fatah-members.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
5. [ Hamas-Fatah conflict: Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/hamas-fatah-conflict-p-masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaza.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
8. [President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas resigns from the Executive Committee of the Palestinian Liberation Organisation along with 11 ministers to force an election. The last time there were elections in the Palestinian authority was in 2005. ](/news/2015/08/22/president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-resigns-from-the-executive-committee-of-the-palestinian-liberation-organisation-along-with.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
9. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas_
10. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
