### [2014-06-2](/news/2014/06/2/index.md)

# The United States Environmental Protection Agency issues new regulations aiming to cut carbon emissions in the US power sector by 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030. 

The US power sector must cut carbon dioxide emissions 30 per cent by 2030 from 2005 levels, according to federal regulations unveiled on Monday that form the centerpiece of the Obama administration&#039;s climate change strategy.


### Source:

1. [US Environmental Protection Agency](http://www2.epa.gov/carbon-pollution-standards/clean-power-plan-proposed-rule)
2. [Washington Post, Reuters via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/president-obama-seeks-to-make-30-per-cent-cut-in-us-carbon-dioxide-emissions-by-2030-20140603-zrvln.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Environmental Protection Agency announces that BP has been suspended from bidding on future US government contracts as a result of the 2010 ''Deepwater Horizon'' oil spill. ](/news/2012/11/28/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-that-bp-has-been-suspended-from-bidding-on-future-us-government-contracts-as-a-r.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, United States_
2. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency sets a new standard, cutting the amount of lead that can be released into the atmosphere by 90 percent. ](/news/2008/10/16/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-sets-a-new-standard-cutting-the-amount-of-lead-that-can-be-released-into-the-atmosphere.md) _Context: Environmental Protection Agency, United States_
3. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
4. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
5. [In a speech through Congress,  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asks the United States to return the iconic Balangiga bells taken during the Philippine-American War. ](/news/2017/07/24/in-a-speech-through-congress-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-asks-the-united-states-to-return-the-iconic-balangiga-bells-taken-during.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
8. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States_
9. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hon.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United States_
