### [2015-05-21](/news/2015/05/21/index.md)

# Islamic State fighters enter the ancient ruins of Palmyra after capturing the Syrian city of Tadmur yesterday. A hundred pro-government fighters are believed to have died in fighting. 

Islamic State fighters tightened their grip on the historic Syrian city of Palmyra on Thursday and overran Iraqi government defenses east of Ramadi, the provincial capital that they seized five days earlier.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/breaking-news/is-controls-more-than-half-of-syria/story-e6frfkui-1227364263099?from=public_rss)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/21/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKBN0O60KH20150521?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
2. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20150521&t=2&i=1050191283&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEB4K143)

### Related:

1. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Syria_
2. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Syria_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-executed-three-detainees-in-the-ancient-syrian-city-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Syria_
4. [The United Nations confirms the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has completely destroyed the Temple of Bel in Palmyra, Syria, after earlier reports that the structure was mostly intact. ](/news/2015/09/1/the-united-nations-confirms-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-has-completely-destroyed-the-temple-of-bel-in-palmyra-syria-after-ear.md) _Context: Islamic State, Palmyra, Syria_
5. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the border crossing at Al Waleed (al-Tanf in Syria), the last remaining border crossing between Syria and Iraq controlled by the Government of Syria. ISIL reportedly advances to within 40 km of Baghdad after their victory in Ramadi. ](/news/2015/05/22/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-border-crossing-at-al-waleed-al-tanf-in-syria-the-last-remaining-border-crossing-betwee.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Islamic State, Syria_
6. [Islamic State captures the Syrian city of Tadmur from the Syrian Army with grave concerns held about the Palmyra site. ](/news/2015/05/20/islamic-state-captures-the-syrian-city-of-tadmur-from-the-syrian-army-with-grave-concerns-held-about-the-palmyra-site.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syria, Tadmur_
7. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
8. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
9. [ Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-the.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
10. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
