### [2015-05-21](/news/2015/05/21/index.md)

# Video interviews show that two Russians captured in Ukraine have publicly admitted to being soldiers in the GRU Russian special forces. The Donetsk People's Republic (separatists) authorities claim these men were official policemen in the self-proclaimed republic, publicized their ID badges, and claimed they retired from the Russian military last year. 

European mediators in the Ukrainian crisis said Thursday that two men captured by Kiev&#x27;s troops had confessed to being members of the Russian armed forces sent in to back up pro-Moscow separatist fighters. The revelation by the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) provides


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/russians-captured-ukraine-admit-serving-army-osce-165144112.html)

### Related:

1. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Ukraine_
2. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Ukraine_
3. [The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the-country-during.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Ukraine_
4. [Pro-Russian rebels start a two-week process of removing heavy weapons from the front lines in eastern Ukraine in accordance with the ceasefire agreement. ](/news/2015/02/22/pro-russian-rebels-start-a-two-week-process-of-removing-heavy-weapons-from-the-front-lines-in-eastern-ukraine-in-accordance-with-the-ceasefi.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
5. [The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/17/the-office-of-the-president-of-ukraine-calls-on-the-european-union-and-nato-to-condemn-the-russian-backed-rebels-for-military-action-in-deba.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, military intervention in Ukraine_
6. [Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists conduct peace talks as fighting rages in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/31/ukraine-and-russian-backed-separatists-conduct-peace-talks-as-fighting-rages-in-eastern-ukraine.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
7. [A passenger bus comes under heavy fire near a check point in eastern Ukraine leading to at least ten civilians killed and many others injured. ](/news/2015/01/13/a-passenger-bus-comes-under-heavy-fire-near-a-check-point-in-eastern-ukraine-leading-to-at-least-ten-civilians-killed-and-many-others-injure.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
8. [Ukraine and pro-Russia rebels exchange nearly 370 prisoners in the largest such exchange since hostilities began in April this year. ](/news/2014/12/26/ukraine-and-pro-russia-rebels-exchange-nearly-370-prisoners-in-the-largest-such-exchange-since-hostilities-began-in-april-this-year.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Ukraine_
9. [The RIA Novosti news agency reports that Russian photojournalist Andrey Stenin has been found dead in Ukraine. It was discovered that he died 4 weeks ago. ](/news/2014/09/3/the-ria-novosti-news-agency-reports-that-russian-photojournalist-andrey-stenin-has-been-found-dead-in-ukraine-it-was-discovered-that-he-die.md) _Context: Russian, Ukraine_
10. [Pro-Russian activists occupying a government building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have proclaimed the creation of a sovereign Donetsk People's Republic independent of the capital Kiev. ](/news/2014/04/7/pro-russian-activists-occupying-a-government-building-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-donetsk-have-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-sovereign-d.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Ukraine_
