### [2013-08-13](/news/2013/08/13/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency: Israel intercepts and destroys a Grad rocket fired by Mujahideen Shura Council al-Qaeda members from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat. 

Israel intercepted and destroyed a rocket fired from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat overnight, Israeli public radio said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/10239144/Israel-intercepts-rocket-fired-from-Egyptian-territory.html)

### Related:

1. [ A Jordanian soldier dies when three unexploded Katyusha rockets miss their targets and hit a warehouse and hospital in Aqaba, Jordan and hit a road by the airport in nearby Eilat, Israel.  A group with alleged links to Al-Qaeda claims responsibility for the attacks, stating the targets were US ships docked at the Red Sea port in Aqaba, the USS ''Kearsarge'' and the USS ''Ashland''. ](/news/2005/08/19/a-jordanian-soldier-dies-when-three-unexploded-katyusha-rockets-miss-their-targets-and-hit-a-warehouse-and-hospital-in-aqaba-jordan-and-hi.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel, Red Sea, al-Qaeda_
2. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Egyptian security officials report that militants have blown up a natural gas pipeline leading to Israel outside El-Arish, the provincial capital of North Sinai. That pipeline was attacked at least 20 times in the last 5 years. ](/news/2015/05/31/egyptian-security-officials-report-that-militants-have-blown-up-a-natural-gas-pipeline-leading-to-israel-outside-el-arish-the-provincial-ca.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Arab-Israeli conflict:Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/arabaisraeli-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no.md) _Context: Egypt, Eilat, Israel_
5. [A rocket fired from Egypt's Sinai desert hits the Israeli city of Eilat but causes no injuries or property damage. ](/news/2012/04/5/a-rocket-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-desert-hits-the-israeli-city-of-eilat-but-causes-no-injuries-or-property-damage.md) _Context: Egypt, Eilat, Israel_
6. [An article in ''Time'' states Egypt helped Israel assassinate Palestinian Muhammad Jamal al-Namnam, a senior member of the al-Qaeda-affiliated Army of Islam organization. He was killed last week, after his car exploded in Gaza City. ](/news/2010/11/10/an-article-in-time-states-egypt-helped-israel-assassinate-palestinian-muhammad-jamal-al-namnam-a-senior-member-of-the-al-qaeda-affiliat.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, al-Qaeda_
7. [A Jordanian civilian is killed and three others are wounded as a Grad rocket launched from the Sinai hits the city of Aqaba. Four other rockets land in open areas in the Gulf of Aqaba. Jordan, Israel, Egypt and the United States condemn the attack. ](/news/2010/08/2/a-jordanian-civilian-is-killed-and-three-others-are-wounded-as-a-grad-rocket-launched-from-the-sinai-hits-the-city-of-aqaba-four-other-rock.md) _Context: Egypt, Grad rocket, Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
9. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
10. [Egyptian government airstrikes on jihadist targets in North Sinai Governorate, leave at least 100 terrorists killed and 40 others wounded. ](/news/2016/10/15/egyptian-government-airstrikes-on-jihadist-targets-in-north-sinai-governorate-leave-at-least-100-terrorists-killed-and-40-others-wounded.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai insurgency_
