### [2013-08-13](/news/2013/08/13/index.md)

# The United States Department of Justice and six states file an antitrust lawsuit to block the proposed merger of American Airlines and US Airways. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/08/13/us/airline-merger-antitrust-lawsuit/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [ Alaska Airlines. The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/alaska-airlines-the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion.md) _Context: American Airlines, U.S. Department of Justice_
2. [US Airways final flight, Flight 1939 - named for the airline's founding year, landed at Philadelphia International Airport at 5:54 a.m. Saturday. Future flights will fly under the American Airlines banner, completing the merger announced in 2013. ](/news/2015/10/17/us-airways-final-flight-flight-1939-named-for-the-airline-s-founding-year-landed-at-philadelphia-international-airport-at-5-54-a-m-sa.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
3. [United States Supreme Court associate justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg turns down a stay to block the December 9 American Airlines/US Airways merger. ](/news/2013/12/7/united-states-supreme-court-associate-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-turns-down-a-stay-to-block-the-december-9-american-airlines-us-airways-mer.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
4. [US Airways and the bankrupt American Airlines announce a merger to form the world's largest air carrier trading as American Airlines. ](/news/2013/02/14/us-airways-and-the-bankrupt-american-airlines-announce-a-merger-to-form-the-world-s-largest-air-carrier-trading-as-american-airlines.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
5. [US Airways makes a formal merger proposal to the parent of American Airlines, one that values the combined entity at $8.5 billion. ](/news/2012/12/7/us-airways-makes-a-formal-merger-proposal-to-the-parent-of-american-airlines-one-that-values-the-combined-entity-at-8-5-billion.md) _Context: American Airlines, US Airways_
6. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
8. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: American Airlines_
10. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
