### [2007-09-27](/news/2007/09/27/index.md)

#  Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. 

A total of 11 Palestinians were killed during a two-day raid designed to repress rocket fire into Israel. 


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/27/world/middleeast/27cnd-israel.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
2. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot.: The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets_
3. [ Six Palestinians from the armed wing of the militant group Hamas have been killed in an Israeli incursion into the Gaza Strip, Palestinian officials say. ](/news/2006/10/14/six-palestinians-from-the-armed-wing-of-the-militant-group-hamas-have-been-killed-in-an-israeli-incursion-into-the-gaza-strip-palestinian.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
4. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets_
5. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
6. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinians_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Gaza-Israel conflict: A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),: Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
