### [2005-12-10](/news/2005/12/10/index.md)

#  The other 2005 Nobel Prizes are handed out in Stockholm to Barry J. Marshall and Robin Warren (Physiology or Medicine), Roy J. Glauber and John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hnsch (Physics), Robert H. Grubbs, Richard R. Schrock and Yves Chauvin (Chemistry), Robert J. Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling (Economics), and Harold Pinter (Literature). 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/12/10/nobel.prizes.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards Yves Chauvin, Robert H. Grubbs, and Richard R. Schrock the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, "for the development of the metathesis method in organic synthesis". ](/news/2005/10/5/the-royal-swedish-academy-of-sciences-awards-yves-chauvin-robert-h-grubbs-and-richard-r-schrock-the-2005-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-for.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Richard R. Schrock, Robert H. Grubbs, Yves Chauvin_
2. [ Roy J. Glauber, John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hansch share in the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics. ](/news/2005/10/4/roy-j-glauber-john-l-hall-and-theodor-w-ha-nsch-share-in-the-2005-nobel-prize-in-physics.md) _Context: John L. Hall, Nobel Prize in Physics, Roy J. Glauber_
3. [The Swedish Academy announces that American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has agreed to accept his Nobel Prize in Literature this weekend at a private location in Stockholm. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-swedish-academy-announces-that-american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-has-agreed-to-accept-his-nobel-prize-in-literature-this-weekend-at-a.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature, Stockholm_
4. [American 1964 Nobel Prize-winning physicist Charles Hard Townes, who helped invent the now-ubiquitous laser, dies at the age of 99. ](/news/2015/01/27/american-1964-nobel-prize-winning-physicist-charles-hard-townes-who-helped-invent-the-now-ubiquitous-laser-dies-at-the-age-of-99.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Physics_
5. [ Nobel Prize: French writer Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clezio is announced the winner of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Literature.](/news/2008/10/9/nobel-prize-p-french-writer-jean-marie-gustave-le-cla-c-zio-is-announced-the-winner-of-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Literature_
6. [ Nobel Prize: The 2008 Nobel Prize in Chemistry is awarded Osamu Shimomura, Martin Chalfie, and Roger Y. Tsien for the discovery and development of the green fluorescent protein (GFP).](/news/2008/10/8/nobel-prize-p-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-chemistry-is-awarded-osamu-shimomura-martin-chalfie-and-roger-y-tsien-for-the-discovery-and-develo.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Chemistry_
7. [ Nobel Prize: The 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded Yoichiro Nambu for the discovery of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics, and Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature.](/news/2008/10/7/nobel-prize-p-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-physics-is-awarded-yoichiro-nambu-for-the-discovery-of-the-mechanism-of-spontaneous-broken-symmetry-i.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Physics_
8. [ Nobel Prize: The 2008 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine goes to Harald zur Hausen of Germany for his discovery of the human papilloma viruses that can cause cervical cancer in women, and Francoise Barre-Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier of France for their discovery of human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV. ](/news/2008/10/6/nobel-prize-p-the-2008-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medicine-goes-to-harald-zur-hausen-of-germany-for-his-discovery-of-the-human-papilloma.md) _Context: Nobel Prize, Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
9. [ Nobel Prize in Literature winner Harold Pinter accuses Britain and the United States of engaging in state terrorism in Iraq and demands the prosecution of George W. Bush and Tony Blair. ](/news/2005/12/7/nobel-prize-in-literature-winner-harold-pinter-accuses-britain-and-the-united-states-of-engaging-in-state-terrorism-in-iraq-and-demands-the.md) _Context: Harold Pinter, Nobel Prize in Literature_
10. [ Australians Barry J. Marshall and Robin Warren have been awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine "for their discovery of the bacterium ''Helicobacter pylouri'' and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease". ](/news/2005/10/3/australians-barry-j-marshall-and-robin-warren-have-been-awarded-the-2005-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medicine-for-their-discovery-of-the.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, Robin Warren_
