### [2017-07-23](/news/2017/07/23/index.md)

# In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. 

President Joko Widodo’s comments echo those of Philippines leader Rodrigo Duterte, whose drug war has killed thousands


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/23/indonesia-police-ordered-to-shoot-drug-dealers-to-tackle-narcotics-emergency)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ec5b8817a5478f5462211a33dbae07bc5e0ef062/384_438_4137_2483/master/4137.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=2274ef0b662cdea89f4a5818d18bd742)

### Related:

1. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-leni.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of "The New York Times", and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Budi Waseso, head of Indonesia's National Narcotics Agency (BNN, Badan Narkotika Nasional, says he plans on copying Rodrigo Duterte's hardline tactics against drug traffickers, which have killed almost 3,000 people in the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/8/budi-waseso-head-of-indonesia-s-national-narcotics-agency-bnn-badan-narkotika-nasional-says-he-plans-on-copying-rodrigo-duterte-s-hardli.md) _Context: Indonesia, Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a "Manila Bulletin" article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-widodo-today-says-that-duterte-all.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Rodrigo Duterte says that the Sinaloa cartel and the Chinese triad are active in the Philippine narcotic trade. ](/news/2016/08/4/rodrigo-duterte-says-that-the-sinaloa-cartel-and-the-chinese-triad-are-active-in-the-philippine-narcotic-trade.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Rodrigo Duterte threatens to withdraw the Philippines from its founding membership of the United Nations after the international body criticized him over alleged human rights violations. ](/news/2016/08/21/rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-withdraw-the-philippines-from-its-founding-membership-of-the-united-nations-after-the-international-body-critic.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
