### [2005-06-17](/news/2005/06/17/index.md)

#  The Vatican announces that it has taken the unusual step of suspending the announced beatification of the Reverend Leon Dehon in order to investigate charges of anti-Semitism. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050617/ap_on_re_eu/vatican_french_priest)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. ](/news/2015/06/27/pope-francis-in-an-apostolic-letter-done-motu-proprio-latin-on-his-own-initiative-creates-the-secretariat-for-communications-the.md) _Context: Reverend, Roman Curia_
2. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: beatified_
3. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
4. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, "Laudato si"'. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-text.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
5. [Pope Francis, in the most significant reform of the Roman Curia in 25 years, creates a second Secretariat, for Economic Affairs, headed by a Cardinal (which will work with the Vatican Secretariat of State, the reformed Vatican bank, or IOR, and the other economic departments of the Roman Curia), which will have an office with the power to audit any Vatican agency at any time. ](/news/2014/02/24/pope-francis-in-the-most-significant-reform-of-the-roman-curia-in-25-years-creates-a-second-secretariat-for-economic-affairs-headed-by-a.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
6. [Pope Francis, in his first major action on the still very pressing issue, gives his assent during meetings on reform of the Roman Curia to the creation of a permanent expert-member Pontifical Commission which would advise the Catholic Church on how to deal with cases of the sin and crime of sex abuse of minors by those in Church ministries (as of now, it would not be able to take corrective action against lax Bishops; dioceses and then the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith are in charge of laicizing abusive clerics). ](/news/2013/12/5/pope-francis-in-his-first-major-action-on-the-still-very-pressing-issue-gives-his-assent-during-meetings-on-reform-of-the-roman-curia-to-t.md) _Context: Roman Curia_
7. [The U.S. government states that it will boycott a United Nations anti-racism conference because of concerns over anti-Semitism. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-u-s-government-states-that-it-will-boycott-a-united-nations-anti-racism-conference-because-of-concerns-over-anti-semitism.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
8. [Pope John Paul II is beatified by Pope Benedict XVI in Saint Peter's Square, Rome. ](/news/2011/05/1/pope-john-paul-ii-is-beatified-by-pope-benedict-xvi-in-saint-peter-s-square-rome.md) _Context: beatified_
9. [The Vatican brings Pope John Paul II's coffin out from below St. Peter's Basilica in Rome in preparation for his beatification. ](/news/2011/04/29/the-vatican-brings-pope-john-paul-ii-s-coffin-out-from-below-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-preparation-for-his-beatification.md) _Context: beatified_
10. [Prosecutors in Paris, France, say that British fashion designer John Galliano will face criminal charges over alleged anti-Semitic remarks. ](/news/2011/03/2/prosecutors-in-paris-france-say-that-british-fashion-designer-john-galliano-will-face-criminal-charges-over-alleged-anti-semitic-remarks.md) _Context: anti-Semitism_
