### [2015-06-8](/news/2015/06/8/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the United States decides 6-3 to strike down a law passed by the United States Congress allowing people born in Jerusalem to list Israel as their birthplace in their passports, on the grounds that it is the President's prerogative to extend recognition of sovereignty in matters of foreign affairs.

In landmark ruling backing president&#8217;s stance, legal body strikes down law permitting US citizens to cite Jewish state on passport


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/08/politics/zivotofsky-supreme-court-jerusalem-passport/index.html)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/us-supreme-court-jerusalem-born-americans-cant-list-israel-as-birthplace/)
2. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/11/ljkk.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
2. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
4. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
5. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States Congress_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in "Clinton v. Jones", the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States Supreme Court_
7. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
8. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, U.S. President_
9. [Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-new-settlement-homes-i.md) _Context: Israel, U.S. President_
10. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
