### [2012-12-1](/news/2012/12/1/index.md)

# Enrique Pena Nieto of the Institutional Revolutionary Party is sworn in as the President of Mexico as violent clashes occur outside. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2012-12-01-Mexico-Inauguration/id-5c671c71839b412886c0277ea116c41b)
2. [ElEconomista](http://eleconomista.com.mx/sociedad/2012/12/01/reportan-muerto-inmediaciones-san-lazaro)
2. [Cover Image](http://eleconomista.com.mx/files/imagecache/eco2014_650x433/files/heridoman.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party, President_
2. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, President_
3. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, President_
4. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, President_
5. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Institutional Revolutionary Party_
6. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
7. [American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porpoise.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
8. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto cancels the meeting scheduled for next week with U.S. President Donald Trump, citing his plan to build a border wall between the two countries. ](/news/2017/01/26/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-cancels-the-meeting-scheduled-for-next-week-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-citing-his-plan-to-build.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
9. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-that-mexico-would-pay-for-any-border-wall.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
10. [Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/takes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-with-canadian-prime-minister-justi.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
