### [2012-12-1](/news/2012/12/1/index.md)

# The Enterprise|CVN-65|6, the world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, is officially inactivated in ceremonies held at Naval Station Norfolk, Virginia, completing a 51-year career in the United States Navy. In a pre-recorded speech, U.S. Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announces that the U.S. Navy's third Gerald R. Ford|aircraft carrier, CVN-80, will be named ''Enterprise''. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gk5QgnMNNr_lGXX0FgY-QZAwfeuw?docId=9a61035838354770807da23686043a14)

### Related:

1. [FBI Director Comey also announces  the five military shooting deaths last July in Chattanooga, Tennessee, are now officially classified as a terrorist attack. The shooter, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez,  was inspired and motivated by foreign terrorist propaganda. U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus announces the Navy will award the Purple Heart to the four Marines and one sailor who were killed, and the one Marine who was injured. ](/news/2015/12/16/fbi-director-comey-also-announces-the-five-military-shooting-deaths-last-july-in-chattanooga-tennessee-are-now-officially-classified-as-a.md) _Context: Ray Mabus, Secretary of the Navy_
2. [ Two United States Navy F/A-18 Super Hornets, a F/A-18E and two-seat F/A-18F, flying off the aircraft carrier USS ''Harry S. Truman'', crash in the Persian Gulf. The aviators were safely recovered. There was no indication of hostile fire. ](/news/2008/01/7/two-united-states-navy-f-a-18-super-hornets-a-f-a-18e-and-two-seat-f-a-18f-flying-off-the-aircraft-carrier-uss-harry-s-truman-crash.md) _Context: United States Navy, aircraft carrier_
3. [Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS ''Fitzgerald'' and the MV ''ACX Crysta''l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-prior-day-s-collision-between-the-uss-fitzgerald.md) _Context: United States Navy_
4. [The USS ''Fitzgerald'', a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV ''ACX Crystal'' off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx-crystal-off-the-coast-of-japan-at-around-2.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [Philip Bilden, nominee for Secretary of the Navy, withdraws his name from consideration. Mr. Bilden says his business interests created complications. ](/news/2017/02/26/philip-bilden-nominee-for-secretary-of-the-navy-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-mr-bilden-says-his-business-interests-created-comp.md) _Context: Secretary of the Navy_
7. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: aircraft carrier_
8. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-houthi-forces-in-yemen-while-i.md) _Context: United States Navy_
10. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: United States Navy_
