### [2015-07-18](/news/2015/07/18/index.md)

# At least four people are dead, seven injured and a girl trapped as a four story building collapses in West Delhi in India's National Capital Territory of Delhi. 

At least five people, four of them women, were killed and seven injured after a four-storey building collapsed in the Vishnu Garden area of West Delhi on Saturday night. A nine-year old&#039;s body was among the ones recovered from the debris.


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/delhi-news/4-storey-building-collapses-in-delhi-many-feared-trapped-782859)

### Related:

1. [2017 Khatauli train derailment: A train derails near Khatauli, Uttar Pradesh, India, resulting in at least 23 deaths and 156 injuries. ](/news/2017/08/19/2017-khatauli-train-derailment-a-train-derails-near-khatauli-uttar-pradesh-india-resulting-in-at-least-23-deaths-and-156-injuries.md) _Context: India_
2. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods: Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: India_
3. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-th.md) _Context: India_
4. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: India_
5. [2017 Doklam crisis: Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: India_
6. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: India_
7. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: India_
8. [History of Mumbai: At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/history-of-mumbai-at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-peo.md) _Context: India_
9. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiy.md) _Context: India_
10. [2017 Doklam crisis: Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. "[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]"](/news/2017/07/19/2017-doklam-crisis-amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-in.md) _Context: India_
