### [2015-07-18](/news/2015/07/18/index.md)

# In a failed suicide blast, a security guard intercepted a suicide bomber clad in female clothing attempting to enter Quetta's Hazara town, who then detonated their device that contained 6|to|7|kg|abbr=on of explosive material, killing themselves and the guard. [http://www.dawn.com/news/1195221/suicide-blast-at-quettas-brewery-road-kills-two (Dawn)].




### Related:

1. [February 2013 Quetta bombing:At least 84 people are killed and more than 190 injured after a bomb explodes at a market in Hazara Town on the outskirts of Quetta, in Pakistan. Most of the victims are members of the predominantly Twelver Shia Hazara minority that was targeted by Lashkar-e-Jhangvi only a month earlier. The organization later claims responsibility for the blasts. ](/news/2013/02/16/february-2013-quetta-bombing-pat-least-84-people-are-killed-and-more-than-190-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-market-in-hazara-town-on-th.md) _Context: Hazara town, Quetta_
2. [A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18  near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census-in-the-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
3. [An explosion outside a military camp in southern Yemen kills at least 49 people and injures many more. The explosion is believed to have been caused by a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest. ](/news/2016/12/18/an-explosion-outside-a-military-camp-in-southern-yemen-kills-at-least-49-people-and-injures-many-more-the-explosion-is-believed-to-have-bee.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
4. [A suicide bomber kills at least 29 people and injures 50 others in an attack on a police station near Mogadishu's port. ](/news/2016/12/11/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-50-others-in-an-attack-on-a-police-station-near-mogadishu-s-port.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
5. [Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29-people-and-injure-more-than-150.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
6. [Eight Egyptian Army soldiers are killed by a suicide bomber at a checkpoint in northern Sinai. ](/news/2016/11/24/eight-egyptian-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-checkpoint-in-northern-sinai.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
7. [  At least four are killed in an attack in Quetta, Pakistan. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/19/at-least-four-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-quetta-pakistan-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Quetta_
8. [Four members of the Afghan National Security Forces are killed and 11 people are injured during a suicide bomber attack near the Afghan defense ministry headquarters in Kabul. ](/news/2016/11/16/four-members-of-the-afghan-national-security-forces-are-killed-and-11-people-are-injured-during-a-suicide-bomber-attack-near-the-afghan-defe.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
9. [An apparent sectarian attack by two motorcyclists who open fire on a bus traveling to Hazara Town, Quetta, Pakistan, kills four women from Pakistan's Shia Hazara and injures two other people. ](/news/2016/10/4/an-apparent-sectarian-attack-by-two-motorcyclists-who-open-fire-on-a-bus-traveling-to-hazara-town-quetta-pakistan-kills-four-women-from-p.md) _Context: Quetta_
10. [Gunmen attack a Pakistani police training academy in the southwestern city of Quetta, leaving at least 59 people dead and 117 others injured. ISIL - Khorasan Province claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/10/25/gunmen-attack-a-pakistani-police-training-academy-in-the-southwestern-city-of-quetta-leaving-at-least-59-people-dead-and-117-others-injured.md) _Context: Quetta_
