### [2009-09-9](/news/2009/09/9/index.md)

#  US Representative Joe Wilson (R-SC) interrupts President Barack Obama's health care speech to the Congress with an audible shout of "You lie!" 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/09/11/us/politics/11Wilson.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Republican, U.S., U.S. Congress_
2. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. Congress_
3. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Republican, U.S._
4. [Nikki Haley wins the Republican Party primary to be the Republican candidate in the South Carolina gubernatorial election in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/22/nikki-haley-wins-the-republican-party-primary-to-be-the-republican-candidate-in-the-south-carolina-gubernatorial-election-in-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Republican, South Carolina, U.S._
5. [ The United States Congress certifies the results of the 2008 presidential election, confirming Barack Obama as President-elect. ](/news/2009/01/8/the-united-states-congress-certifies-the-results-of-the-2008-presidential-election-confirming-barack-obama-as-president-elect.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S., U.S. Congress_
6. [ Administration of United States President-elect Barack Obama:  Republican Party Representative Ray LaHood of Illinois is nominated as the next Secretary of Transportation. ](/news/2008/12/19/administration-of-united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-p-republican-party-representative-ray-lahood-of-illinois-is-nominated-as-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Republican, U.S._
7. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Republican, U.S._
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S._
9. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: South Carolina, U.S._
10. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S._
