### [2010-03-5](/news/2010/03/5/index.md)

# 15 Israeli police are "lightly hurt" and several dozen Palestinians are injured and three are arrested after Friday prayers on the Temple Mount and a recent Israeli decision to include two West Bank shrines on a list of national heritage sites.




### Source:

1. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1154404.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli police and Palestinians clash at Temple Mount, Jerusalem's holiest site, resulting in 12 arrests. ](/news/2009/10/25/israeli-police-and-palestinians-clash-at-temple-mount-jerusalem-s-holiest-site-resulting-in-12-arrests.md) _Context: Palestinian, Temple Mount_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Temple Mount_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Temple Mount_
4. [Law in Israel. Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/law-in-israel-israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Palestinian_
5. [2017 Temple Mount shooting. Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/2017-temple-mount-shooting-two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Temple Mount_
6. [Fatah-Hamas conflict. The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/fatah-hamas-conflict-the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax.md) _Context: Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process. A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effo.md) _Context: Palestinian_
8. [Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". ](/news/2016/09/8/newly-revealed-secret-information-decoded-from-documents-from-the-mitrokhin-archive-a-collection-of-handwritten-notes-by-kgb-archivist-vas.md) _Context: Palestinian_
9. [A high court in the State of Palestine suspends upcoming municipal elections. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-high-court-in-the-state-of-palestine-suspends-upcoming-municipal-elections.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Non-aligned Movement. Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Palestinian_
