### [2010-03-5](/news/2010/03/5/index.md)

# Irish Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheal Martin, writing in the "International Herald Tribune", says Israel's blockade of Gaza is "inhumane and unacceptable" and calls on the European Union and other countries to request that it be ended following his visit there last week. 

Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin has described the Israeli blockade of Gaza as &#39;inhumane and utterly unacceptable&#39;.


### Source:

1. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1154408.html)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0305/gaza.html)

### Related:

1. [Irish Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheal Martin makes history as he leads a 10-member delegation to Gaza via Egypt, becoming the first EU Foreign Minister to visit since the 2009 Israeli assault after having previously been refused entry by Israel. He calls on Israel to end the blockade. ](/news/2010/02/25/irish-minister-for-foreign-affairs-michea-l-martin-makes-history-as-he-leads-a-10-member-delegation-to-gaza-via-egypt-becoming-the-first-eu.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Micheal Martin, Minister for Foreign Affairs_
2. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: EU, Gaza, Israel_
3. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: EU, Gaza, Israel_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
5. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
6. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, Israel_
7. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
8. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
9. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
10. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel_
