### [2012-02-8](/news/2012/02/8/index.md)

# A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5j_4pjSs7MYyUnzcZZ6qSUZ1TdIyQ?docId=cca747ce99584b6ba09080465dd46a75)

### Related:

1. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
2. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
3. [The Greek Cabinet approves additional austerity measures demanded by the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/18/the-greek-cabinet-approves-additional-austerity-measures-demanded-by-the-european-union-and-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund, government of Greece_
4. [Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. ](/news/2010/11/18/officials-from-the-international-monetary-fund-the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-union-arrive-in-dublin-to-discuss-the-irish-debt.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
6. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
7. [The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-head-of-the-eurogroup-and-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
10. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
