### [2012-02-8](/news/2012/02/8/index.md)

# In Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., the prosecution and defense both make their opening statements in the trial of former University of Virginia men's lacrosse player George Huguely on murder charges in the 2010 death of former UVA women's lacrosse player Yeardley Love. 

A former University of Virginia lacrosse player and the ex-girlfriend he is accused of killing traded allegations of infidelity and angry emails in the months before her death, with one of his messages saying: &quot;I should have killed you,&quot; prosecutors said


### Source:

1. [AP via ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-sports/story/_/id/7554938/virginia-cavaliers-lacrosse-fights-detailed-start-murder-trial)

### Related:

1. [In Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., former University of Virginia men's lacrosse player George Huguely is found guilty of second-degree murder in the 2010 death of former UVA women's lacrosse player Yeardley Love. The jury recommends a 26-year prison sentence, with formal sentencing scheduled for April. ](/news/2012/02/22/in-charlottesville-virginia-u-s-former-university-of-virginia-men-s-lacrosse-player-george-huguely-is-found-guilty-of-second-degree-murd.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, University of Virginia, Yeardley Love, men's lacrosse_
2. [3M CEO Inge Thulin and Campbell CEO Denise Morrison resign from the American Manufacturing Council in protest of Trump's reaction to the alt-right's actions at Charlottesville, Virginia, bringing the total number of resignations this week to 8. ](/news/2017/08/16/3m-ceo-inge-thulin-and-campbell-ceo-denise-morrison-resign-from-the-american-manufacturing-council-in-protest-of-trump-s-reaction-to-the-alt.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
3. [Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-for-neo-nazi-white.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
4. [During a protest in Durham, North Carolina, to show solidarity with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Confederate monument was pulled down and destroyed; a woman has been arrested and charged in connection with the event. ](/news/2017/08/14/during-a-protest-in-durham-north-carolina-to-show-solidarity-with-the-events-in-charlottesville-virginia-a-confederate-monument-was-pull.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
5. [Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-edward-lee-sc.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
6. [A white nationalist rally called "Unite the Right" takes place in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/11/a-white-nationalist-rally-called-unite-the-right-takes-place-in-charlottesville-virginia.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
7. [ North Korea sentences American Otto Warmbier, a 21-year-old from Cincinnati, Ohio, studying at the University of Virginia, to 15 years hard labor for removing a political poster from a hotel. ](/news/2016/03/16/north-korea-sentences-american-otto-warmbier-a-21-year-old-from-cincinnati-ohio-studying-at-the-university-of-virginia-to-15-years-hard.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
8. [In the United States, the University of Virginia fraternity that was the subject of a "Rolling Stone" article about a brutal campus rape, filed a $25 million defamation lawsuit against the magazine and the article's writer. ](/news/2015/11/9/in-the-united-states-the-university-of-virginia-fraternity-that-was-the-subject-of-a-rolling-stone-article-about-a-brutal-campus-rape-fi.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
9. [University of Virginia fraternity Phi Kappa Psi announces that it will "pursue all available options" against "Rolling Stone" magazine a day after the magazine withdraws "A Rape on Campus", a story alleging a student was gang-raped at a party in 2012. ](/news/2015/04/6/university-of-virginia-fraternity-phi-kappa-psi-announces-that-it-will-pursue-all-available-options-against-rolling-stone-magazine-a-day.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
10. ["Rolling Stone" magazine retracts "A Rape on Campus", a discredited story claiming an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia. ](/news/2015/04/5/rolling-stone-magazine-retracts-a-rape-on-campus-a-discredited-story-claiming-an-alleged-gang-rape-at-the-university-of-virginia.md) _Context: University of Virginia_
