### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# A Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia report reveals that an agent with the Presidential Protective Service of the United States Secret Service had his weapon, shield, and other professional equipage stolen from his vehicle in broad daylight in downtown Washington, D.C. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/22/politics/secret-service-gun-badge-stolen-dc/index.html)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: DC police, Washington, D.C._
2. [In Washington, D. C., Secret Service agents apprehend a White House north fence jumper. ](/news/2014/10/22/in-washington-d-c-secret-service-agents-apprehend-a-white-house-north-fence-jumper.md) _Context: United States Secret Service, Washington, D.C._
3. [ The White House and United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. are evacuated, amid reports of an incoming aircraft. The US Secret Service subsequently issues an all-clear. ](/news/2005/05/11/the-white-house-and-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-are-evacuated-amid-reports-of-an-incoming-aircraft-the-us-secret-service-su.md) _Context: United States Secret Service, Washington, D.C._
4. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
5. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
6. [Some protesters of the inauguration smash windows, damage cars, and clash with the police. Six police officers and at least one civilian are injured. DC police say 217 protesters have been arrested. ](/news/2017/01/20/some-protesters-of-the-inauguration-smash-windows-damage-cars-and-clash-with-the-police-six-police-officers-and-at-least-one-civilian-are.md) _Context: DC police_
7. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [ A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-being-rushed-off-stage-by-united-states-secret-service-agents-at-a-camp.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
9. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
10. [Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for  green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with  44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. ](/news/2016/06/28/volkswagen-and-the-united-states-justice-department-agree-on-a-14-7-billion-settlement-for-its-emissions-cheating-program-the-breakdown.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
