### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# Amnesty International reports at least 200 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes in Syria, indicating "serious failures by Russia to respect international humanitarian law". Moscow denies causing civilian deaths. 

Amnesty International says at least 200 civilians died in the first two months of Russian air strikes in Syria and war crimes may have been committed.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35162523)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-increased-airstrikes-by-russia-have-forced-humanitarian-assistance.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Using social media, Russian investigative bloggers from the Conflict Intelligence Team photo-geolocate three Russian military personnel outside expected air support operations areas -- evidence of what the group says may be a broader Russian military role in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/9/using-social-media-russian-investigative-bloggers-from-the-conflict-intelligence-team-photo-geolocate-three-russian-military-personnel-outs.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
5. [NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia's pair of violations of Turkish airspace over the weekend do not look like accidents. Russia, which said it's looking into claims of a second violation, reported the first violation lasted a few seconds and was due to poor weather. ](/news/2015/10/6/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-russia-s-pair-of-violations-of-turkish-airspace-over-the-weekend-do-not-look-like-accidents-ru.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Russian airstrikes in Syria's coastal Latakia province have killed a top FSA commander, Basil Zamo, and several other rebel fighters. ](/news/2015/10/20/russian-airstrikes-in-syriaas-coastal-latakia-province-have-killed-a-top-fsa-commander-basil-zamo-and-several-other-rebel-fighters.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-of-pro-government-supporters-rallied-outside-in-support-of-russi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War_
