### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# Boko Haram insurgency: An overnight raid by suspected Boko Haram militants on Niger's southern border town of Abadam, kills two Nigerien Army soldiers and three civilians. And, separately, a suicide-bomb attack on Lake Chad killed three of the attackers but no one else. A military convoy was also ambushed by militants in northern Cameroon, although there were no reported deaths. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-nigeria-violence-niger-idUSKBN0U618O20151223?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Lake Chad, Niger_
2. [Boko Haram insurgency: Clashes near the village of Toumour in Niger's southeast Diffa Region kill at least 30 Boko Haram militants and five Niger Armed Forces soldiers. ](/news/2016/09/14/boko-haram-insurgency-clashes-near-the-village-of-toumour-in-niger-s-southeast-diffa-region-kill-at-least-30-boko-haram-militants-and-five.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, soldiers_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency: Niger, following attacks by Boko Haram on Bosso and Yebi in the Lake Chad region, extends for three months a state of emergency in Diffa. ](/news/2016/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-niger-following-attacks-by-boko-haram-on-bosso-and-yebi-in-the-lake-chad-region-extends-for-three-months-a-state-of.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Lake Chad_
4. [ Boko Haram insurgency: Niger security forces kill 12 Boko Haram militants in Bosso. ](/news/2016/05/29/boko-haram-insurgency-niger-security-forces-kill-12-boko-haram-militants-in-bosso.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency: A Boko Haram attack near Lake Chad kills at least 11 Chadian troops while 17 Boko Haram militants are also reportedly killed in the fighting following the pre-dawn strike on Chadian army positions. ](/news/2015/10/6/boko-haram-insurgency-a-boko-haram-attack-near-lake-chad-kills-at-least-11-chadian-troops-while-17-boko-haram-militants-are-also-reportedly.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Lake Chad_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected Boko Haram militants kill 14 civilians in the southeast Diffa Region of Niger near the Nigerian border. The Nigerien government recently approved a law prolonging a 15-day state of emergency for the Diffa region by three months in a bid to boost security. ](/news/2015/10/28/boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-boko-haram-militants-kill-14-civilians-in-the-southeast-diffa-region-of-niger-near-the-nigerian-border-the.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency: Timeline of Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected militants from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram killed 26 people in attacks on two villages on Lake Chad, Chad. ](/news/2015/07/8/boko-haram-insurgency-timeline-of-boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-militants-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-killed-26-people-i.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Lake Chad_
8. [Boko Haram: Boko Haram captures Karamga island in Lake Chad from Niger, killing many soldiers. ](/news/2015/04/26/boko-haram-boko-haram-captures-karamga-island-in-lake-chad-from-niger-killing-many-soldiers.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad, Niger_
9. [2015 Baga massacre: Refugees flee Nigeria's Borno State following the Boko Haram massacre in the town of Baga. 7,300 flee to neighbouring Chad while over 1,000 are trapped on the island of Kangala in Lake Chad. Nigeria's army vows to recapture the town, while Niger and Chad withdraw their forces from a transnational force tasked with combating militants. ](/news/2015/01/9/2015-baga-massacre-refugees-flee-nigeria-s-borno-state-following-the-boko-haram-massacre-in-the-town-of-baga-7-300-flee-to-neighbouring-ch.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad, Niger_
10. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-6.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
