### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# Clashes continue between PKK militants and Turkish Army troops in the Kurdish-majority city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey. At least one Turkish soldier is killed and several are wounded in a bomb attack. 

Clashes between Turkish security forces and Kurdish militants intensified in the southeastern city of Diyarbakir on Wednesday after a bomb attack on troops there killed one soldier and wounded seven other people, security sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-kurds-idUSKBN0U61J320151223)

### Related:

1. [Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish, Turkish Land Forces_
2. [Turkish security forces kill 23 suspected members of the Kurdistan Workers' Party in operations in the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi. ](/news/2015/12/17/turkish-security-forces-kill-23-suspected-members-of-the-kurdistan-workers-party-in-operations-in-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre-and.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish_
3. [Suspected Kurdish militants fire rockets at Diyarbakir Airport in Diyarbakir, Turkey. ](/news/2016/08/27/suspected-kurdish-militants-fire-rockets-at-diyarbaka-r-airport-in-diyarbaka-r-turkey.md) _Context: Diyarbakır, Kurdish, Turkish_
4. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Diyarbakır, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish_
5. [At least seven people are killed in clashes between Turkish security forces and Kurdish protesters across southeast Turkey, as Turkish authorities declare new curfews across the restive region. According to the Human Rights Foundation of Turkey, 52 curfews have been imposed since mid-August by Turkish authorities across seven Turkish provinces in the region, placing around 1.3 million people under curfew. ](/news/2015/12/14/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-turkish-security-forces-and-kurdish-protesters-across-southeast-turkey-as-turkish-autho.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Kurdish, Turkish_
6. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Kurdish, Turkish_
7. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkish_
8. [ A car bomb kills at least eight people and injures up to 100 in Diyarbakir, Turkey. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-car-bomb-kills-at-least-eight-people-and-injures-up-to-100-in-diyarbaka-r-turkey.md) _Context: Diyarbakır, Turkish_
9. [A suspected PKK car bomb kills at least 17 people, and injures 27 others in Turkey's southeast Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-suspected-pkk-car-bomb-kills-at-least-17-people-and-injures-27-others-in-turkey-s-southeast-hakkac-ri-province.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish_
10. [Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrikes-in-three-recently-captured-from-isil-villages-west-of.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkish_
