### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. -We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down,- it said. -After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure,- the group added. 

Hacking collective Anonymous has claimed responsibility for the week-long cyberattack on Turkey, which it accused of “supporting” ISIL


### Source:

1. [Hurriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/anonymous-claims-cyberattacks-on-turkey-declares-cyber-war.aspx?PageID=238&NID=92907&NewsCatID=352)
2. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/anonymous-declares-war-on-turkey-opsis-russia-cyberattack-erdogan-a6784026.html)

### Related:

1. [Syria-United States relations. Turkey-United States relations. Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
2. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
4. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
5. [Turkey-ISIL conflict. A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkey-isil-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziant.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
7. [Russia-Turkey relations. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/russia-turkey-relations-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-stat.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
8. [2016 Istanbul airport attack. A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/2016-istanbul-airport-attack-a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
9. [Ataturk Airport attack. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/atata1-4rk-airport-attack-turkey-isil-conflict-suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
10. [Manbij offensive. Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/manbij-offensive-kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-c.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
