### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# Terrorism in Australia: Australian police in Sydney arrest two men who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. 

Two men are arrested in counter-terrorism raids in Sydney after police thwarted what they say were plots to attack locations including a naval base.


### Source:

1. [Australian Broadcasting Corporation](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-12-23/two-charged-after-sydney-counter-terrorism-raids/7049918)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-australia-security-idUSKBN0U60CL20151223)

### Related:

1. [Australian east coast low: The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/australian-east-coast-low-the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disrupt.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales, Sydney_
2. [The Australian Federal Police arrest 24-year-old Matthew Flannery of Sydney, the self-proclaimed leader of the LulzSec hacking group in the New South Wales city of Gosford. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-australian-federal-police-arrest-24-year-old-matthew-flannery-of-sydney-the-self-proclaimed-leader-of-the-lulzsec-hacking-group-in-the.md) _Context: New South Wales, Sydney, police_
3. [ The cities of Canberra, Sydney and Brisbane in Australia are covered by a dust storm, the worst in at least 70 years. Aviation in New South Wales is disrupted. ](/news/2009/09/23/the-cities-of-canberra-sydney-and-brisbane-in-australia-are-covered-by-a-dust-storm-the-worst-in-at-least-70-years-aviation-in-new-south.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales, Sydney_
4. [Cyclone Debbie: The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/cyclone-debbie-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-ri.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
5. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
6. [Australian east coast low: The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
7. [ Australian east coast low: New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: New South Wales, Sydney_
8. [Protesters on Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia, occupy the former Legislative Assembly to protest Australia's termination of the island's autonomy. In July, Norfolk Island is set to become part of the State of New South Wales. ](/news/2016/04/29/protesters-on-norfolk-island-an-external-territory-of-australia-occupy-the-former-legislative-assembly-to-protest-australia-s-termination.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
9. [A gunman, who killed one man, injured two others, and was holding three people hostage, is found dead when an armed tactical response police team storms a building in the Ingleburn industrial area in suburban Sydney, Australia. All hostages were unharmed. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-gunman-who-killed-one-man-injured-two-others-and-was-holding-three-people-hostage-is-found-dead-when-an-armed-tactical-response-police.md) _Context: Australia, Sydney_
10. [The Australian Federal Police raid the Sydney home of Craig Steven Wright &ndash; whom media today claimed was suspected to be Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin &ndash; in relation to possible tax offences. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-australian-federal-police-raid-the-sydney-home-of-craig-steven-wright-ndash-whom-media-today-claimed-was-suspected-to-be-satoshi-nakam.md) _Context: Sydney, police_
