### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council  expressed "deep concern"  at the number of violations of Yemen's  ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. 

The United Nations Security Council on Wednesday voiced alarm at breaches of a ceasefire in Yemen that was introduced alongside U.N.-brokered peace talks aimed at ending a civil war between the exiled government and Iranian-allied Houthi rebels.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-un-idUSKBN0U61U320151223)
2. [Saudi Gazette](http://saudigazette.com.sa/world/yemen-peace-plan-fragile-says-special-un-envoy/)
3. [Time](http://time.com/4159810/yemen-conflict-un-balkanization/)
4. [UN](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=52897#.VnsU5E9BmQw)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the deteriorating security situation in Yemen as the United States removes all remaining personnel. ](/news/2015/03/22/the-united-nations-security-council-meets-to-discuss-the-deteriorating-security-situation-in-yemen-as-the-united-states-removes-all-remainin.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
2. [Despite criticism by UN Special Envoy for Yemen, 42 cabinet members of the National Salvation Government in Yemen have taken oath and convened its first meeting. The new government, led by the former governor of Aden Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour, vowed to help UN efforts for peace and stability in the country.](/news/2016/12/1/despite-criticism-by-un-special-envoy-for-yemen-42-cabinet-members-of-the-national-salvation-government-in-yemen-have-taken-oath-and-conven.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen's_
3. [The United Nations announces that the warring parties in Yemen have agreed to a 72-hour ceasefire starting October 19 at 23:59 AST (4:59 EDT). ](/news/2016/10/17/the-united-nations-announces-that-the-warring-parties-in-yemen-have-agreed-to-a-72-hour-ceasefire-starting-october-19-at-23-59-ast-4-59-edt.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen's_
4. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
5. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-for-october-9-un.md) _Context: Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
6. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
7. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
9. [Following heavy pressure from world powers, Yemen's warring factions agree on an agenda for U.N.-backed peace negotiations to continue. ](/news/2016/04/26/following-heavy-pressure-from-world-powers-yemen-s-warring-factions-agree-on-an-agenda-for-u-n-backed-peace-negotiations-to-continue.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen's_
10. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
