### [2015-12-23](/news/2015/12/23/index.md)

# Two Palestinian attackers stab passers-by at the Old City's Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem, Israel, killing two and injuring one; the attackers are shot and killed by two Israeli Border Police officers. 

Both assailants shot and killed by 2 female Border Police officers; Police heighten security for thousands of Christian tourists expected in Old City for Christmas.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/23/middleeast/jerusalem-violence-stabbing/)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Breaking-At-least-three-wounded-in-suspected-stabbing-attack-at-Jerusalems-Jaffa-Gate-438171)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=321991)

### Related:

1. [Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank. Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank-jerusalem-s-hadassah-hospital-repor.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Jerusalem_
2. [A 6th century mosaic dated from the rule of Justinian I is discovered while installing communication cables in Jerusalem's Old City. ](/news/2017/08/24/a-6th-century-mosaic-dated-from-the-rule-of-justinian-i-is-discovered-while-installing-communication-cables-in-jerusalem-s-old-city.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Old City_
3. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
4. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
6. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
7. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
8. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
9. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
10. [A bomb explosion in Jerusalem set two buses on fire and injured 21 people with ball bearing and nails. Israeli police say they believe the incident was a suicide bombing but no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-bomb-explosion-in-jerusalem-set-two-buses-on-fire-and-injured-21-people-with-ball-bearing-and-nails-israeli-police-say-they-believe-the-i.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
