### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-un-idUSKBN18T2X3)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170602&t=2&i=1187357208&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED51239)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-the-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-twenty-years-due-to-continued-efforts-to-develop-a-nucle.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [The People's Republic of China refuses to let the United Nations Security Council publish a report on North Korea's efforts to avoid sanctions on its nuclear program. ](/news/2011/02/23/the-people-s-republic-of-china-refuses-to-let-the-united-nations-security-council-publish-a-report-on-north-korea-s-efforts-to-avoid-sanctio.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [ North Korea launches its sixth ballistic missile despite the United Nations Security Council's possible international sanctions. ](/news/2009/05/30/north-korea-launches-its-sixth-ballistic-missile-despite-the-united-nations-security-council-s-possible-international-sanctions.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: intercontinental ballistic_
