### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. 

Disney boss Bob Iger has become the latest chief executive to quit Donald Trump’s business advisory council, protesting the President’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Mr Iger wrote on Twitter that &quot;as a matter of principle, I&#039;ve resigned from the President&#039;s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal&quot;.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/paris-agreement-withdrawal-bob-iger-disney-ceo-donald-trump-elon-musk-advisory-council-tech-climate-a7768346.html)

### Related:

1. [Elon Musk quits as an official advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump in protest at the United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/1/elon-musk-quits-as-an-official-advisor-to-u-s-president-donald-trump-in-protest-at-the-united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-paris-agreement-on-climate-change-mitigation.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
3. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
4. [The meeting of Group of 7 leaders in Taormina, Italy, concludes with a disagreement on whether to uphold the Paris Agreement; U.S. President Donald Trump is the only leader not to confirm commitment to the agreement, due to his climate change denial. ](/news/2017/05/27/the-meeting-of-group-of-7-leaders-in-taormina-italy-concludes-with-a-disagreement-on-whether-to-uphold-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement_
5. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: Elon Musk_
8. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump visits Warsaw, where he speaks of defeating radical Islamist terrorism, pledges to uphold the North Atlantic Treaty, and urges Russia to "join the community of responsible nations." ](/news/2017/07/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-visits-warsaw-where-he-speaks-of-defeating-radical-islamist-terrorism-pledges-to-uphold-the-north-atlantic-tre.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
