### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. 

UNITED NATIONS: The 193-member United Nations General Assembly elected Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Kuwait, Peru and Poland to the U.N. Security Council on Friday for a two-year term beginning Jan. 1, 2018. The Netherlands was elected for a one-year term after reaching a deal with Italy last year to split a two-year term. Voting between the pair was deadlocked last year so they agreed that Italy would serve on the council for 2017 and then step down to allow the Netherlands to be elected for 2018. While all the countries were running unopposed, they still needed more than two-thirds of the overall vote to win a seat. Ivory Coast received 189 votes, Equatorial Guinea got 185, Kuwait received 188, Peru won 186, Poland got 190, and the Netherlands received 184 votes. The council is made up of 10 elected members, five voted on each year and five permanent veto-powers: the United States, Britain, France, China and Russia. The council is the only U.N. body that can make legally binding decisions and has the power to impose sanctions and authorize the use of force. To ensure geographical representation on the Council, there are five seats apportioned for African and Asian states; one for Eastern European states; two for the Latin American and Caribbean states and two for Western European and other states. Regional groups generally agree upon the candidates to put forward and competitive races for seats are increasingly rare. Human rights activists, however, said this was a &#034;serious problem.&#034; &#034;Member states should be able to choose whether or not they trust a country like Equatorial Guinea with the maintenance of international peace and security,&#034; said Human Rights Watch U.N. director Louis Charbonneau. &#034;Equatorial Guinea is a country that has harassed human rights defenders and civil groups, often with arbitrary detentions,&#034; he said. &#034;As the Security Council increasingly mainstreams the promotion of human rights, we hope Equatorial Guinea won&#039;t push back or undermine that.&#034; Equatorial Guinea&#039;s government has denied accusations of corruption and human rights abuses. (Reporting by Michelle Nichols, editing by G Crosse)


### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/equatorial-guinea--kuwait--peru--poland--ivory-coast-elected-to-un-security-council-8908416)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Peru, Poland_
2. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Poland_
3. [The face of the Peruvian Moche mummy the Lady of Cao is reconstructed from its skull structure, using forensic archaeology techniques and ethnographic research. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-face-of-the-peruvian-moche-mummy-the-lady-of-cao-is-reconstructed-from-its-skull-structure-using-forensic-archaeology-techniques-and-et.md) _Context: Peru_
4. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: Peru_
5. [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of  intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [A trial at a court in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, opens to try former President Blaise Compaor and members of his cabinet in absentia. Burkina Faso accuses Compaor, who is in exile in the Ivory Coast, of ordering the killing of protesters during the uprising that ousted him in 2014. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-trial-at-a-court-in-ouagadougou-burkina-faso-opens-to-try-former-president-blaise-compaore-and-members-of-his-cabinet-in-absentia-burki.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
8. [Ivorian soldiers block access to Bouak, the  second-largest city in Ivory Coast amid a dispute over pay. The town of Odienn is also reported to be under mutineer control. ](/news/2017/05/13/ivorian-soldiers-block-access-to-bouake-the-second-largest-city-in-ivory-coast-amid-a-dispute-over-pay-the-town-of-odienne-is-also-report.md) _Context: Ivory Coast_
9. [ In Swiebodzice, Poland, an old tenement house collapses killing at least six people, including two children, and injuring six. The exploration teams are looking for 4 missing people. ](/news/2017/04/8/in-awiebodzice-poland-an-old-tenement-house-collapses-killing-at-least-six-people-including-two-children-and-injuring-six-the-explora.md) _Context: Poland_
10. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
