## [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

### [ A terrorist threat results in the evacuation of tens of thousands of fans at the first day of the annual Rock am Ring music festival at the Zeppelinfeld in Nuremberg, Germany. Organizers say they hope the festival will resume Saturday. ](/news/2017/06/2/a-terrorist-threat-results-in-the-evacuation-of-tens-of-thousands-of-fans-at-the-first-day-of-the-annual-rock-am-ring-music-festival-at-the.md)
Fans hoping to see German rock giants Rammstein stream out of the Nuerburg arena instead.

### [Fifteen young children die  of "severe sepsis/toxicity" from contaminated  vaccine during South Sudan's measles vaccination campaign.  In one instance, a syringe containing vaccine stored without refrigeration was used for all the children during the four-day campaign. ](/news/2017/06/2/fifteen-young-children-die-of-severe-sepsis-toxicity-from-contaminated-vaccine-during-south-sudan-s-measles-vaccination-campaign-in-on.md)
Contaminated measles vaccine killed 15 children in South Sudan, U.N. and WHO officials say

### [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md)
UNITED NATIONS: The 193-member United Nations General Assembly elected Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Kuwait, Peru and Poland to the U.N. Security Council on Friday for a two-year term beginning Jan. 1, 2018. The Netherlands was elected for a one-year term after reaching a deal with Italy last year to split a two-year term. Voting between the pair was deadlocked last year so they agreed that Italy would serve on the council for 2017 and then step down to allow the Netherlands to be elected for 2018. While all the countries were running unopposed, they still needed more than two-thirds of the overall vote to win a seat. Ivory Coast received 189 votes, Equatorial Guinea got 185, Kuwait received 188, Peru won 186, Poland got 190, and the Netherlands received 184 votes. The council is made up of 10 elected members, five voted on each year and five permanent veto-powers: the United States, Britain, France, China and Russia. The council is the only U.N. body that can make legally binding decisions and has the power to impose sanctions and authorize the use of force. To ensure geographical representation on the Council, there are five seats apportioned for African and Asian states; one for Eastern European states; two for the Latin American and Caribbean states and two for Western European and other states. Regional groups generally agree upon the candidates to put forward and competitive races for seats are increasingly rare. Human rights activists, however, said this was a &#034;serious problem.&#034; &#034;Member states should be able to choose whether or not they trust a country like Equatorial Guinea with the maintenance of international peace and security,&#034; said Human Rights Watch U.N. director Louis Charbonneau. &#034;Equatorial Guinea is a country that has harassed human rights defenders and civil groups, often with arbitrary detentions,&#034; he said. &#034;As the Security Council increasingly mainstreams the promotion of human rights, we hope Equatorial Guinea won&#039;t push back or undermine that.&#034; Equatorial Guinea&#039;s government has denied accusations of corruption and human rights abuses. (Reporting by Michelle Nichols, editing by G Crosse)

### [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of  intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md)
_Context: Army's Strategic Rocket Force, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_

### [Russia lifts more trade sanctions it had placed on Turkey following the 2015 downing of a Russian fighter jet. ](/news/2017/06/2/russia-lifts-more-trade-sanctions-it-had-placed-on-turkey-following-the-2015-downing-of-a-russian-fighter-jet.md)
The Russian government continues to partially remove sanctions on Turkey. A new decree lifted the ban on some agricultural products and some Turkish firms. Tomato imports might be allowed for some special uses, as Russia supports its own production

### [At least 37 people are killed in a deliberately lit fire at Resorts World Manila in the Philippines. The perpetrator stole gaming chips and fired gun shots before committing suicide. ](/news/2017/06/2/at-least-37-people-are-killed-in-a-deliberately-lit-fire-at-resorts-world-manila-in-the-philippines-the-perpetrator-stole-gaming-chips-and.md)
_Context: 2017 Resorts World Manila attack, Philippines, Resorts World Manila_

### [Five anti-government/anti-Taliban protestors are shot dead by police in Kabul, Afghanistan, after demanding that the government step down in the wake of the May 2017 Kabul attack. ](/news/2017/06/2/five-anti-government-anti-taliban-protestors-are-shot-dead-by-police-in-kabul-afghanistan-after-demanding-that-the-government-step-down-in.md)
_Context: Kabul, May 2017 Kabul attack, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_

### [Former Pennsylvania State University president Graham Spanier, former vice president Gary Schultz, and former athletic director Timothy Curley are sentenced to prison for covering up ex-coach Jerry Sandusky's criminal sexual acts, thereby  letting him victimize more boys.  ](/news/2017/06/2/former-pennsylvania-state-university-president-graham-spanier-former-vice-president-gary-schultz-and-former-athletic-director-timothy-curl.md)
_Context: Graham Spanier, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, Pennsylvania State University, Timothy Curley_

### [Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils-in-response-to-trump-s-decision-to-withdraw-the-u.md)
Disney boss Bob Iger has become the latest chief executive to quit Donald Trump’s business advisory council, protesting the President’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Mr Iger wrote on Twitter that &quot;as a matter of principle, I&#039;ve resigned from the President&#039;s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal&quot;.

### [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md)
LEO Varadkar has been confirmed as the new leader of Fine Gael &#8211; and looks set to become the youngest Taoiseach in the history of the State aged just 38. Frontrunner Leo battled for the covet…

### [Two of Jupiter's moons, S/2003 J 18 and S/2011 J 2 are recovered, and a small 1.5-kilometer outer moon (S/2016 J 1) is discovered, the first moon discovered around a major planet in 6 years. ](/news/2017/06/2/two-of-jupiter-s-moons-s-2003-j-18-and-s-2011-j-2-are-recovered-and-a-small-1-5-kilometer-outer-moon-s-2016-j-1-is-discovered-the-first.md)
_Context: S/2003 J 18, S/2011 J 2, S/2016 J 1, the first moon_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2017/06/1/index.md)

