### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# Leo Varadkar becomes the new Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland and leader of the Fine Gael party, after winning 51 of the 73 votes in the parliamentary party. He is the youngest, and is the first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. 

LEO Varadkar has been confirmed as the new leader of Fine Gael &#8211; and looks set to become the youngest Taoiseach in the history of the State aged just 38. Frontrunner Leo battled for the covet…


### Source:

1. [The Sun](https://www.thesun.ie/news/1082271/leo-varadkar-set-to-become-irelands-youngest-ever-and-first-gay-taoiseach-after-beating-simon-coveney-to-be-crowned-fine-gael-leader/)

### Related:

1. [Ireland's Fine Gael Deputy Leader and Finance Spokesperson Richard Bruton, brother of former Taoiseach John Bruton, is sacked after publicly declaring his lack of confidence in Fine Gael's leader Enda Kenny. ](/news/2010/06/14/ireland-s-fine-gael-deputy-leader-and-finance-spokesperson-richard-bruton-brother-of-former-taoiseach-john-bruton-is-sacked-after-publicly.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland, Taoiseach_
2. [Irish Minister for Defence Willie O'Dea resigns after a controversy surrounding his remarks on a rival politician's relationship with brothels but denies claims by opposition party Fine Gael that he has committed perjury. Taoiseach Brian Cowen assigns himself temporary responsibility for the Department of Defence. ](/news/2010/02/18/irish-minister-for-defence-willie-o-dea-resigns-after-a-controversy-surrounding-his-remarks-on-a-rival-politician-s-relationship-with-brothe.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland, Taoiseach_
3. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny announces that he will step down as leader of Fine Gael from midnight, but will remain Taoiseach until a leader is elected. ](/news/2017/05/17/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-announces-that-he-will-step-down-as-leader-of-fine-gael-from-midnight-but-will-remain-taoiseach-until-a-leader-i.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
4. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Taoiseach_
5. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland_
6. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [Ireland's Fine Gael food and farming minister Shane McEntee kills himself 2 days after his 56th birthday, triggering a by-election in Meath East. ](/news/2012/12/21/ireland-s-fine-gael-food-and-farming-minister-shane-mcentee-kills-himself-2-days-after-his-56th-birthday-triggering-a-by-election-in-meath.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland_
8. [In the Republic of Ireland government figures indicate less than half of the country's households have paid the household charge by today's deadline as thousands of people march on the governing Fine Gael party's annual conference at the Convention Centre Dublin. ](/news/2012/03/31/in-the-republic-of-ireland-government-figures-indicate-less-than-half-of-the-country-s-households-have-paid-the-household-charge-by-today-s.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Ireland_
9. [After 15 years, the Mahon Tribunal into political corruption in Ireland concludes with findings against high-profile politicians, including two former Taoisigh. ](/news/2012/03/22/after-15-years-the-mahon-tribunal-into-political-corruption-in-ireland-concludes-with-findings-against-high-profile-politicians-including.md) _Context: Ireland, Taoiseach_
10. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Ireland, Taoiseach_
