### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-un-idUSKBN18T2X3)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-s official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions. ](/news/2016/06/23/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launch.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-the-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-twenty-years-due-to-continued-efforts-to-develop-a-nucle.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [The People's Republic of China refuses to let the United Nations Security Council publish a report on North Korea's efforts to avoid sanctions on its nuclear program. ](/news/2011/02/23/the-people-s-republic-of-china-refuses-to-let-the-united-nations-security-council-publish-a-report-on-north-korea-s-efforts-to-avoid-sanctio.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [ North Korea launches its sixth ballistic missile despite the United Nations Security Council's possible international sanctions. ](/news/2009/05/30/north-korea-launches-its-sixth-ballistic-missile-despite-the-united-nations-security-council-s-possible-international-sanctions.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: intercontinental ballistic_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
