### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# Russia lifts more trade sanctions it had placed on Turkey following the 2015 downing of a Russian fighter jet. 

The Russian government continues to partially remove sanctions on Turkey. A new decree lifted the ban on some agricultural products and some Turkish firms. Tomato imports might be allowed for some special uses, as Russia supports its own production


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40134701)
2. [Daily Sabah](https://www.dailysabah.com/economy/2017/06/03/russian-govt-lifts-further-trade-sanctions-on-turkey)
2. [Cover Image](https://iadsb.tmgrup.com.tr/24a9e6/645/344/0/86/1000/618?u=https://idsb.tmgrup.com.tr/2017/06/02/1496431371423.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan writes Russian President Vladimir Putin to offer condolences to the family of the deceased Russian pilot of the Sukhoi Su-24 warplane shot down last November. The Kremlin has insisted on a personal apology for months. A Turkish spokesman says this is a step toward improving bilateral relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/06/27/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-writes-russian-president-vladimir-putin-to-offer-condolences-to-the-family-of-the-deceased-russian-p.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia-Turkey relations_
2. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia-Turkey relations_
3. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia-Turkey relations_
4. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: 2015 downing, Russia-Turkey relations_
5. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Russia-Turkey relations_
6. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Russia-Turkey relations_
7. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Russia-Turkey relations_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin addresses the shootdown of one of their jets in Syria by the Turkish Air Force. He goes on to say that "if anyone thinks Russia's reaction will be limited to trade sanctions, they are deeply mistaken". ](/news/2015/12/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-addresses-the-shootdown-of-one-of-their-jets-in-syria-by-the-turkish-air-force-he-goes-on-to-say-that-if.md) _Context: 2015 downing_
9. [NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's downing of a Russian jet. ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-allies-agree-to-send-aircraft-and-ships-to-strengthen-turkey-s-syrian-border-air-defenses-and-avoid-incidents-similar-to-november-s-dow.md) _Context: 2015 downing_
10. [A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. ](/news/2015/12/13/a-russian-warship-fires-warning-shots-at-a-turkish-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea-to-avoid-a-collision-according-to-the-russian-defence-ministr.md) _Context: Russia-Turkey relations_
