### [2017-06-2](/news/2017/06/2/index.md)

# United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. 

Disney boss Bob Iger has become the latest chief executive to quit Donald Trump’s business advisory council, protesting the President’s withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Mr Iger wrote on Twitter that &quot;as a matter of principle, I&#039;ve resigned from the President&#039;s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal&quot;.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/paris-agreement-withdrawal-bob-iger-disney-ceo-donald-trump-elon-musk-advisory-council-tech-climate-a7768346.html)

### Related:

1. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits as an official advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump in protest at the United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-elon-musk-quits-as-an-official-advisor-to-u-s-president-donald-trump-in-protest-at-the-u.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
2. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
3. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: The "charge d'affaires" of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's announcement he will withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-preside.md) _Context: Paris Agreement, United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement_
4. [43rd G7 summit: The meeting of Group of 7 leaders in Taormina, Italy, concludes with a disagreement on whether to uphold the Paris Agreement; U.S. President Donald Trump is the only leader not to confirm commitment to the agreement, due to his climate change denial. ](/news/2017/05/27/43rd-g7-summit-the-meeting-of-group-of-7-leaders-in-taormina-italy-concludes-with-a-disagreement-on-whether-to-uphold-the-paris-agreement.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Paris Agreement_
5. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [2017 North Korea crisis: U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Australia-United States relations: Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-australia-united-states-relations-two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
