### [2007-06-28](/news/2007/06/28/index.md)

#  A TAAG-Angola Airlines Boeing 737 crashes in northern Angola, resulting in the death of at least five passengers on the same day the European Union bans the airline from European airspace. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,21987911-401,00.html)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
2. [Austria-Greece relations: Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
3. [Libyan Crisis (2011-present): The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/libyan-crisis-2011-present-the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
4. [European migrant crisis: Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will -start falling apart- within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/european-migrant-crisis-eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turke.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
5. [European migrant crisis: The European Union and Turkey reach an agreement for Turkey to stem the flow of migrants into Europe in return for a GBP3bn aid package, easier visa conditions and re-energised talks to join the bloc. ](/news/2015/10/16/european-migrant-crisis-the-european-union-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-for-turkey-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-into-europe-in-return-for.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
6. [In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". ](/news/2013/10/25/in-a-joint-statement-leaders-of-the-european-union-say-that-recent-claims-about-the-united-states-spying-on-european-leaders-such-as-germa.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
7. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
8. [European Union summit:: European Union leaders meet to discuss Europe's economic problems and to reappoint Herman Van Rompuy as the President of the European Council. ](/news/2012/03/1/european-union-summit-european-union-leaders-meet-to-discuss-europe-s-economic-problems-and-to-reappoint-herman-van-rompuy-as-the-presiden.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
9. [ Despite an agreement to resume delivery of natural gas from Russia to Europe, the European Union says that "very limited" amounts were transmitted. ](/news/2009/01/13/despite-an-agreement-to-resume-delivery-of-natural-gas-from-russia-to-europe-the-european-union-says-that-very-limited-amounts-were-tran.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
10. [ European Union monitors arrive to ensure that Russia restarts its natural-gas delivery to Europe. ](/news/2009/01/11/european-union-monitors-arrive-to-ensure-that-russia-restarts-its-natural-gas-delivery-to-europe.md) _Context: Europe, European Union_
