### [2007-06-28](/news/2007/06/28/index.md)

#  Record high temperatures in Greece lead to nine deaths through heat stroke; outbreaks of wildfires, killing two people; and extensive power cuts. 




### Source:

1. [AP via the Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/06/28/AR2007062801226.html)

### Related:

1. [ At least 20 people are killed in Peloponnese, Greece as a result of 150 wildfires burning out of control: two regions have been declared as disaster areas. ](/news/2007/08/24/at-least-20-people-are-killed-in-peloponnese-greece-as-a-result-of-150-wildfires-burning-out-of-control-two-regions-have-been-declared-as.md) _Context: Greece, wildfire_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
3. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
4. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greece_
5. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Greece_
6. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Greece_
7. [2016 Southeastern United States wildfires  At least three deaths and several injuries caused by wildfires in Tennessee are reported near Dolly Parton's Dollywood resort. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-southeastern-united-states-wildfires-pat-least-three-deaths-and-several-injuries-caused-by-wildfires-in-tennessee-are-reported-near-do.md) _Context: wildfire_
8. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: Greece_
9. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: wildfire_
10. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire  in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area  are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-00.md) _Context: wildfire_
