### [2007-06-28](/news/2007/06/28/index.md)

#  The United States Supreme Court hands down a divided decision against two school districts in Seattle, Washington and Louisville, Kentucky, saying the districts' plans to admit students to schools based partially on their race violates constitutional guarantees of equal protection. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/LAW/06/28/scotus.race/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Unruly aircraft passengers. Alaska Airlines removes 11 passengers from a Juneau, Alaska to Seattle, Washington flight, due to alleged unruly and uncooperative behavior. There were no arrests. ](/news/2017/06/26/unruly-aircraft-passengers-alaska-airlines-removes-11-passengers-from-a-juneau-alaska-to-seattle-washington-flight-due-to-alleged-unruly.md) _Context: Seattle, Washington_
2. [Legal affairs of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in "Clinton v. Jones", the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/legal-affairs-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-r.md) _Context: Louisville, Kentucky_
3. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
4. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in "Montgomery v. Louisiana" (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under "Miller v. Alabama" (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-con.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [ In the Louisville community of St. Matthews, Kentucky, US, disruptive behavior by a crowd of up to 2,000 teenagers and young adults, including numerous fights and unconfirmed reports of gunshots fired, causes Mall St. Matthews, one of the largest shopping malls in the state, to close early. Despite the unrest, no arrests were made and only minor injuries were reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/in-the-louisville-community-of-st-matthews-kentucky-us-disruptive-behavior-by-a-crowd-of-up-to-2-000-teenagers-and-young-adults-includ.md) _Context: Louisville, Kentucky_
7. [U.S. reactions to November 2015 Paris attacks. The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-reactions-to-november-2015-paris-attacks-the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decis.md) _Context: Equal Protection Clause_
8. [At least four people are killed and 12 critically injured after a charter bus, a Ride the Ducks tour vehicle, and two smaller vehicles crash on the Aurora Bridge in the U.S. city of Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/24/at-least-four-people-are-killed-and-12-critically-injured-after-a-charter-bus-a-ride-the-ducks-tour-vehicle-and-two-smaller-vehicles-crash.md) _Context: Seattle, Washington_
9. ["Obergefell v. Hodges":. In a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court declares state bans on same-sex marriage unconstitutional and effectively legalizes it across the United States. ](/news/2015/06/26/obergefell-v-hodges-in-a-5-4-decision-the-united-states-supreme-court-declares-state-bans-on-same-sex-marriage-unconstitutional-and-ef.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The U.S. Southern District of Alabama strikes down the state ban on same-sex marriage in Alabama, saying it has violated equal protection and due process rights. Alabama becomes the thirty-seventh state where such marriage is legalized. ](/news/2015/01/23/the-u-s-southern-district-of-alabama-strikes-down-the-state-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-in-alabama-saying-it-has-violated-equal-protection-an.md) _Context: Equal Protection Clause_
