### [2007-06-28](/news/2007/06/28/index.md)

#  UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. 

Christchurch,&#x20;New&#x20;Zealand,&#x20;29&#x20;June&#x20;-&#x20;The&#x20;World&#x20;Heritage&#x20;Committee&#x20;inscribed&#x20;22&#x20;new&#x20;sites&#x20;on&#x20;UNESCO&amp;&#x23;39&#x3b;s&#x20;World&#x20;Heritage&#x20;List&#x20;during&#x20;its&#x20;ongoing&#x20;session&#x20;in&#x20;Christchurch.&#x20;The&#x20;new&#x20;inscriptions&#x20;include&#x20;16&#x20;cultural,&#x20;five&#x20;&#x20;...


### Source:

1. [The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20070628.wunesco0628/BNStory/Front)
2. [UNESCO press-release](http://whc.unesco.org/en/news/365)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Greek, Japan, Spanish_
2. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Canada, France, Japan, Spanish_
3. [Japan protests to France about the sale of DCNS helicopter landing equipment to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2013/03/18/japan-protests-to-france-about-the-sale-of-dcns-helicopter-landing-equipment-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: China, France, Japan_
4. [ Wildfires in France, Greece, Sardinia and Spain kill and injure dozens. ](/news/2009/07/25/wildfires-in-france-greece-sardinia-and-spain-kill-and-injure-dozens.md) _Context: France, Greek, Spanish_
5. [ More than 20 countries including the People's Republic of China, the United States, France, Japan, Chile and South Korea agree to work together to end bottom sea trawling. ](/news/2007/05/5/more-than-20-countries-including-the-people-s-republic-of-china-the-united-states-france-japan-chile-and-south-korea-agree-to-work-toge.md) _Context: China, France, Japan_
6. [ The G8 countries, plus Brazil, China, India, Mexico and South Africa, approve the 'Washington Declaration,' proposing a global Carbon emissions trading system to replace the Kyoto Protocol by 2009. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-g8-countries-plus-brazil-china-india-mexico-and-south-africa-approve-the-washington-declaration-proposing-a-global-carbon-emiss.md) _Context: China, India, South Africa_
7. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: France, India, Spanish_
8. [ South Africa's Constitutional Court declares that current marriage laws restricting marriage to opposite-sex couples are unconstitutional and must be changed within a year. Once the change is made, South Africa will be the fifth country in the world where same-sex marriages are recognized, after Canada, Spain, the Netherlands, and Belgium. ](/news/2005/12/1/south-africa-s-constitutional-court-declares-that-current-marriage-laws-restricting-marriage-to-opposite-sex-couples-are-unconstitutional-a.md) _Context: Canada, South Africa, Spanish_
9. [Japan agrees to help with the construction of an Indian bullet train. ](/news/2017/09/14/japan-agrees-to-help-with-the-construction-of-an-indian-bullet-train.md) _Context: India, Japan_
10. [UNESCO declares eight new sites as world heritage sites; including Lake District in North West England and Iran's Historic City of Yazd. ](/news/2017/07/9/unesco-declares-eight-new-sites-as-world-heritage-sites-including-lake-district-in-north-west-england-and-iran-s-historic-city-of-yazd.md) _Context: UNESCO, world heritage site_
