### [2009-09-4](/news/2009/09/4/index.md)

#  More than 90 people, among them at least 40 civilians, are killed when an American jetfighter called in by German troops attacks two fuel tankers hijacked by Taliban-insurgents in Kunduz, northern Afghanistan. 

As many as 40 Afghan civilians were feared to be among the 90 people killed in a Nato air strike that hit two fuel tankers hijacked by the Taliban.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/south_asia/8237287.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/afghanistan/6137938/Nato-air-strike-in-Afghanistan-kills-scores-of-Taliban-militants-and-civilians.html)

### Related:

1. [ Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
2. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
3. [According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-against-afghan-security-forces-to-seize-th.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
4. [A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-capture-the-city-of-kunduz-according-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
5. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in-kundu.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
6. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
7. [The Taliban seize control of the provincial capital of Kunduz in northern Afghanistan. Locals say militants have raised their flag above the city's main square. ](/news/2015/09/28/the-taliban-seize-control-of-the-provincial-capital-of-kunduz-in-northern-afghanistan-locals-say-militants-have-raised-their-flag-above-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
8. [More than 80 students are sickened in a girls' school in Kunduz, Afghanistan, in a poison gas attack suspected to have been carried out by Taliban assailants whose version of Islam is opposed to girls being educated.](/news/2010/05/26/more-than-80-students-are-sickened-in-a-girls-school-in-kunduz-afghanistan-in-a-poison-gas-attack-suspected-to-have-been-carried-out-by-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
9. [ Eleven Chinese road construction workers and an Afghan guard are murdered in their sleep 20 mi south of the Afghan city of Kunduz. Four more Chinese are hospitalized for wounds suffered in the same attack. The dead are among more than 100 engineers and workers engaged on a World Bank project to build a road from Kabul to the Tajikistan border. Mullah Dadullah, one of the top Taliban commanders, recently issued orders to his fighters to strike at road builders. ](/news/2004/06/11/eleven-chinese-road-construction-workers-and-an-afghan-guard-are-murdered-in-their-sleep-20-mi-south-of-the-afghan-city-of-kunduz-four-mor.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
10. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban_
