### [2003-03-16](/news/2003/03/16/index.md)

#  General Francois Bozize dissolved the national legislature of the Central African Republic and declared himself President, one day after his rebel forces took Bangui, the capital.




### Related:

1. [Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-president-franassois-boziza-c-flees-to-the-neighb.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
2. [Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/central-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-advance-to-within-75-km-of-the-capital-ban.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
3. [The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/the-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistance-as-rebels-advance-on-the-capital-bangui.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
4. [Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
5. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
