### [2003-03-16](/news/2003/03/16/index.md)

#  The United States Department of State ordered non-essential diplomats and embassy dependents out of Kuwait, Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and Damascus.




### Related:

1. [Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into-israel-reaching-jerusalem-a.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Tel Aviv_
2. [Two unguided rockets from Gaza land outside Jerusalem and two more land outside Tel-Aviv. Out of the 350 rockets fired since the start of Operation Pillar of Defense, the Iron Dome missile system has shot down over 200 rockets. ](/news/2012/11/17/two-unguided-rockets-from-gaza-land-outside-jerusalem-and-two-more-land-outside-tel-aviv-out-of-the-350-rockets-fired-since-the-start-of-op.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Tel Aviv_
3. [Hundreds of Israeli protesters gather in Tel Aviv, Jerusalem, Haifa and Beersheba to show their solidarity with the man who self immolated on 14 July 2012. ](/news/2012/07/15/hundreds-of-israeli-protesters-gather-in-tel-aviv-jerusalem-haifa-and-beersheba-to-show-their-solidarity-with-the-man-who-self-immolated-o.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Tel Aviv_
4. [ Gunfire and explosions are reported near the U.S. embassy in Damascus, Syria, amid reports that the heavily fortified compound has been attacked by armed men. One Syrian guard was killed, and one Chinese diplomat was mildly injured. ](/news/2006/09/12/gunfire-and-explosions-are-reported-near-the-u-s-embassy-in-damascus-syria-amid-reports-that-the-heavily-fortified-compound-has-been-att.md) _Context: Damascus, embassies_
5. [ Israeli police, at the request of the British Embassy in Tel Aviv, captured a man who broke in to the Embassy and demanded asylum, threatening to kill himself if his demands were not met. ](/news/2006/08/31/israeli-police-at-the-request-of-the-british-embassy-in-tel-aviv-captured-a-man-who-broke-in-to-the-embassy-and-demanded-asylum-threaten.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, embassies_
6. [ Kenya recalls 70 diplomats from its embassies due to cash shortage; none of them are ambassadors. ](/news/2005/03/29/kenya-recalls-70-diplomats-from-its-embassies-due-to-cash-shortage-none-of-them-are-ambassadors.md) _Context: diplomat, embassies_
7. [ Israel's Defence Minister blames Syria for complicity in yesterday's suicide bombing in Tel Aviv which killed 4 people. Syria denies links to the bombing. Islamic Jihad, from its headquarters in Damascus claims responsibility for the attack, stating it was designed to damage the Palestinian Authority for acting ""according to American interests"". ](/news/2005/02/26/israel-s-defence-minister-blames-syria-for-complicity-in-yesterday-s-suicide-bombing-in-tel-aviv-which-killed-4-people-syria-denies-links.md) _Context: Damascus, Tel Aviv_
8. [ United States embassy guards in Tel Aviv, Israel, stopped a suicide bomber from setting off a bomb in a crowded beachfront cafe.](/news/2002/10/11/united-states-embassy-guards-in-tel-aviv-israel-stopped-a-suicide-bomber-from-setting-off-a-bomb-in-a-crowded-beachfront-cafe.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, embassies_
9. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
