### [2003-03-16](/news/2003/03/16/index.md)

#  Wen Jiabao was elected Premier of the People's Republic of China by the National People's Congress. He replaced Zhu Rongji.




### Related:

1. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao, parliament_
2. [ The first plenary session of the 11th National People's Congress begins in China. Premier Wen Jiabao delivers the last annual government report in his first term of office. ](/news/2008/03/5/the-first-plenary-session-of-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-begins-in-china-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-the-last-annual-government-re.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao, parliament_
3. [The National People's Congress names CPC General Secretary Xi Jinping as the new President of the People's Republic of China, Politburo member Li Yuanchao as the new Vice President, Li Keqiang as the new Premier, and Politburo standing member Zhang Dejiang as the Chairman of the NPC Standing Committee. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-people-s-congress-names-cpc-general-secretary-xi-jinping-as-the-new-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-politburo-memb.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, parliament_
4. ["The New York Times" claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2013/01/31/the-new-york-times-claims-that-chinese-hackers-have-broken-into-their-computers-and-stolen-passwords-of-high-profile-members-and-reporters.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
5. [2011 National People's Congress: Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers the annual Government Work Report to the National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, outlining the priorities for the Chinese government in the next five years. ](/news/2011/03/5/2011-national-people-s-congress-chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-the-annual-government-work-report-to-the-national-people-s-congress-in.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao, parliament_
6. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao says the country needs to carry out political reforms in order to support achievements made in its economic restructuring, contradicting statements by other Politburo members. ](/news/2011/03/14/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-says-the-country-needs-to-carry-out-political-reforms-in-order-to-support-achievements-made-in-its-economic-restr.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
7. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrives for a working visit in Pakistan and meets with Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani. ](/news/2010/12/18/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-arrives-for-a-working-visit-in-pakistan-and-meets-with-pakistani-prime-minister-yusuf-raza-gilani.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
8. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao begins a trade visit to India. ](/news/2010/12/15/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-begins-a-trade-visit-to-india.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama meets with the Premier of China Wen Jiabao, with the value of the renminbi the top issue for discussion. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-the-premier-of-china-wen-jiabao-with-the-value-of-the-renminbi-the-top-issue-for.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
10. [Wen Jiabao, the Premier of the People's Republic of China and Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan agree to establish a Prime Ministerial hotline between the two heads of government. ](/news/2010/06/13/wen-jiabao-the-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-agree-to-establish-a-prime-ministerial-hotli.md) _Context: Premier of the People's Republic of China, Wen Jiabao_
