### [2003-03-16](/news/2003/03/16/index.md)

#  Zoran Zivkovic, a former Interior Minister, was elected by the Democratic Party to succeed the assassinated Prime Minister of Serbia, Zoran Dindic. He is expected to be elected for Prime Minister in few days at parliament.




### Related:

1. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister, parliament_
2. [ Serbia suspends 11 Belgrade corrections officers for aiding the escape of assassin Milorad Ulemek. ](/news/2009/02/25/serbia-suspends-11-belgrade-corrections-officers-for-aiding-the-escape-of-assassin-milorad-ulemek.md) _Context: Serbia, assassinated_
3. [ In Serbia, Belgrade court convicts 10 officials from the government of Slobodan Milosevic for an assassination attempt against then-opposition leader Vuk Draskovic. they include special police commander Milorad Ulemek and chief of state security Radomir Markovic ](/news/2005/06/29/in-serbia-belgrade-court-convicts-10-officials-from-the-government-of-slobodan-miloa-evia-for-an-assassination-attempt-against-then-oppos.md) _Context: Serbia, assassinated_
4. [Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the-national-assembly-brn.md) _Context: Serbia_
5. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conservative-serbian-progressive-party-is-ex.md) _Context: Serbia_
7. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser, who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: assassinated_
8. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Serbia_
9. [The Vice President of Afghanistan, Abdul Rashid Dostum, survives yet another assassination attempt. ](/news/2016/10/17/the-vice-president-of-afghanistan-abdul-rashid-dostum-survives-yet-another-assassination-attempt.md) _Context: assassinated_
10. [A lone gunman opened fire at a cafe in Zitiste, Serbia, killing five people and injuring 20 more. The perpetrator was arrested shortly afterward while attempting to flee the scene. ](/news/2016/07/2/a-lone-gunman-opened-fire-at-a-cafa-c-in-a1-2itia-te-serbia-killing-five-people-and-injuring-20-more-the-perpetrator-was-arrested-shortly-af.md) _Context: Serbia_
