### [2009-11-4](/news/2009/11/4/index.md)

#  The United Nations General Assembly debates on whether to endorse the Goldstone report on the Gaza War. 

The U.N. is expected to endorse a report that found evidence that Israel and Palestinian militants had each committed war crimes during last winter’s Gaza conflict.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/05/world/middleeast/05nations.html)

### Related:

1. [Gaza War:Israel asks the United Nations to disavow the Goldstone Report after the report's author, Judge Richard Goldstone, says that he retracts the accusation that Israel intentionally targeted civilians during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2011/04/2/gaza-war-pisrael-asks-the-united-nations-to-disavow-the-goldstone-report-after-the-report-s-author-judge-richard-goldstone-says-that-he-re.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Goldstone Report, United Nations_
2. [ The United Nations Human Rights Council endorses the Goldstone report on the Gaza War, accusing both Israel and Hamas of war crimes. ](/news/2009/10/16/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-endorses-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war-accusing-both-israel-and-hamas-of-war-crimes.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, Goldstone Report, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting.  ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
5. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
6. [Israel tells the United Nations it will limit the use of fatal burning weapon white phosphorus in future conflicts after using it on civilians during its War on Gaza. ](/news/2010/07/21/israel-tells-the-united-nations-it-will-limit-the-use-of-fatal-burning-weapon-white-phosphorus-in-future-conflicts-after-using-it-on-civilia.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, United Nations_
7. [United Nations figures indicate around 225 families remain homeless in Gaza since Israel's three-week military offensive was launched in December 2008. ](/news/2010/07/18/united-nations-figures-indicate-around-225-families-remain-homeless-in-gaza-since-israel-s-three-week-military-offensive-was-launched-in-dec.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, United Nations_
8. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, United Nations_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2009/09/22/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-heads-for-new-york-to-attend-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
10. [ A United Nations report into the Gaza War alleges both Israeli and Palestinian forces committed war crimes. ](/news/2009/09/15/a-united-nations-report-into-the-gaza-war-alleges-both-israeli-and-palestinian-forces-committed-war-crimes.md) _Context: 2008-2009 Gaza War, United Nations_
