### [2015-07-17](/news/2015/07/17/index.md)

# A man goes on a shooting spree in Maine, U.S., killing two people and wounding three others in the towns of Lee and Benedicta. A manhunt is executed, and the suspect is arrested in Houlton. 

A manhunt in Maine for a suspect wanted in connection with the fatal shootings of two people, wounding of three others and an alleged hostage taking ended Friday afternoon near the New Brunswick border.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/m/news/canada/new-brunswick/manhunt-for-maine-shooting-suspect-ends-near-woodstock-border-1.3157496)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: U.S._
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Maine_
5. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Military intervention against ISIL: U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-military-intervention-against-isil-u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-a.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Cuba-United States relations: Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro-s regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/cuba-united-states-relations-government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Janet L. Yellen, chairperson of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, states that economic conditions improved to the point where a rise in the Fed-s benchmark interest rate is likely when the Federal Open Market Committee meets in mid-December. ](/news/2015/12/2/janet-l-yellen-chairperson-of-the-u-s-federal-reserve-bank-states-that-economic-conditions-improved-to-the-point-where-a-rise-in-the-fed.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals International cut all ties with Philidor Rx Services. This comes in the wake of recent revelations that Valeant was looking to acquire Philidor, a relationship that raised questions from various quarters. Valeant is the subject of U.S. federal investigations. ](/news/2015/10/30/quebec-based-valeant-pharmaceuticals-international-cut-all-ties-with-philidor-rx-services-this-comes-in-the-wake-of-recent-revelations-that.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-sec.md) _Context: U.S._
