### [2015-07-17](/news/2015/07/17/index.md)

# Bundestag, the German lower house of parliament, approves Greece's bailout plan by 439-119 with 40 abstained. 

* Alternative to deal is chaos, not Greek &quot;time-out&quot; -Merkel* Greek deal is last attempt to solve problem - Schaeuble* Grexit debate must be


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/17/eurozone-greece-germany-idUSL5N0ZX0IO20150717)

### Related:

1. [The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. ](/news/2015/08/19/the-bundestag-votes-to-approve-a-third-bailout-for-greece.md) _Context: Bundestag, Greek government-debt crisis_
2. [The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-genocide-provoking-a-furious-reac.md) _Context: Bundestag_
3. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection.  The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: Bundestag_
4. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
5. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: Bundestag_
6. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the ''Times of London'' the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
7. [Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-was-sworn-in-thursday-the-pm-na.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
8. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [The Hellenic Parliament votes to approve the Greek bailout package despite many senior lawmakers from the ruling Syriza Party refusing to vote for the deal. ](/news/2015/07/15/the-hellenic-parliament-votes-to-approve-the-greek-bailout-package-despite-many-senior-lawmakers-from-the-ruling-syriza-party-refusing-to-vo.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
10. [A European Union leaders' summit to discuss the Greek debt crisis is cancelled due to failure of finance ministers to agree on Greek proposals. However, Eurozone leaders do meet, with discussions continuing into the night. ](/news/2015/07/12/a-european-union-leaders-summit-to-discuss-the-greek-debt-crisis-is-cancelled-due-to-failure-of-finance-ministers-to-agree-on-greek-proposa.md) _Context: Greek government-debt crisis_
