### [2015-07-17](/news/2015/07/17/index.md)

# Indonesian volcano eruptionsThousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. 

Ash spewing from two volcanoes in Indonesia prompts the closure of three more airports, which means five are now shut as millions head home for the Eid holiday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-33562364)

### Related:

1. [Ash from the Raung volcano closes five airports in Indonesia, while ash from the Gamalama volcano closes the Babullah Airport in Ternate. ](/news/2015/07/16/ash-from-the-raung-volcano-closes-five-airports-in-indonesia-while-ash-from-the-gamalama-volcano-closes-the-babullah-airport-in-ternate.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia, Raung_
2. [A car bomb in Khan Bani Saad City massacres more than 100 people, mostly Shias, celebrating the Eid after end of Ramadan. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/07/17/a-car-bomb-in-khan-bani-saad-city-massacres-more-than-100-people-mostly-shias-celebrating-the-eid-after-end-of-ramadan-isil-claims-respon.md) _Context: Eid al-Fitr, Ramadan_
3. [Indonesia closes four airports including Bali International Airport due to an ongoing eruption by the Raung volcano on Java. ](/news/2015/07/10/indonesia-closes-four-airports-including-bali-international-airport-due-to-an-ongoing-eruption-by-the-raung-volcano-on-java.md) _Context: Indonesia, Raung_
4. [The Indonesian volcano Gamalama erupts injuring four people and leaving one person missing. ](/news/2014/12/19/the-indonesian-volcano-gamalama-erupts-injuring-four-people-and-leaving-one-person-missing.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
5. [Four people are killed and 1,000 others flee their homes amid lahars from the Mount Gamalama volcano in Indonesia. ](/news/2011/12/28/four-people-are-killed-and-1-000-others-flee-their-homes-amid-lahars-from-the-mount-gamalama-volcano-in-indonesia.md) _Context: Gamalama, Indonesia_
6. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Indonesia, Ramadan_
7. [Eid al-Fitr:Muslims around the world celebrate the feast of Eid al-Fitr marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan. ](/news/2010/09/11/eid-al-fitr-pmuslims-around-the-world-celebrate-the-feast-of-eid-al-fitr-marking-the-end-of-the-holy-month-of-ramadan.md) _Context: Eid al-Fitr, Ramadan_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
