### [2012-01-20](/news/2012/01/20/index.md)

# Writer Salman Rushdie withdraws from the Jaipur Literature Festival in India due to new concerns about his possible assassination. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-16644782)

### Related:

1. [Jaipur Literature Festival:Ruchir Joshi, Jeet Thayil, Hari Kunzru and Amitava Kumar flee Jaipur on the advice of officials at the Jaipur Literature Festival after reading excerpts from Salman Rushdie's ''The Satanic Verses'', which is banned in India. Rushdie, himself banned from the event, is told that police are searching for the four fugitive writers. ](/news/2012/01/23/jaipur-literature-festival-pruchir-joshi-jeet-thayil-hari-kunzru-and-amitava-kumar-flee-jaipur-on-the-advice-of-officials-at-the-jaipur-li.md) _Context: ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, Jaipur Literature Festival, Salman Rushdie_
2. [Nayantara Sahgal, is one of the latest authors in India who will return that nation's highest award from the National Academy of Letters in protest against what Salman Rushdie has characterized as "thuggish violence" creeping into Indian life under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. ](/news/2015/10/17/nayantara-sahgal-is-one-of-the-latest-authors-in-india-who-will-return-that-nationas-highest-award-from-the-national-academy-of-letters-i.md) _Context: India, Salman Rushdie_
3. [''The Stressful Life of Salman Rushdie and Implementation of his Verdict'', an in-development video game designed to introduce the younger generations to ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, is unveiled at a Tehran games expo. ](/news/2012/06/26/the-stressful-life-of-salman-rushdie-and-implementation-of-his-verdict-an-in-development-video-game-designed-to-introduce-the-younger-g.md) _Context: ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, Salman Rushdie_
4. [Julian Assange's mother criticises leading figures in the U.S. government who called for her son's assassination on television, and expresses concerns that her son is being targeted by an American fatwa similar to the one brought against the writer Salman Rushdie in 1989. ](/news/2011/02/14/julian-assange-s-mother-criticises-leading-figures-in-the-u-s-government-who-called-for-her-son-s-assassination-on-television-and-expresse.md) _Context: ''The Satanic Verses'' controversy, Salman Rushdie_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
