### [2016-02-23](/news/2016/02/23/index.md)

# Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. 

Emergency warnings for fires burning at Somerville, on the Mornington Peninsula and at Mount Bolton, north-west of Ballarat, are downgraded.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-02-23/fire-emergency-warning-issued-for-mount-bolton-addington/7192876)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/7193580-1x1-700x700.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-homes-in-wye-river-and-18-at-separation.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, Victoria_
2. [A bushfire burns out of control near the South Australian town of Wasleys with authorities warning of significant risk to lives and property. Two deaths have been confirmed with another person feared dead. ](/news/2015/11/25/a-bushfire-burns-out-of-control-near-the-south-australian-town-of-wasleys-with-authorities-warning-of-significant-risk-to-lives-and-property.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, bushfire_
3. [Authorities confirm that bushfires have killed four people, including three German backpackers, in southern Western Australia near the town of Esperance. ](/news/2015/11/18/authorities-confirm-that-bushfires-have-killed-four-people-including-three-german-backpackers-in-southern-western-australia-near-the-town.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, bushfire_
4. [Heavy rain in the Australian state of Victoria causes flooding in the towns of Ballarat, Maryborough and Bendigo with landslides blocking roads in the Victorian Alps. ](/news/2010/09/4/heavy-rain-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-causes-flooding-in-the-towns-of-ballarat-maryborough-and-bendigo-with-landslides-blocking-ro.md) _Context: Ballarat, Victoria_
5. [ Bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria threaten at least six townships in the Gippsland region with extreme weather conditions over the weekend expected to increase the danger. The Victorian Department of Education closes 24 schools due to threat of fire. ](/news/2006/12/8/bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-threaten-at-least-six-townships-in-the-gippsland-region-with-extreme-weather-conditions-over.md) _Context: Victoria, bushfire_
6. [ Seven towns are under immediate threat from bushfires in Gippsland in the Australian state of Victoria. ](/news/2006/12/7/seven-towns-are-under-immediate-threat-from-bushfires-in-gippsland-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria.md) _Context: Victoria, bushfire_
7. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Victoria_
8. [ New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and-t.md) _Context: Victoria_
9. [Two dead bodies have been found in Yarloop, Western Australia, and residents of four towns urged to evacuate in under threat as the Waroona bushfire continues to burn out of control. ](/news/2016/01/9/two-dead-bodies-have-been-found-in-yarloop-western-australia-and-residents-of-four-towns-urged-to-evacuate-in-under-threat-as-the-waroona.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
10. [Three people are unaccounted for and at least 135 structures are destroyed, including the historic Yarloop Workshops, following a bushfire in the small Western Australian town of Yarloop. Reports coming out of the area suggest the town of Yarloop has been almost completely destroyed with one local official, Murray Cowper, saying, "A big fireball came through and there was no way they were going to stop it. This could well be the end of the town". ](/news/2016/01/8/three-people-are-unaccounted-for-and-at-least-135-structures-are-destroyed-including-the-historic-yarloop-workshops-following-a-bushfire-i.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
