### [2016-02-23](/news/2016/02/23/index.md)

# The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. 

Saudi Arabia has cancelled billions of dollars of aid to Lebanon over claims Beirut has sided with Iran in a diplomatic fallout with Riyadh


### Source:

1. [Middle East Eye](http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/saudi-arabia-and-uae-tell-citizens-not-go-lebanon-1263867364)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.middleeasteye.net/sites/default/files/main-images/000_7Z749.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia_
2. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
3. [Qatar and Kuwait join Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates in asking its citizens to leave or avoid travel to Lebanon. ](/news/2016/02/24/qatar-and-kuwait-join-saudi-arabia-bahrain-and-the-united-arab-emirates-in-asking-its-citizens-to-leave-or-avoid-travel-to-lebanon.md) _Context: Foreign relations of Lebanon, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Bahrain says it has dismantled a terrorist cell allegedly linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Lebanon's Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/01/6/bahrain-says-it-has-dismantled-a-terrorist-cell-allegedly-linked-to-iran-s-revolutionary-guard-and-lebanon-s-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
6. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates_
8. [Friends of Syria calls on Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah to withdraw from Syrian territory. ](/news/2013/05/23/friends-of-syria-calls-on-iran-and-its-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-to-withdraw-from-syrian-territory.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
9. [Saudi Arabia police arrest one Iranian, one Lebanese and 16 Saudis on charges of spying. ](/news/2013/03/19/saudi-arabia-police-arrest-one-iranian-one-lebanese-and-16-saudis-on-charges-of-spying.md) _Context: Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia_
10. [A pan-Arab satellite television channel, Al Mayadeen ("The Squares" in Arabic), is launched in Lebanon that is speculated to be a mouthpiece for Iran and Hezbollah. ](/news/2012/06/11/a-pan-arab-satellite-television-channel-al-mayadeen-the-squares-in-arabic-is-launched-in-lebanon-that-is-speculated-to-be-a-mouthpiece.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Iran, Lebanon_
