### [2015-12-3](/news/2015/12/3/index.md)

# 2015 FIFA corruption case: U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/03/sport/fifa-corruption-charges-justice-department/)
2. [The New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/soccer/fifa-bigwigs-arrested-switzerland-report-article-1.2453588)

### Related:

1. [2015 FIFA corruption case: FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-o.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
2. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/2015-fifa-corruption-case-reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-fede.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
3. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. ](/news/2015/10/2/2015-fifa-corruption-case-longtime-fifa-corporate-sponsors-coca-cola-co-mcdonald-s-visa-inc-and-budweiser-owner-anheuser-busch-inbe.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
4. [Swiss police seize computer records from FIFA in an investigation into alleged corruption by the world governing body of association football. ](/news/2015/06/9/swiss-police-seize-computer-records-from-fifa-in-an-investigation-into-alleged-corruption-by-the-world-governing-body-of-association-footbal.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
5. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Interpol issues red notices linked to arrest warrants for two former FIFA officials Jack Warner and Nicolas Leoz and four executives. ](/news/2015/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-interpol-issues-red-notices-linked-to-arrest-warrants-for-two-former-fifa-officials-jack-warner-and-nicolas-leoz.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
6. [Abortion in Chile: Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: South America_
7. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [Health care in the United States: The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
9. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
