### [2015-12-3](/news/2015/12/3/index.md)

# Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) says Saudi Arabia is at risk of becoming a major destabilizing influence in the Arab world due to the diplomatic stance of some senior members of the House of Saud. 

It is unusual for the BND spy agency to publicly release such a blunt assessment on a country that is considered an ally of the West. Germany has long-standing political and economic ties with Saudi Arabia


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/saudiarabia/12029546/Saudi-Arabia-destabilising-Arab-world-German-intelligence-warns.html)

### Related:

1. [Germany's vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, accuses Saudi Arabia of financing Islamic extremism in the West and warns that it must stop. He tells German media, "We have to make clear to the Saudis that the time of looking away is over, Wahhabi mosques all over the world are financed by Saudi Arabia. Many Islamists who are a threat to public safety come from these communities in Germany". His comments come days after Germany's Federal Intelligence Service released a report saying Saudi Arabia was "destabilizing" the Arab world. ](/news/2015/12/6/germany-s-vice-chancellor-sigmar-gabriel-accuses-saudi-arabia-of-financing-islamic-extremism-in-the-west-and-warns-that-it-must-stop-he-t.md) _Context: Arab world, BND, Germany, Saudi Arabia_
2. [A report alleges that the German BND has been spying on journalists in Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/24/a-report-alleges-that-the-german-bnd-has-been-spying-on-journalists-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: BND, Germany_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Germany, Saudi Arabia_
4. [A London court is told that Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Nasir al Saud, a Saudi prince accused of murdering his servant after sexually assaulting him at a London hotel, could face the death penalty in Saudi Arabia, where homosexuality is illegal, over his alleged gay sex life. ](/news/2010/10/15/a-london-court-is-told-that-saud-bin-abdulaziz-bin-nasir-al-saud-a-saudi-prince-accused-of-murdering-his-servant-after-sexually-assaulting.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Royal Family_
5. [ In Germany, former deputy defense minister Holger Pfahls admits that in 1990 he took a bribe worth million euros from arms dealer Karlheinz Schreiber in connection of a sale of armored vehicles to the US. He is in trial accused of taking bribes from Saudi Arabia in a similar deal in 1991. ](/news/2005/06/28/in-germany-former-deputy-defense-minister-holger-pfahls-admits-that-in-1990-he-took-a-bribe-worth-million-euros-from-arms-dealer-karlheinz.md) _Context: Germany, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/06/14/the-egyptian-parliament-approves-the-transfer-of-two-uninhabited-red-sea-islands-tiran-island-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
