### [2015-12-3](/news/2015/12/3/index.md)

# Israel's Holocaust and Remembrance Center posthumously adds U.S. Army Master Sergeant Roddie Edmonds to the list of the Righteous Among the Nations for his actions in 1945 at a Nazi prisoner of war camp. 

When Germans at a Nazi camp demanded that Jewish POWs identify themselves, Roddie Edmonds — the highest-ranking American there — ordered every soldier to step forward. &quot;We are all Jews,&quot; he said.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/12/02/458166709/u-s-soldier-posthumously-honored-for-protecting-jewish-pows-in-1945)
2. [Yad Vashem](http://www.yadvashem.org/yv/en/pressroom/pressreleases/pr_details.asp?cid=960#!prettyPhoto)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the opening of an exhibition of Auschwitz concentration camp blueprints in Yad Vashem. ](/news/2010/01/25/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-attends-the-opening-of-an-exhibition-of-auschwitz-concentration-camp-blueprints-in-yad-vashem.md) _Context: Holocaust and Remembrance Center, Israel_
2. [ Yad Vashem bestow the honour of "Righteous Among the Nations" posthumously upon a Nazi Major, Karl Plagge.  Plagge saved around 1,200 Jews, mostly women and children, from execution during the Holocaust by putting them in forced labor positions at a vehicle workshop. ](/news/2005/04/11/yad-vashem-bestow-the-honour-of-righteous-among-the-nations-posthumously-upon-a-nazi-major-karl-plagge-plagge-saved-around-1-200-jews.md) _Context: Holocaust and Remembrance Center, Righteous Among the Nations_
3. [ The dedication of the new Yad Vashem Holocaust museum in Jerusalem, Israel: leaders from 40 states and the UN General Secretary Kofi Annan attend inauguration of Holocaust museum. President of Israel Moshe Katzav said that the new museum serves as "an important signpost to all of humankind, a signpost that warns how short the distance is between hatred and murder, between racism and genocide." ](/news/2005/03/15/the-dedication-of-the-new-yad-vashem-holocaust-museum-in-jerusalem-israel-leaders-from-40-states-and-the-un-general-secretary-kofi-annan.md) _Context: Holocaust and Remembrance Center, Israel_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel_
