### [2008-09-28](/news/2008/09/28/index.md)

#  US Congressional leaders and the George W. Bush administration reach an outline Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 of a bailout of financial institutions as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. 

U.S. congressional leaders on Sunday said they had reached the broad outline of a deal to put in place a $700 billion financial system bailout but were awaiting details on paper before declaring it final.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gq42vLUmcA9LTFzCEF-EN1vnhV8wD93G2A0G0)
2. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/7640143.stm)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE48R0BP20080928)

### Related:

1. [ Senior members of the United States Congress agree on a legislative deal to bail out the U.S. financial system from lingering effects of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/25/senior-members-of-the-united-states-congress-agree-on-a-legislative-deal-to-bail-out-the-u-s-financial-system-from-lingering-effects-of-th.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, United States Congress, housing crisis_
2. [ The Bush administration asks the United States Congress for $700 billion to buy mortgage-related assets to try to resolve the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/20/the-bush-administration-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-700-billion-to-buy-mortgage-related-assets-to-try-to-resolve-the-subprime-mort.md) _Context: George W. Bush administration, United States Congress, housing crisis_
3. [ President of the United States George W. Bush addresses the nation on prime time television to discuss the crisis and the Paulson plan. He warns that the United States faces a "long and painful recession" if the package is not passed. ](/news/2008/09/24/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-addresses-the-nation-on-prime-time-television-to-discuss-the-crisis-and-the-paulson-plan-he.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, housing crisis_
4. [ Ben Bernanke, the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, warns the United States Congress that failure to pass the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 quickly would make a recession more likely. ](/news/2008/09/23/ben-bernanke-the-chairman-of-the-federal-reserve-warns-the-united-states-congress-that-failure-to-pass-the-emergency-economic-stabilizati.md) _Context: Emergency Economic Stabilization Act, United States Congress_
5. [ Ross Wilson, the Ambassador of the United States to Turkey, says the Bush administration opposes a bill in the United States Congress that will recognize the Armenian Genocide, which the United States Government does not recognize. ](/news/2007/01/31/ross-wilson-the-ambassador-of-the-united-states-to-turkey-says-the-bush-administration-opposes-a-bill-in-the-united-states-congress-that.md) _Context: George W. Bush administration, United States Congress_
6. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: United States Congress_
7. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Congress_
8. [U.S. Congressional negotiators reach a bipartisan agreement on the FY 2017 federal government budget that, once approved by both Houses, will fund the entire fiscal year through September 30. The current spending authorization expires Friday, May 5. ](/news/2017/04/30/u-s-congressional-negotiators-reach-a-bipartisan-agreement-on-the-fy-2017-federal-government-budget-that-once-approved-by-both-houses-wil.md) _Context: United States Congress_
9. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: United States Congress_
10. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Congress_
