### [2005-07-1](/news/2005/07/1/index.md)

#  Following a public statement from the denomination president on the eve of the event, the Congregationalist United Church of Christ begins their 5-day General Synod 25 in Atlanta, Georgia to debate a number of controversial resolutions, including same-sex marriage. Some are concerned about denominational schism. 




### Source:

1. [DailyBulletin.com] [http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/chi-0507010134jul01,1,4477091.story?coll=chi-newsnationworld-hed Chicago Tribune] [http://www.csmonitor.com/2005/0701/p02s01-ussc.html Christian Science Monitor][http://washingtontimes.com/national/20050628-111048-5378r.htm Washington Times] [http://www.ucc.org/synod/resolutions/ UCC web page] [http://news.ucc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=blogsection&id=7&Itemid=50 UCC news blog](http://www.dailybulletin.com/Stories/0,1413,203~21481~2946936,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United Church of Christ becomes the first mainline U.S. Christian denomination to officially support same-sex marriages by passing a resolution calling for member churches to consider wedding policies "that do not discriminate against couples based on gender." It also asks churches to consider supporting legislation granting equal marriage rights to gay and lesbian couples and to work against laws banning gay marriage. ](/news/2005/07/5/the-united-church-of-christ-becomes-the-first-mainline-u-s-christian-denomination-to-officially-support-same-sex-marriages-by-passing-a-re.md) _Context: United Church of Christ, same-sex marriage_
2. [Officials state that repairs will take months following a fire that collapsed a bridge on Interstate 85 in Atlanta, Georgia. Police arrest three individuals in connection with the disaster, charging two with criminal trespass and one with first degree criminal damage. ](/news/2017/03/31/officials-state-that-repairs-will-take-months-following-a-fire-that-collapsed-a-bridge-on-interstate-85-in-atlanta-georgia-police-arrest-t.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
3. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill  that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
4. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
5. [One person is killed and six others injured in an explosion at JCG Farms, an American feed mill near Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2016/02/7/one-person-is-killed-and-six-others-injured-in-an-explosion-at-jcg-farms-an-american-feed-mill-near-atlanta-georgia.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
6. [Filipino Senate candidate and boxer Manny Pacquiao calls LGBT people "less than animals" when asked about his opposition to same-sex marriage, prompting condemnation from prominent Filipino LGBT figures such as Aiza Seguerra, John Lapus and Vice Ganda. Pacquiao later apologizes. ](/news/2016/02/16/filipino-senate-candidate-and-boxer-manny-pacquiao-calls-lgbt-people-less-than-animals-when-asked-about-his-opposition-to-same-sex-marriag.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
7. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) new policy states those in a same-sex marriage are to be considered apostates, and children living in a same-sex household may not be blessed as babies, or baptized until they are 18. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-mormon-new-policy-states-those-in-a-same-sex-marriage-are-to-be-considered-apostates-and.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
8. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the  Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-r.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
9. [''Miller v. Davis''In the U.S., Rowan County, Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis, involved in the litigation over same-sex marriage, states she will not block her deputies from issuing marriage licenses, but will not authorize them personally (her name will not appear on them, and they will state that they were given under a federal judicial order). ](/news/2015/09/14/miller-v-davis-pin-the-u-s-rowan-county-kentucky-county-clerk-kim-davis-involved-in-the-litigation-over-same-sex-marriage-states-sh.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [The Episcopal Church in the United States adopts its liturgy for same sex marriages. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-adopts-its-liturgy-for-same-sex-marriages.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
