### [2005-07-1](/news/2005/07/1/index.md)

#  Indonesian police arrest 24 people suspected of involvement in the 2002 Bali bombings and a 2003 attack on the Marriott Hotel in Jakarta. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4640093.stm BBC])




### Related:

1. [ In Indonesia, Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is found guilty of conspiracy for his involvement in the 2002 Bali bombing, but was found not guilty of all charges surrounding the 2003 bombing of the Marriott hotel in Jakarta. He received a two and a half year jail sentence. ](/news/2005/03/3/in-indonesia-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-is-found-guilty-of-conspiracy-for-his-involvement-in-the-2002-bali-bombing-but-was-found-not.md) _Context: Bali bomber, Indonesia, Jakarta_
2. [Flooding occurs across parts of Indonesia, including the capital Jakarta, due to torrential downpours over the last few days. Thousands of homes have been flooded and schools were forced to close. However, there are no reports of injuries yet. ](/news/2017/02/21/flooding-occurs-across-parts-of-indonesia-including-the-capital-jakarta-due-to-torrential-downpours-over-the-last-few-days-thousands-of-h.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
3. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the Christian Governor of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, will face prosecution for blasphemy. ](/news/2016/12/27/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-christian-governor-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-will-face-prosecution-for-blasphemy.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
4. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
5. [One person has died and hundreds of people have been evacuated after heavy rain in the Indonesian capital Jakarta. ](/news/2016/02/29/one-person-has-died-and-hundreds-of-people-have-been-evacuated-after-heavy-rain-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
6. [2016 Jakarta attacks: Indonesia blocks access to radical Islamist websites and social media sites after the recent terror attacks in Jakarta. ](/news/2016/01/16/2016-jakarta-attacks-indonesia-blocks-access-to-radical-islamist-websites-and-social-media-sites-after-the-recent-terror-attacks-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
7. [2016 Jakarta attacks: Bomb blasts and gunfire are reported in the centre of the Indonesian capital Jakarta. At least seven deaths have been reported. ](/news/2016/01/14/2016-jakarta-attacks-bomb-blasts-and-gunfire-are-reported-in-the-centre-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-at-least-seven-deaths-have-been.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
8. [Monsoon rains cause flooding in the Indonesian capital Jakarta causing the evacuation of more than 30,000 people. ](/news/2014/01/20/monsoon-rains-cause-flooding-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-causing-the-evacuation-of-more-than-30-000-people.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
9. [Police in Indonesia exchange gunfire with suspected militants near Jakarta, killing six people. ](/news/2014/01/1/police-in-indonesia-exchange-gunfire-with-suspected-militants-near-jakarta-killing-six-people.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
10. [2013 global surveillance disclosures:: Indonesian protesters gather outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and protesters burn Australian flags to protest alleged bugging of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's phone. ](/news/2013/11/21/2013-global-surveillance-disclosures-indonesian-protesters-gather-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-and-protesters-burn-australian.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
