### [2005-07-1](/news/2005/07/1/index.md)

#  Much of the government of Minnesota shuts down as the state legislature fails to pass a budget by the end of the fiscal year. (Wikinews) 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000103&sid=aIyUXj3hRaps&refer=us)

### Related:

1. [ A "lights on" bill to resume normal government operation is approved in Minnesota.  The Minnesota Legislature now has until July 14 to approve a budget. ](/news/2005/07/9/a-lights-on-bill-to-resume-normal-government-operation-is-approved-in-minnesota-the-minnesota-legislature-now-has-until-july-14-to-appr.md) _Context: Minnesota, budget, legislative_
2. [The Democratic Governor of Minnesota Mark Dayton and Republican legislative leaders reach a budget deal which will end a shutdown of the US state government within days. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-democratic-governor-of-minnesota-mark-dayton-and-republican-legislative-leaders-reach-a-budget-deal-which-will-end-a-shutdown-of-the-us.md) _Context: Minnesota, legislative_
3. [ In Minnesota, the state legislature fails to come to an agreement on the state budget for the 2006-2007 biennium. At midnight, the government shuts down, leading to cries of derision from state residents and both of the state's largest newspapers, the liberal-leaning ''Star Tribune'' and the conservative-leaning ''St. Paul Pioneer Press''.](/news/2005/06/30/in-minnesota-the-state-legislature-fails-to-come-to-an-agreement-on-the-state-budget-for-the-2006-2007-biennium-at-midnight-the-governme.md) _Context: Minnesota, legislative_
4. [A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff-members-another-nine-people-wer.md) _Context: Minnesota_
5. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Minnesota_
6. [A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mechanical-engineering-t.md) _Context: Minnesota_
7. [The evacuation order for the 200-person town of Callaway, Minnesota, which was emptied after a  Canadian Pacific train crashed with a propane truck, is lifted. None of the train cars were carrying hazardous materials. ](/news/2016/03/25/the-evacuation-order-for-the-200-person-town-of-callaway-minnesota-which-was-emptied-after-a-canadian-pacific-train-crashed-with-a-propan.md) _Context: Minnesota_
8. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Minnesota_
9. [The Maryland  Court of Appeals rules the state's  Public Information Act does not apply to   abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. ](/news/2016/02/22/the-maryland-court-of-appeals-rules-the-state-s-public-information-act-does-not-apply-to-abortion-clinic-license-applicants-names-deny.md) _Context: Minnesota_
10. [The Dalai Lama, following his routine check-up at Minnesota's Mayo Clinic, cancels his U.S. speaking engagements in October after doctors advised him to rest. The 80-year-old Tibetan Buddhist leader is scheduled to return home to Dharamsala, India, Saturday. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-dalai-lama-following-his-routine-check-up-at-minnesota-s-mayo-clinic-cancels-his-u-s-speaking-engagements-in-october-after-doctors-ad.md) _Context: Minnesota_
