### [2013-01-7](/news/2013/01/7/index.md)

# For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. 

Bank of America Corp announced more than $14 billion of legal settlements over bad mortgages it sold to investors and flaws in its foreclosure process, taking the bank a step closer to ending the home loan problems that have dogged it for years.


### Source:

1. [ (Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/07/us-bofa-msrs-sale-idUSBRE9060D220130107)

### Related:

1. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo_
2. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America, MetLife, US$_
3. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, Fannie Mae_
4. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
5. [Most of the largest financial institutions in the United States pass a Federal Reserve System stress test although Citigroup, MetLife, Ally Financial and SunTrust do not. ](/news/2012/03/13/most-of-the-largest-financial-institutions-in-the-united-states-pass-a-federal-reserve-system-stress-test-although-citigroup-metlife-ally.md) _Context: Citigroup, MetLife, U.S._
6. [The United States' largest bank, Bank of America, is surpassed by JPMorgan Chase in total assets, according to Bank of America's quarterly financial earnings report. ](/news/2011/10/19/the-united-states-largest-bank-bank-of-america-is-surpassed-by-jpmorgan-chase-in-total-assets-according-to-bank-of-america-s-quarterly-f.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, U.S._
7. [A United States bankruptcy judge orders Bank of America to return $500 million it seized from the bank accounts of the defunct Lehman Brothers trading firm a few weeks before Lehman declared bankruptcy in 2008. ](/news/2010/11/17/a-united-states-bankruptcy-judge-orders-bank-of-america-to-return-500-million-it-seized-from-the-bank-accounts-of-the-defunct-lehman-brothe.md) _Context: Bank of America, U.S., US$_
8. [ Global financial crisis of 2008: Citigroup receives US$32 billion from the United States Emergency Economic Stabilization Act. ](/news/2008/11/24/global-financial-crisis-of-2008-p-citigroup-receives-us-32-billion-from-the-united-states-emergency-economic-stabilization-act.md) _Context: Citigroup, U.S., US$_
9. [ Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase agree to a US$75 billion plan designed to heal the credit markets. ](/news/2007/11/12/bank-of-america-citigroup-and-jpmorgan-chase-agree-to-a-us-75-billion-plan-designed-to-heal-the-credit-markets.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
10. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S., US$_
