### [2013-01-7](/news/2013/01/7/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama nominates PIAB Chairman Chuck Hagel to be the next Secretary of Defense and HSC Advisor John O. Brennan to be the next Director of the CIA. 

President Obama names Chuck Hagel to head the Pentagon and terrorism adviser John Brennan to lead the CIA, but Republicans question the nominations.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_OBAMA_NATIONAL_SECURITY)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-20934638)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/whitehouse/obama-picks-chuck-hagel-as-next-defense-secretary-setting-up-likely-confirmation-fight/2013/01/07/2dc9e916-58a4-11e2-b8b2-0d18a64c8dfa_story.html)

### Related:

1. [President Barack Obama accepts the resignation of  Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel. ](/news/2014/11/24/president-barack-obama-accepts-the-resignation-of-secretary-of-defense-chuck-hagel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Defense, president_
2. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Director of the CIA, John Brennan, president_
3. [The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-mattis-as-secretary-of-defe.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, president_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
7. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
8. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
9. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
10. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, president_
