### [2005-11-26](/news/2005/11/26/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq:. Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)]. Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer]. The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)]. An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)]. Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)]. The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)




### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
2. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan-s most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-nort.md) _Context: India, earthquake, magnitude_
3. [Sinai Insurgency. The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. ](/news/2014/10/26/sinai-insurgency-the-egyptian-government-closes-the-rafah-border-crossing-with-gaza-and-will-set-up-a-buffer-zone-after-a-series-of-attacks.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
4. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
5. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: Baghdad, Egypt, Iraq_
6. [Middle East:. Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/middle-east-israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
7. [A 3.4 Mw earthquake hits Guizhou Province, China, and kills seven people. ](/news/2010/01/18/a-3-4-mw-earthquake-hits-guizhou-province-china-and-kills-seven-people.md) _Context: China, earthquake, magnitude_
8. [ Thousands of Palestinians flee into Egypt, as the border wall with Gaza in Rafah is blown up by militants. ](/news/2008/01/23/thousands-of-palestinians-flee-into-egypt-as-the-border-wall-with-gaza-in-rafah-is-blown-up-by-militants.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
10. [ A strong earthquake measuring 6.7 on the moment magnitude scale hits Greece at 13:34. The earthquake's epicentre was in the sea region 25&nbsp;km east of the island of Kythira, about 200&nbsp;km south of Athens. Although it was felt as far as Sicily, south Italy, Egypt, and Amman in Jordan, it was not disastrous due to its deep hypocentre and the sea-bed epicentre. Little damage (mainly in Kythira) and few light injuries are reported. ](/news/2006/01/8/a-strong-earthquake-measuring-6-7-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-hits-greece-at-13-34-the-earthquake-s-epicentre-was-in-the-sea-region-25-n.md) _Context: Egypt, earthquake, magnitude_
