### [2013-06-20](/news/2013/06/20/index.md)

# Argentinian football star Lionel Messi and his father are summoned to appear before a Spanish court on tax charges in September. 

LIONEL Messi and his father have been ordered by a Spanish court to appear for questioning in September as part of an investigation into tax fraud allegations.


### Source:

1. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/sport/football/lionel-messi-called-before-judge-to-face-questions-on-alleged-tax-fraud/story-fndkzvnd-1226667173286)

### Related:

1. [In football, Argentinian Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona sets a new goal scoring record in La Liga of 253 goals. ](/news/2014/11/22/in-football-argentinian-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-sets-a-new-goal-scoring-record-in-la-liga-of-253-goals.md) _Context: Argentinian, Lionel Messi, association football_
2. [In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-and-argentina-wins-the-2015-fifa-ballon-d-or-for-his-fifth-time-barassa-manager-luis.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
3. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
4. [In association football, Lionel Messi of Argentina wins the 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or as the best player for a third consecutive time. Abby Wambach of the United States wins the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award, the first time in ten years that an American has won the award. ](/news/2013/01/7/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-argentina-wins-the-2012-fifa-ballon-d-or-as-the-best-player-for-a-third-consecutive-time-abby-wamb.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
5. [Lionel Messi breaks Gerd Muller's scoring record for a single European football season with a league hat-trick as Barcelona defeat Malaga. ](/news/2012/05/2/lionel-messi-breaks-gerd-ma1-4ller-s-scoring-record-for-a-single-european-football-season-with-a-league-hat-trick-as-barcelona-defeat-malaga.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
6. [Lionel Messi of Argentina wins the FIFA Ballon d'Or as world football player for the second successive year. ](/news/2011/01/10/lionel-messi-of-argentina-wins-the-fifa-ballon-d-or-as-world-football-player-for-the-second-successive-year.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
7. [FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi is widely hailed as the best footballer in the world after scoring four goals for the first time in his career in one UEFA Champions League game, including his fourth hat-trick of 2010. ](/news/2010/04/7/fc-barcelona-s-lionel-messi-is-widely-hailed-as-the-best-footballer-in-the-world-after-scoring-four-goals-for-the-first-time-in-his-career-i.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
8. [ Football: The semi-finals of Copa del Rey begin in Nou Camp.  Argentinian Lionel Messi scored a spectacular goal against Getafe CF.That goal is very similar to a Diego Maradona's goal against England in Mexico World Cup 1986.Both of them passed six defenders including goalkeeper and scored.](/news/2007/04/11/football-the-semi-finals-of-copa-del-rey-begin-in-nou-camp-argentinian-lionel-messi-scored-a-spectacular-goal-against-getafe-cf-that-goa.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
9. [In association football, Toronto FC play Seattle Sounders FC in the MLS Cup final held at Toronto's BMO Field. The Sounders win 5-4 in a penalty shootout after the game ended scoreless after extra time. It is the Sounders' first MLS title. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-association-football-toronto-fc-play-seattle-sounders-fc-in-the-mls-cup-final-held-at-toronto-s-bmo-field-the-sounders-win-5a4-in-a-p.md) _Context: association football_
10. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
