### [2013-06-20](/news/2013/06/20/index.md)

# In basketball, the Miami Heat defeat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals 4-3, successfully defending their title from last season. Season MVP LeBron James is named Finals MVP for the second straight year. 

Get a recap of the San Antonio Spurs vs. Miami Heat basketball game.


### Source:

1. [AP via ESPN](http://scores.espn.go.com/nba/recap?gameId=400467339)

### Related:

1. [In basketball, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors in seven games to win the 2016 NBA Championship. Cleveland, winning its first NBA title in the franchise's 45-year history, also became the first NBA team to rally from a 3-1 deficit and win the crown. Tonight's victory also ends the 52-year title drought of Cleveland's major sports teams; in 1964, the Cleveland Browns shut out the Baltimore Colts for the NFL title. Cleveland's LeBron James is unanimously voted the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, his third such award. ](/news/2016/06/19/in-basketball-the-cleveland-cavaliers-beat-the-golden-state-warriors-in-seven-games-to-win-the-2016-nba-championship-cleveland-winning-it.md) _Context: LeBron James, Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, basketball_
2. [In American basketball, the Miami Heat wins the 2012 NBA Finals defeating the Oklahoma City Thunder four games to one. LeBron James wins the NBA Finals MVP award. ](/news/2012/06/21/in-american-basketball-the-miami-heat-wins-the-2012-nba-finals-defeating-the-oklahoma-city-thunder-four-games-to-one-lebron-james-wins-the.md) _Context: LeBron James, Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, basketball_
3. [ In basketball, Tim Duncan, who played his entire 19-season NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs, where he won five NBA titles and two MVP awards, made 15 All-Star appearances and made the All-NBA first team 10 times, announces his retirement. ](/news/2016/07/11/in-basketball-tim-duncan-who-played-his-entire-19-season-nba-career-with-the-san-antonio-spurs-where-he-won-five-nba-titles-and-two-mvp.md) _Context: MVP, basketball_
4. [In basketball, the Golden State Warriors defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers 105-97 in Game 6 to secure their first title since 1975. Andre Iguodala is named the series MVP.  ](/news/2015/06/16/in-basketball-the-golden-state-warriors-defeat-the-cleveland-cavaliers-105-97-in-game-6-to-secure-their-first-title-since-1975-andre-iguod.md) _Context: Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, basketball_
5. [In basketball, Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors is named as Most Valuable Player of the North American National Basketball Association for the 2014-15 NBA season. ](/news/2015/05/4/in-basketball-stephen-curry-of-the-golden-state-warriors-is-named-as-most-valuable-player-of-the-north-american-national-basketball-associa.md) _Context: MVP, basketball_
6. [Four-time NBA MVP LeBron James, who opted out of the final two years of his contract with the Miami Heat, announces that he will return to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he played for the first seven seasons of his NBA career. ](/news/2014/07/11/four-time-nba-mvp-lebron-james-who-opted-out-of-the-final-two-years-of-his-contract-with-the-miami-heat-announces-that-he-will-return-to-t.md) _Context: LeBron James, MVP_
7. [In basketball, Miami Heat forward LeBron James becomes the youngest player in NBA history to score 20,000 career points. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-basketball-miami-heat-forward-lebron-james-becomes-the-youngest-player-in-nba-history-to-score-20-000-career-points.md) _Context: LeBron James, basketball_
8. [In basketball, the North American National Basketball Association cancels the remainder of the preseason due to the 2011 NBA lockout, with cancellation of games in the regular season occurring if the lockout continues for another week. ](/news/2011/10/4/in-basketball-the-north-american-national-basketball-association-cancels-the-remainder-of-the-preseason-due-to-the-2011-nba-lockout-with-c.md) _Context: basketball, last season_
9. [In basketball, National Basketball Association Commissioner David Stern cancels the first two weeks of the 2011-12 NBA season due to the ongoing lockout. ](/news/2011/10/10/in-basketball-national-basketball-association-commissioner-david-stern-cancels-the-first-two-weeks-of-the-2011a12-nba-season-due-to-the-o.md) _Context: basketball, last season_
10. [Basketball star LeBron James buys a minority interest in Premier League team Liverpool Football Club. ](/news/2011/04/6/basketball-star-lebron-james-buys-a-minority-interest-in-premier-league-team-liverpool-football-club.md) _Context: LeBron James, basketball_
