### [2013-06-20](/news/2013/06/20/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Committee on the Rights of the Child accuses Israeli soldiers of torturing Palestinian children and using them as human shields. 

A United Nations human rights body accused Israeli forces on Thursday of mistreating Palestinian children, including by torturing those in custody and using others as human shields.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/20/us-palestinian-israel-children-idUSBRE95J0FR20130620)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Indonesian President Joko -Jokowi- Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-indonesian-president-joko-jokowi-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-coopera.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2013/12/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-forces-kill-a-palestinian-and-wound-four-others-in-three-separate-incidents-of-cross-border-violenc.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat calls for the demolition of 22 Palestinian homes in the Silwan neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Barkat wants to build a tourist centre, while Palestinians say it is "forced displacement". Members of Israel's Meretz say they will resign their city council seats in protest. ](/news/2010/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-mayor-of-jerusalem-nir-barkat-calls-for-the-demolition-of-22-palestinian-homes-in-the-silwan-neighbourhood.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Campaigning organisations call for the lifting of an Israeli media ban on the "security case", the case of a 23-year-old former soldier who leaked details of extra-judicial killings of Palestinians. ](/news/2010/04/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-campaigning-organisations-call-for-the-lifting-of-an-israeli-media-ban-on-the-security-case-the-case-of.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-be.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The dismembered corpse of a Palestinian fighter killed by Israeli gunfire in the Gaza Strip is recovered. ](/news/2010/04/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-dismembered-corpse-of-a-palestinian-fighter-killed-by-israeli-gunfire-in-the-gaza-strip-is-recovered.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
