### [2008-11-8](/news/2008/11/8/index.md)

#  A coalition consisting of the National Party, ACT and United Future wins a majority of seats in the Parliament of New Zealand, ending nine years of Labour Party-led rule. 

News, views and commentary on the 2008 parliamentary election in New Zealand


### Source:

1. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz-election-2008/news/headlines.cfm?c_id=1501799)

### Related:

1. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: ACT, New Zealand National Party, United Future_
2. [New Zealand general election and voting system referendum:Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. ](/news/2011/12/10/new-zealand-general-election-and-voting-system-referendum-pofficial-results-for-the-26-november-general-election-confirm-john-key-s-national.md) _Context: ACT, New Zealand National Party, United Future_
3. [ Helen Clark announces the formation of a Labour-led Government in New Zealand. The Progressive Party is in coalition. New Zealand First and United Future support the government and are each given ministerial positions outside Cabinet. ](/news/2005/10/17/helen-clark-announces-the-formation-of-a-labour-led-government-in-new-zealand-the-progressive-party-is-in-coalition-new-zealand-first-and.md) _Context: Labour Party, United Future_
4. [ New Zealand's  Labour Prime Minister Helen Clark is set to form a third-term government after the National Party loses a seat following the count of 'special' votes.  She begins talks with minor party leaders to form a coalition government as well obtain the support of enough minor parties to have a majority on supply and confidence issues. ](/news/2005/10/1/new-zealand-s-labour-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-set-to-form-a-third-term-government-after-the-national-party-loses-a-seat-following-the.md) _Context: Labour Party, New Zealand National Party_
5. [ In the New Zealand general election, the Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Helen Clark, seems best placed to form a new government. Although the opposition National Party of Dr. Don Brash makes the greatest gains, these are mainly at the expense of minor parties. All the existing minor parties lose seats, with only the new Maori Party making gains. ([http://www.electionresults.govt.nz/partystatus.html Elections New Zealand])](/news/2005/09/17/in-the-new-zealand-general-election-the-labour-party-led-by-prime-minister-helen-clark-seems-best-placed-to-form-a-new-government-altho.md) _Context: Labour Party, New Zealand National Party_
6. [ Jacinda Ardern is elected the new leader of the Labour Party, after Andrew Little resigns on the back of poor polling performance ahead of the 23 September election. ](/news/2017/08/1/jacinda-ardern-is-elected-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after-andrew-little-resigns-on-the-back-of-poor-polling-performance-ahead-of.md) _Context: Labour Party_
7. [Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-majority-of-members-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-to.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
8. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
9. [Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. ](/news/2016/12/12/bill-english-is-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-and-is-now-the-country-s-prime-minister-paula-bennett-is-elected-as.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party_
10. [Andrew Little is elected to lead the New Zealand Labour Party following the resignation of David Cunliffe in September. ](/news/2014/11/18/andrew-little-is-elected-to-lead-the-new-zealand-labour-party-following-the-resignation-of-david-cunliffe-in-september.md) _Context: Labour Party_
