### [2012-10-8](/news/2012/10/8/index.md)

# Mustafa A.G. Abushagur, the first elected prime minister of Libya, is elected out of office after the Libyan parliament passed a vote of no confidence; Abdurrahim El-Keib assumes the post again. 

Libya&#x27;s&#x20;newly&#x20;elected&#x20;Prime&#x20;Minister&#x20;Mustafa&#x20;Abushagur&#x20;was&#x20;dismissed&#x20;by&#x20;the&#x20;country&#x27;s&#x20;congress&#x20;on&#x20;Sunday&#x20;after&#x20;members&#x20;passed&#x20;a&#x20;vote&#x20;of&#x20;no&#x20;confidence.&#x20;The&#x20;vote&#x20;came&#x20;after&#x20;lawmakers&#x20;rejected&#x20;Abushagur&#x27;s&#x20;nominations&#x20;for&#x20;a&#x20;new&#x20;government.


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20121007-libya-newly-elected-pm-dismissed-parliament-abushagur)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of Libya orders the closure of Libya's southern borders with Chad, Sudan, Algeria and Niger while declaring seven southern regions restricted military areas to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and goods. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-parliament-of-libya-orders-the-closure-of-libya-s-southern-borders-with-chad-sudan-algeria-and-niger-while-declaring-seven-southern-re.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Parliament_
2. [Libya Abdullah Al-Sha Mausoleum's destruction:. The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/libya-abdullah-al-sha-mausoleum-s-destruction-the-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-cal.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Parliament_
3. [European Union-Libya relations. The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/european-union-libya-relations-the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Libya_
5. [European migrant crisis. The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: Libya_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya_
7. [European migrant crisis. An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental.md) _Context: Libya_
8. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Libya_
9. [Libyan fisherman discover the bodies of 28 migrants in a broken-down boat off the coast of Sabratha. ](/news/2017/04/18/libyan-fisherman-discover-the-bodies-of-28-migrants-in-a-broken-down-boat-off-the-coast-of-sabratha.md) _Context: Libya_
10. [European migrant crisis. More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
