### [2011-03-22](/news/2011/03/22/index.md)

# Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of South Dakota, signs an abortion bill requiring women to undertake counselling and wait for 72 hours, the longest period in the US. 




### Source:

1. [Argus Leader](http://www.argusleader.com/article/20110322/UPDATES/110322076/Governor-signs-abortion-law-requiring-waiting-period-counseling?odyssey=tab|topnews|text|Home)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. ](/news/2016/03/1/in-the-united-states-south-dakota-governor-dennis-daugaard-vetoes-house-bill-1008-that-would-have-required-transgender-students-to-use-bath.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
2. [In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-transgender-to-use-the-schoo.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
3. [Dennis Daugaard, the Governor of the US state of South Dakota, warns residents living south of the state capital of Pierre to prepare evacuation plans ahead of likely flooding of the Missouri River. ](/news/2011/05/29/dennis-daugaard-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-south-dakota-warns-residents-living-south-of-the-state-capital-of-pierre-to-prepare-evacua.md) _Context: Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota Governor_
4. [Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conservative-country-s-sta.md) _Context: abortion_
5. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: abortion_
6. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: abortion_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: abortion_
8. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: abortion_
9. [ The Oklahoma legislature passes a bill that would make it a felony for doctors to perform abortions and revokes the medical license of assisting physicians. The governor then vetoes the bill. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-passes-a-bill-that-would-make-it-a-felony-for-doctors-to-perform-abortions-and-revokes-the-medical-license-of-assi.md) _Context: abortion_
10. [Pope Francis indicates that contraceptives could be allowed, as the "lesser of two evils" vis-a-vis the sin of abortion, in addressing the life-threatening problem the Zika virus presents. He noted that Pope Paul VI, "in a difficult situation in Africa, permitted nuns to use contraceptives in cases of rape". ](/news/2016/02/18/pope-francis-indicates-that-contraceptives-could-be-allowed-as-the-lesser-of-two-evils-vis-a-vis-the-sin-of-abortion-in-addressing-the.md) _Context: abortion_
