### [2011-03-22](/news/2011/03/22/index.md)

# The Philippine House of Representatives votes to impeach the Ombudsman, Merceditas Gutierrez, for allegedly failing to investigate former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and other senior officials of her administration with sufficient vigor. 

Philippine lawmakers have impeached the country&#x27;s chief anti-graft investigator in what new President Benigno Aquino&#x27;s backers say is a victory in efforts to remove an obstacle to prosecuting his predecessor and other top officials for alleged massive corruption.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://sg.news.yahoo.com/philippine-lawmakers-impeach-top-anti-graft-prober-20110321-201534-763.html)

### Related:

1. [Former President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested over charges of electoral fraud. ](/news/2011/11/18/former-president-of-the-philippines-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-is-arrested-over-charges-of-electoral-fraud.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
2. [Ombudsman of the Philippines Merceditas Gutierrez resigns. Politicians previously voted to impeach her. ](/news/2011/04/29/ombudsman-of-the-philippines-merceditas-gutierrez-resigns-politicians-previously-voted-to-impeach-her.md) _Context: Merceditas Gutierrez, impeach her_
3. [ The President of the Philippines Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declares martial law in Maguindanao following the Maguindanao massacre. ](/news/2009/12/5/the-president-of-the-philippines-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-martial-law-in-maguindanao-following-the-maguindanao-massacre.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
4. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo steps down as head of the ruling Lakas-Kampi-CMD party and endorses her former defense minister Gilberto Teodoro for President. ](/news/2009/11/19/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-steps-down-as-head-of-the-ruling-lakas-kampi-cmd-party-and-endorses-her-former-defense-ministe.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
5. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo pardons the 10 remaining convicted murderers involved in the assassination of politician Benigno Aquino, Jr. ](/news/2009/03/5/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-pardons-the-10-remaining-convicted-murderers-involved-in-the-assassination-of-politician-benig.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
6. [ In the Philippines, 49 people are charged with rebellion over an alleged plot to overthrow President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in February 2006. ](/news/2006/04/25/in-the-philippines-49-people-are-charged-with-rebellion-over-an-alleged-plot-to-overthrow-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-in-february-20.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
7. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declares a state of emergency in attempt to subdue a possible military coup. ](/news/2006/02/24/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-attempt-to-subdue-a-possible-military-coup.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
8. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo survives the 2005 political crisis as the plenary session of the House of Representatives of the Philippines dropped the impeachment complaint filed against her. ](/news/2005/09/6/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-survives-the-2005-political-crisis-as-the-plenary-session-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-t.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
9. [Regions of the Philippines. President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
10. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-phil.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
