### [2011-03-22](/news/2011/03/22/index.md)

# The headquarters of Egypt's Ministry of Interior burns to the ground as police officers protest outside about low wages. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=13193206)

### Related:

1. [Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State's "Sinai province."  Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-stateas-asinai-province-a-ashraf-ali-hassanein-al-gha.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian interior minister_
2. [In Cairo, Egypt, clashes between police and fans of Zamalek SC kill 22 people. Egyptian authorities indefinitely suspend football league matches. ](/news/2015/02/8/in-cairo-egypt-clashes-between-police-and-fans-of-zamalek-sc-kill-22-people-egyptian-authorities-indefinitely-suspend-football-league-mat.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
3. [Political violence in Egypt (July 2013-present):Egyptian interior minister Mohamed Ibrahim Moustafa survives an assassination attempt as his convoy traveled through the Nasr City district in Cairo. ](/news/2013/09/5/political-violence-in-egypt-july-2013apresent-pegyptian-interior-minister-mohamed-ibrahim-moustafa-survives-an-assassination-attempt-as.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian interior minister_
4. [Aftermath of the 2013 Egyptian coup d'etat:Hundreds are reported dead - including 43 police - across Egypt as Morsi supporters clash with security forces in response to a crackdown on protests. ](/news/2013/08/14/aftermath-of-the-2013-egyptian-coup-d-a-c-tat-phundreds-are-reported-dead-including-43-police-across-egypt-as-morsi-supporters-clash-with.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
5. [Six people - including army officers and policemen - are killed and another eleven wounded in a series of militant attacks in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2013/07/22/six-people-a-including-army-officers-and-policemen-a-are-killed-and-another-eleven-wounded-in-a-series-of-militant-attacks-in-egypt-s-si.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
6. [Egyptian protests:Egyptian police shoot and kill two protesters in Suez, the first deaths to occur as protests spring up over the Port Said Stadium clashes. ](/news/2012/02/3/egyptian-protests-pegyptian-police-shoot-and-kill-two-protesters-in-suez-the-first-deaths-to-occur-as-protests-spring-up-over-the-port-said.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
7. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak appears in court for the second session of his trial with his two sons Alaa and Gamal who share corruption charges with him; the trial is subsequently adjourned and ordered to be merged with that of former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly. ](/news/2011/08/15/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-appears-in-court-for-the-second-session-of-his-trial-with-his-two-sons-alaa-and-gamal-who-share-corr.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian interior minister_
8. [Coptic Christians clash with police in Cairo and Alexandria, Egypt, as they demand more protection for Egypt's Christian minority following a New Year's Day bombing of a Coptic church that killed 21. ](/news/2011/01/3/coptic-christians-clash-with-police-in-cairo-and-alexandria-egypt-as-they-demand-more-protection-for-egypt-s-christian-minority-following.md) _Context: Egypt, police officers_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
