### [2008-08-12](/news/2008/08/12/index.md)

#  On August 12, 2008, a class action lawsuit was filed against Facebook, Blockbuster Inc., Overstock.com, Fandango, Hotwire.com, GameFly, Zappos.com, and any additional "John Doe" corporations that activated Facebook Beacon when they released their common member's personal information to their Facebook user friends without their consent through the Facebook Beacon program. The lawsuit alleges the release of the information was a violation of the Video Privacy Protection Act, Electronic Communication Privacy Act, Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, California Consumer Legal Remedies Act, and the California Computer Crime Law.




### Related:

1. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook_
2. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twitt.md) _Context: Facebook_
3. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Facebook_
4. [Cleveland police search for a suspect identified in a Facebook video showing one man shooting an elderly man. ](/news/2017/04/16/cleveland-police-search-for-a-suspect-identified-in-a-facebook-video-showing-one-man-shooting-an-elderly-man.md) _Context: Facebook_
5. [Mark Zuckerberg publishes a new mission statement for his website, Facebook, including the development of artificial intelligence to identify potential tragic events such as suicides before they occur. ](/news/2017/02/17/mark-zuckerberg-publishes-a-new-mission-statement-for-his-website-facebook-including-the-development-of-artificial-intelligence-to-identif.md) _Context: Facebook_
6. [A jury finds in favor of video game publisher ZeniMax Media after the trial of its copyright lawsuit against Oculus and Facebook, regarding virtual reality coding. ](/news/2017/02/1/a-jury-finds-in-favor-of-video-game-publisher-zenimax-media-after-the-trial-of-its-copyright-lawsuit-against-oculus-and-facebook-regarding.md) _Context: Facebook_
7. [Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. ](/news/2017/01/4/chicago-police-arrest-four-african-american-suspects-after-they-stream-a-video-on-facebook-showing-themselves-torturing-and-scalping-a-bound.md) _Context: Facebook_
8. [A Syrian refugee is suing Facebook after the company failed to remove posts with his image that accuse him of being a terrorist. ](/news/2017/01/14/a-syrian-refugee-is-suing-facebook-after-the-company-failed-to-remove-posts-with-his-image-that-accuse-him-of-being-a-terrorist.md) _Context: Facebook_
9. [A Cambodian opposition senator is sentenced to 7 years in prison for a post on Facebook. ](/news/2016/11/7/a-cambodian-opposition-senator-is-sentenced-to-7-years-in-prison-for-a-post-on-facebook.md) _Context: Facebook_
10. [The Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" accuses Facebook of censorship because of the website's decision to remove the iconic Vietnam War-era photo "napalm girl" as child pornography. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-norwegian-newspaper-aftenposten-accuses-facebook-of-censorship-because-of-the-website-s-decision-to-remove-the-iconic-vietnam-waraer.md) _Context: Facebook_
