### [2012-10-4](/news/2012/10/4/index.md)

# Former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is arrested in hospital on new charges of allegedly misusing state funds while in office. 

MANILA &ndash; Former President and Congresswoman Gloria Macapagal Arroyo is now a &ldquo;patient-detainee&rdquo; at the Veterans Memorial Medical Center in Quezon City after being served a warrant for her arrest on plunder charges.


### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](http://www.abs-cbnnews.com/nation/10/04/12/arroyo-arrested-plunder-stays-vmmc)

### Related:

1. [Philippine general election, 2010: Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]: Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]: World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine_
2. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo steps down as head of the ruling Lakas-Kampi-CMD party and endorses her former defense minister Gilberto Teodoro for President. ](/news/2009/11/19/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-steps-down-as-head-of-the-ruling-lakas-kampi-cmd-party-and-endorses-her-former-defense-ministe.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippine_
3. [Marawi crisis: Philippine forces continue to battle Maute militants for the city of Marawi. ](/news/2017/05/29/marawi-crisis-philippine-forces-continue-to-battle-maute-militants-for-the-city-of-marawi.md) _Context: Philippine_
4. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo defends her fellow Liberal party-mate Leila de Lima who was arrested for alleged drug trafficking. Robredo calls de Lima's arrest political harassment. ](/news/2017/02/24/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-defends-her-fellow-liberal-party-mate-leila-de-lima-who-was-arrested-for-alleged-drug-trafficking-ro.md) _Context: Philippine_
5. [A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day ](/news/2017/02/23/a-philippine-court-orders-the-arrest-of-duterte-critic-and-liberal-senator-leila-de-lima-she-later-voluntarily-turned-herself-in-the-next-d.md) _Context: Philippine_
6. [Filipino senator Leila de Lima files a lawsuit against Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte in the country's Supreme Court seeking to stop the president from gathering, and making public, information about her private life. ](/news/2016/11/7/filipino-senator-leila-de-lima-files-a-lawsuit-against-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-the-country-s-supreme-court-seeking-to-stop-t.md) _Context: Philippine_
7. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. ](/news/2016/11/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-to-suspend-the-country-s-habeas-corpus-if-forced-to-by-what-he-says-the-worsening-lawlessne.md) _Context: Philippine_
8. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Philippine_
9. [The Sandiganbayan court clears former Philippines president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in the national broadband corruption scandal. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-sandiganbayan-court-clears-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-in-the-national-broadband-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo_
10. [Indonesia-Philippines relations: In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a "Manila Bulletin" article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/indonesia-philippines-relations-in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Philippine_
