### [2012-10-4](/news/2012/10/4/index.md)

# Protesters storm the headquarters of the Libyan General National Congress in the capital Tripoli angry at Prime Minister Mustafa Abushagur's proposed cabinet line-up, saying it is not fully representative of the country. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/10/04/us-libya-government-idUSBRE8930RG20121004)

### Related:

1. [Libya Abdullah Al-Sha Mausoleum's destruction:. The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/libya-abdullah-al-sha-mausoleum-s-destruction-the-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-cal.md) _Context: Libyan Parliament, Tripoli_
2. [Gaddafi family. Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/gaddafi-family-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-govern.md) _Context: Tripoli_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-natio.md) _Context: Tripoli_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Tripoli_
5. [European migrant crisis. A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/european-migrant-crisis-a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-din.md) _Context: Tripoli_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Tripoli_
7. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Tripoli_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United Nations-backed Libyan Presidential Council arrives in Tripoli despite warnings by hardliners opposed to any unity government that they will attempt to keep them out of the city. ](/news/2016/03/30/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-nations-backed-libyan-presidential-council-arrives-in-tripoli-despite-warnings-by-hardliners-o.md) _Context: Tripoli_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Blasts and gunfire are reported in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/03/30/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-blasts-and-gunfire-are-reported-in-tripoli.md) _Context: Tripoli_
10. [ Libyan Civil War. Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/libyan-civil-war-rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that.md) _Context: Tripoli_
