### [2003-11-27](/news/2003/11/27/index.md)

#  Larry Spencer of the Canadian Alliance party makes public statements stating his desire to recriminalize homosexual behaviour in Canada to combat what he claimed was a conspiracy by the homosexual community to infiltrate social institutions to recruit children into the "homosexual lifestyle". He was quickly denounced by numerous public figures including his own party leader, Stephen Harper, who also made him resign his position as Family Issue Critic in the Canadian House of Commons with an apology. However, commentators have noted that these inflammatory homophobic statements have placed the pending vote on the proposed merger with the Progressive Conservative Party on December 6 in jeopardy by illustrating fundamental differences between the parties concerning social attitudes.




### Related:

1. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Stephen Harper_
2. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Stephen Harper_
3. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Canadian House of Commons endorse a motion to declare that the Qubcois form a nation within a unified Canada. ](/news/2006/11/27/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-and-the-canadian-house-of-commons-endorse-a-motion-to-declare-that-the-quebecois-form-a-nation-withi.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Stephen Harper_
4. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Stephen Harper_
5. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Stephen Harper_
6. [The new Conservative Party of Canada, resulting from the merger of the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada, is officially registered with Elections Canada. The party's first interim leader is John Lynch-Staunton, with a leadership race scheduled for March 2004. [http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20031208.wmerg1208/BNStory/National/]](/news/2003/12/8/the-new-conservative-party-of-canada-resulting-from-the-merger-of-the-canadian-alliance-and-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-i.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
7. [ Delegates representing the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada vote 90% to 10% in favour of forming a union with the Canadian Alliance. The Alliance approved the measure even more overwhelmingly yesterday, with 96% support. The new party is to style itself the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/06/tories_vote031206]](/news/2003/12/6/delegates-representing-the-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-vote-90-to-10-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-canadian-alliance.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
8. [Members of the Canadian Alliance vote 96% to 4% in favour of forming a union with the Progressive Conservative Party, called the Conservative Party of Canada. The Progressive Conservatives will vote tomorrow. ](/news/2003/12/5/members-of-the-canadian-alliance-vote-96-to-4-in-favour-of-forming-a-union-with-the-progressive-conservative-party-called-the-conservativ.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
9. [ The Canadian Alliance and Progressive Conservative Party of Canada strike a deal to merge. The deal creating the Conservative Party of Canada must be ratified by each party's membership before December 12.](/news/2003/10/15/the-canadian-alliance-and-progressive-conservative-party-of-canada-strike-a-deal-to-merge-the-deal-creating-the-conservative-party-of-cana.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Progressive Conservative Party of Canada_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: A House of Commons motion brought by the Canadian Alliance reiterating the heterosexual definition of marriage is narrowly defeated. This motion is preparatory to the government's introduction of a bill to extend the Federal marriage law to include same-sex couples, expected within the next few months.](/news/2003/09/16/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-a-house-of-commons-motion-brought-by-the-canadian-alliance-reiterating-the-heterosexual-definition-of-marriage.md) _Context: Canadian Alliance, Canadian House of Commons_
