### [2003-11-27](/news/2003/11/27/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China angrily rejects US anti-dumping measures on imports of televisions from China, saying that the US measures breach WTO agreements and discriminate against Chinese firms; Premier Wen Jiabao is due to visit Washington, DC, next month.




### Related:

1. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao calls for reform of China's political system in the lead-up to a four-day annual policy meeting of Communist Party leaders. ](/news/2010/10/13/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-calls-for-reform-of-china-s-political-system-in-the-lead-up-to-a-four-day-annual-policy-meeting-of-communist-part.md) _Context: Premier, Wen Jiabao_
2. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
3. ["The New York Times" claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2013/01/31/the-new-york-times-claims-that-chinese-hackers-have-broken-into-their-computers-and-stolen-passwords-of-high-profile-members-and-reporters.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
4. [Asian and European leaders meet at the Ninth Asia-Europe Meeting in Vientiane, Laos to discuss issues including the current financial crisis. 51 foreign leaders are expected to attend including premier of China Wen Jiabao and President of Laos Choummaly Sayasone. ](/news/2012/11/5/asian-and-european-leaders-meet-at-the-ninth-asiaaeurope-meeting-in-vientiane-laos-to-discuss-issues-including-the-current-financial-cris.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
5. [China blocks the website of the "New York Times" and searches on social media after it published an investigation into the finances of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2012/10/26/china-blocks-the-website-of-the-new-york-times-and-searches-on-social-media-after-it-published-an-investigation-into-the-finances-of-premi.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
6. [The United States and the People's Republic of China exchange WTO trade complaints: the US complaining of China's support for automotive exports, and China complaining of new U.S. duties on several of their products. ](/news/2012/09/17/the-united-states-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-exchange-wto-trade-complaints-the-us-complaining-of-china-s-support-for-automotive-exp.md) _Context: WTO_
7. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao says the Dalai Lama is responsible for ongoing self-immolations by Tibetan monks. ](/news/2012/03/15/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-says-the-dalai-lama-is-responsible-for-ongoing-self-immolations-by-tibetan-monks.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
8. [The United States, Japan, and the European Union file a case against China at the WTO regarding export restrictions on rare earth metals. ](/news/2012/03/13/the-united-states-japan-and-the-european-union-file-a-case-against-china-at-the-wto-regarding-export-restrictions-on-rare-earth-metals.md) _Context: WTO_
9. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper goes on an official visit to China, meeting with President Hu Jintao, Premier Wen Jiabao, and Vice-Premier Li Keqiang. The two countries sign trade deals worth over $3 billion. ](/news/2012/02/9/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-goes-on-an-official-visit-to-china-meeting-with-president-hu-jintao-premier-wen-jiabao-and-vice-pr.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
10. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao pledges greater freedoms in Tibet, hours after two protesters are killed demanding the end of Chinese rule in the region; seven officials are also sacked for "neglecting state duties". ](/news/2012/02/10/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-pledges-greater-freedoms-in-tibet-hours-after-two-protesters-are-killed-demanding-the-end-of-chinese-rule-in-the.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
