### [2003-11-27](/news/2003/11/27/index.md)

#  UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan says that the global war against AIDS is being lost.




### Related:

1. [ Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, expresses concern about a resumption of fighting in Sudan between the army and the Sudan People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2006/11/29/kofi-annan-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-expresses-concern-about-a-resumption-of-fighting-in-sudan-between-the-army-and-the.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
2. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
3. [ The UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, makes a surprise visit to Iraq and expresses support for an Arab League conference discussing cooperation with Iraq's many factions. ](/news/2005/11/12/the-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-expresses-support-for-an-arab-league-conference-discussing-cooperat.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
4. [ A report by the Independent Inquiry Committee criticizes U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan and the U.N. Security Council's role in the Oil-for-Food Programme. ](/news/2005/09/7/a-report-by-the-independent-inquiry-committee-criticizes-u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-and-the-u-n-security-council-s-role-in-the-oil.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
5. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan announces a report that states that the AIDS epidemic is accelerating despite the major efforts to stop it. ](/news/2005/06/2/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-announces-a-report-that-states-that-the-aids-epidemic-is-accelerating-despite-the-major-efforts.md) _Context: AIDS, Kofi Annan_
6. [ On a visit to Ottawa, Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan addressed a dinner, saying that Canada is a pillar of the United Nations. ](/news/2004/03/8/on-a-visit-to-ottawa-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-kofi-annan-addressed-a-dinner-saying-that-canada-is-a-pillar-of-the-united-n.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
7. [ Clare Short, former British Cabinet Minister, alleges on the BBC "Today" radio programme that British spies regularly intercept UN communications, including those of Kofi Annan, its Secretary-General. ](/news/2004/02/26/clare-short-former-british-cabinet-minister-alleges-on-the-bbc-today-radio-programme-that-british-spies-regularly-intercept-un-communic.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
8. [ The United Nations sides with the United States on voting in Iraq. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and other UN officials call direct elections in advance of July 2004 impractical, due to continuing disorder in Iraq and other factors.](/news/2004/01/15/the-united-nations-sides-with-the-united-states-on-voting-in-iraq-secretary-general-kofi-annan-and-other-un-officials-call-direct-election.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: The United Nations Security Council discusses a new United States draft resolution on Iraq, which would enhance the United Nations' role in Iraq. Secretary General Kofi Annan states draft did not go in the direction he recommended. A quicker transfer of sovereignty ""may change the dynamics on the ground, in terms of the security situation, and send a message"".](/news/2003/10/2/occupation-of-iraq-the-united-nations-security-council-discusses-a-new-united-states-draft-resolution-on-iraq-which-would-enhance-the-uni.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
10. [ A suicide attacker detonates a car bomb near United Nations headquarters in Baghdad, killing himself and an Iraqi guard and injuring at least 11 others. The attack came a month after a massive truck bomb devastated the complex and as the UN considers expanding its role in Iraq. UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan states that personnel are assessing the situation following the attack.](/news/2003/09/22/a-suicide-attacker-detonates-a-car-bomb-near-united-nations-headquarters-in-baghdad-killing-himself-and-an-iraqi-guard-and-injuring-at-lea.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
