### [2007-05-1](/news/2007/05/1/index.md)

#  On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. 

The president rejects legislation to pull U.S. troops out of Iraq, calling it &quot;a prescription for chaos.&quot; 


### Source:

1. [AP via Denver Post](http://origin.denverpost.com/extremes/ci_5793368)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6613357.stm)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/05/01/congress.iraq/index.html)
4. [Reuters via  News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,23599,21654706-2,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Senate of the United States approves a funding measure for the War in Iraq calling for the staged withdrawal of forces. U.S. President George W. Bush responded by stating that his reaction to the bill will be to veto it. ](/news/2007/04/26/the-senate-of-the-united-states-approves-a-funding-measure-for-the-war-in-iraq-calling-for-the-staged-withdrawal-of-forces-u-s-president.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, War in Iraq, veto_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to override President Bush's veto of a bill outlawing waterboarding and other interrogation techniques. ](/news/2008/03/11/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-override-president-bush-s-veto-of-a-bill-outlawing-waterboarding-and-other-interrogatio.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, veto_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with-success-a-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, troop cut_
4. [ The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of withdrawing all U.S. troops from Iraq by August 2008. President Bush promises to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-withdrawing-all-u-s-troops-from-iraq-by-august-2008-president-bush-promises.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, troop cut_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, War in Iraq_
6. [ President Bush safely lands in an S-3B Viking jet on the deck of the USS "Abraham Lincoln" returning from operations in Iraq while 100 miles off the coast of San Diego, California. It is the first time a sitting president has arrived on the deck of an aircraft carrier by plane. Bush makes a primetime address, surrounded by hundreds of sailors, in which he declares major combat operations in Iraq over while standing in front of a banner reading "Mission Accomplished".](/news/2003/05/1/president-bush-safely-lands-in-an-s-3b-viking-jet-on-the-deck-of-the-uss-abraham-lincoln-returning-from-operations-in-iraq-while-100-mile.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Mission Accomplished, President_
7. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
8. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
9. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
10. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President_
