### [2009-07-30](/news/2009/07/30/index.md)

#  U.S. President Barack Obama arranged a meeting with police officer Sgt. James Crowley and African American public intellectual Henry Louis Gates at the White House in a bid to quell a dispute over racial profiling that arose from an altercation between the two of them. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2009/07/29/us/politics/AP-US-Obama-Harvard-Scholar.html?_r=1&scp=4&sq=obama%20beer&st=cse)

### Related:

1. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
2. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama presents a Medal of Honor, the highest United States military decoration to  Staff Sgt Salvatore Giunta at the White House. ](/news/2010/11/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-presents-a-medal-of-honor-the-highest-united-states-military-decoration-to-staff-sgt-salva.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
4. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
7. [ Saint Patrick's Day: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-p-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States, White House, president_
8. [ United States Inauguration Day 2009:  Barack Obama is inaugurated as the 44th and first African-American President of the United States. ](/news/2009/01/20/united-states-inauguration-day-2009-p-barack-obama-is-inaugurated-as-the-44th-and-first-african-american-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, United States, president_
9. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: African-American, Barack Obama, United States, president_
10. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House, president_
