### [2011-07-4](/news/2011/07/4/index.md)

# A statue of former President of the United States Ronald Reagan is unveiled at a ceremony outside the American embassy in Grosvenor Square, Central London, opposite a statue of Dwight D. Eisenhower. Those invited include Margaret Thatcher and Condoleezza Rice, while a piece of the Berlin Wall also features. 

A statue of the former US President, Ronald Reagan, is unveiled in central London at a ceremony outside the American embassy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14009137)

### Related:

1. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, U.S. President_
2. [A  judge grants John Hinckley, Jr., the man who tried to assassinate then-President of the United States Ronald Reagan in 1981, additional visits to his family from the Washington, DC psychiatric hospital where he is confined. ](/news/2011/05/11/a-judge-grants-john-hinckley-jr-the-man-who-tried-to-assassinate-then-president-of-the-united-states-ronald-reagan-in-1981-additional-v.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan, U.S. President_
3. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that former President of the United States Jimmy Carter was advised not to hold talks with Hamas. ](/news/2008/04/22/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-that-former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-was-advised-not-to-hold.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, U.S. President_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, U.S. President_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. President_
6. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: U.S. President_
7. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: U.S. President_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: U.S. President_
9. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: U.S. President_
10. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: U.S. President_
