### [2011-07-4](/news/2011/07/4/index.md)

# Trial of Ratko Mladic in The Hague:Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. 

Ex-Bosnian&#x20;Serb&#x20;army&#x20;chief&#x20;Ratko&#x20;Mladic&#x20;will&#x20;not&#x20;attend&#x20;his&#x20;second&#x20;plea&#x20;bargain&#x20;hearing&#x20;on&#x20;Monday&#x20;unless&#x20;he&#x20;is&#x20;forced&#x20;to,&#x20;his&#x20;lawyers&#x20;have&#x20;said.&#x20;Mladic&#x20;was&#x20;arrested&#x20;in&#x20;May&#x20;for&#x20;his&#x20;role&#x20;in&#x20;the&#x20;Srebrenica&#x20;massacre&#x20;during&#x20;the&#x20;Bosnian&#x20;war.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-14012057)
2. [Reuters via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110704-mladic-expected-boycott-war-crimes-court?ns_campaign=nl_obs_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=BOWE_27_20110704&ns_linkname=20110704_mladic_expected_boycott_war_crimes_court&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1043505976770)

### Related:

1. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Colonel General, Ratko Mladic, The Hague, United Nations, genocide_
2. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in  The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Colonel General, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
3. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Srebrenica massacre, The Hague, genocide_
4. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide, war crimes_
5. [Russia vetoes a UN resolution that would have condemned the July 1995 Srebrenica massacre of more than 8,000 Bosniaks as a genocide. ](/news/2015/07/8/russia-vetoes-a-un-resolution-that-would-have-condemned-the-july-1995-srebrenica-massacre-of-more-than-8-000-bosniaks-as-a-genocide.md) _Context: Srebrenica massacre, United Nations, genocide_
6. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic is deferred indefinitely due to errors by prosecutors in disclosing evidence to the defence. ](/news/2012/05/17/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-deferred-indefinitely-due-to-errors-by-prosecutors-in-disclosing-evid.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Colonel General, Ratko Mladic_
7. [A Serbian court rules that former Bosnian Serb military leader Ratko Mladic is fit to stand a genocide trial at The Hague. ](/news/2011/05/27/a-serbian-court-rules-that-former-bosnian-serb-military-leader-ratko-mladia-is-fit-to-stand-a-genocide-trial-at-the-hague.md) _Context: Ratko Mladic, The Hague, genocide_
8. [War crimes fugitive, former Chief of Staff of the Army of the Republika Srpska and former Colonel General Ratko Mladic has been arrested in Serbia. ](/news/2011/05/26/war-crimes-fugitive-former-chief-of-staff-of-the-army-of-the-republika-srpska-and-former-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-has-been-arrested-in.md) _Context: Colonel General, Ratko Mladic, war crimes_
9. [The United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia indict four Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their role in the  regime in the late 1970s, including Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea, former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary, Social Affairs minister Ieng Thirith and head of state Khieu Samphan. ](/news/2010/09/16/the-united-nations-backed-extraordinary-chambers-in-the-courts-of-cambodia-indict-four-khmer-rouge-leaders-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crim.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide, war crimes_
10. [ A Bosnian television station shows what it says is recent video footage of genocide suspect and Bosnian war commander General Ratko Mladic in Serbia. ](/news/2009/06/11/a-bosnian-television-station-shows-what-it-says-is-recent-video-footage-of-genocide-suspect-and-bosnian-war-commander-general-ratko-mladia.md) _Context: Bosnian War, Ratko Mladic, genocide_
