### [2013-04-24](/news/2013/04/24/index.md)

# A shooting occurs in Manchester, Illinois, United States, leaving 5 dead and another injured. The suspect is then killed in a gunfight with police. 

The suspect police say shot and killed five people early Wednesday morning inside a Manchester, Ill., home reportedly died at an area hospital after he exchanged gunfire with arresting officers, police told FoxNews.com.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/04/24/5-reportedly-dead-1-in-custody-in-winchester-ill-shooting/)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/images.foxnews.com/content/fox-news/us/2013/04/24/5-reportedly-dead-1-in-custody-in-winchester-ill-shooting/_jcr_content/par/featured-media/media-0.img.jpg/0/0/1422538592978.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [Police are tipped off when a posting on 4chan reveals plans to commit a mass shooting at New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States. Two women are injured and a suspect is apprehended. ](/news/2013/04/12/police-are-tipped-off-when-a-posting-on-4chan-reveals-plans-to-commit-a-mass-shooting-at-new-river-community-college-in-christiansburg-virg.md) _Context: United States, police_
2. [ In Mexico, army soldiers and federales take over the city of Nuevo Laredo near the US border. The whole local police force is detained for investigation in connection to drug trafficking and for drug testing. City's just-appointed police chief Alejandro Dominguez was assassinated last Wednesday. On Saturday, a policeman shot a federal agent ](/news/2005/06/13/in-mexico-army-soldiers-and-federales-take-over-the-city-of-nuevo-laredo-near-the-us-border-the-whole-local-police-force-is-detained-for.md) _Context: United States, police_
3. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
4. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
5. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the ongoing efforts to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-graham-cassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-possib.md) _Context: United States_
6. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
9. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
