### [2012-08-24](/news/2012/08/24/index.md)

# The High Court of Australia quashes the conviction of former Bundaberg, Queensland surgeon Jayant Patel on manslaughter charges due to a miscarriage of justice with a fresh trial to be held. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/patel/story-e6frg6n6-1226457333848)

### Related:

1. [Prosecutors in the Australian state of Queensland drop manslaughter charges against American surgeon Jayant Patel, who pleads guilty to charges of fraud. ](/news/2013/11/15/prosecutors-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-drop-manslaughter-charges-against-american-surgeon-jayant-patel-who-pleads-guilty-to-char.md) _Context: Jayant Patel, manslaughter by gross negligence_
2. [Dr. Jayant Patel is convicted at the Supreme Court of Queensland, Australia of three charges of manslaughter committed while working at the Bundaberg Base Hospital. ](/news/2010/06/29/dr-jayant-patel-is-convicted-at-the-supreme-court-of-queensland-australia-of-three-charges-of-manslaughter-committed-while-working-at-the.md) _Context: Jayant Patel, manslaughter by gross negligence_
3. [Aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster: Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. ](/news/2017/06/28/aftermath-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-six-people-are-charged-with-various-offences-including-manslaughter-by-gross-negligence-following-th.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
4. [The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-rod-culleton-was-ineligible-for-election-as-a-candidate-for-pauline-hanson-s-one-nation-party-in-west.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
6. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray. Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
8. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
9. [A volunteer police officer is charged with manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, an unarmed man who was shot while lying on his back in Tulsa, Oklahoma. ](/news/2015/04/13/a-volunteer-police-officer-is-charged-with-manslaughter-in-the-shooting-death-of-eric-harris-an-unarmed-man-who-was-shot-while-lying-on-his.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
10. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
