### [2006-09-6](/news/2006/09/6/index.md)

#  In the United Kingdom junior defense minister Tom Watson and six Parliamentary Private Secretaries (Khalid Mahmood, Wayne David, Ian Lucas, Mark Tami, Chris Mole and David Wright) resign over Tony Blair's continuing refusal to declare when he will step down as Prime Minister. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/5319328.stm)
2. [This is London](http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/news/article-23365912-details/'We're%20risking%20election%20defeat'%20Blair%20warns%20as%20six%20MPs%20quit/article.do)
3. [Guardian](http://politics.guardian.co.uk/labourleadership/story/0,,1865980,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography ''A Journey'' goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. ](/news/2010/09/1/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-autobiography-a-journey-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-kingdom-and-becomes-a-bestseller.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
2. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
3. [ UK Prime Minister Tony Blair says people are "increasingly alarmed" by Iran's nuclear program but military action was not being planned against it. ](/news/2007/02/6/uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-says-people-are-increasingly-alarmed-by-iran-s-nuclear-program-but-military-action-was-not-being-planned-aga.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
4. [ UK Prime Minister Tony Blair makes his final speech at a Labour Party Conference. ](/news/2006/09/26/uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-makes-his-final-speech-at-a-labour-party-conference.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
5. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The  changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
6. [ Prime Minister Tony Blair declares that British troops should be out of Iraq within four years. ](/news/2006/05/22/prime-minister-tony-blair-declares-that-british-troops-should-be-out-of-iraq-within-four-years.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
7. [ The UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has apologised to Walter Wolfgang, an 82-year old Labour Party activist thrown out of the party's annual conference by stewards for heckling Jack Straw. He was controversially arrested under anti-terrorist legislation.  ](/news/2005/09/29/the-uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-has-apologised-to-walter-wolfgang-an-82-year-old-labour-party-activist-thrown-out-of-the-party-s-annual-c.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
8. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
9. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
10. [After much speculation British Prime Minister  Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-the-united-kingdom-will-be-leaving-the-european-single-market.md) _Context: Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
