### [2006-09-6](/news/2006/09/6/index.md)

#  The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/5321606.stm)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan jails a doctor who helped the US Central Intelligence Agency confirm that Osama bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. ](/news/2011/07/11/pakistan-jails-a-doctor-who-helped-the-us-central-intelligence-agency-confirm-that-osama-bin-laden-was-living-in-abbottabad.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
2. [Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/14/pakistan-s-directorate-for-inter-services-intelligence-has-arrested-central-intelligence-agency-informants-who-contributed-to-the-raid-on-os.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
3. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: CIA, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
4. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: Abu Zubaydah, CIA_
5. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
6. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, Osama bin Laden's son-in-law, is convicted in New York City of conspiring to kill Americans in his role as spokesman for al-Qaida. ](/news/2014/03/26/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-osama-bin-laden-s-son-in-law-is-convicted-in-new-york-city-of-conspiring-to-kill-americans-in-his-role-as-spokesman-fo.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
7. [Abu-Zaid al Kuwaiti, a senior al-Qaida official and a potential successor to the group's present leader, Dr. Ayman Al-Zawahiri, is killed in the morning in a Predator drone strike over Pakistan while eating breakfast (according to both U.S. officials and affiliated jihadists). ](/news/2012/12/7/abu-zaid-al-kuwaiti-a-senior-al-qaida-official-and-a-potential-successor-to-the-group-s-present-leader-dr-ayman-al-zawahiri-is-killed-in.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Pakistan_
8. [Pakistan orders foreign nationals working for the Save the Children NGO to leave the country within four weeks. The Pakistani government has accused the organization of being linked to the fake vaccination program used in the hunt for Osama bin Laden. The charity and the U.S. government deny any links. ](/news/2012/09/7/pakistan-orders-foreign-nationals-working-for-the-save-the-children-ngo-to-leave-the-country-within-four-weeks-the-pakistani-government-has.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
9. [U.S. military drone attacks carried out by the CIA on Pakistan raise serious legal questions, announces United Nations human rights chief Navi Pillay at the end of a fact-finding visit to Pakistan. ](/news/2012/06/7/u-s-military-drone-attacks-carried-out-by-the-cia-on-pakistan-raise-serious-legal-questions-announces-united-nations-human-rights-chief-na.md) _Context: CIA, Pakistan_
10. [Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physician who helped the CIA to track down Osama bin Laden by collecting DNA samples from residents of bin Laden's compound, is sentenced to 33 years' imprisonment for treason. ](/news/2012/05/23/shakil-afridi-a-pakistani-physician-who-helped-the-cia-to-track-down-osama-bin-laden-by-collecting-dna-samples-from-residents-of-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
