### [2005-06-2](/news/2005/06/2/index.md)

#  Two alleged Islamic Jihad members, involved in a twin suicide bombing attempt on Jerusalem were arrested by IDF forces. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/583367.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/583771.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Jerusalem, suicide bombing_
2. [ One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http://www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claimed-responsibility-calling-it-re.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, suicide bombing_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bombing claims nine lives, near Safed; there is a shooting attack in Jerusalem, claiming 2; there is an attack upon a settler family, killing the parents. Not all of the victims of these attacks were Israeli Jews; some were Israeli Arabs and Druze.](/news/2002/08/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bombing-claims-nine-lives-near-safed-there-is-a-shooting-attack-in-jerusalem-claimin.md) _Context: Jerusalem, suicide bombing_
4. [A 6th century mosaic dated from the rule of Justinian I is discovered while installing communication cables in Jerusalem's Old City. ](/news/2017/08/24/a-6th-century-mosaic-dated-from-the-rule-of-justinian-i-is-discovered-while-installing-communication-cables-in-jerusalem-s-old-city.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
5. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
6. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
7. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
8. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [Two Druze Israeli police officers are killed in an attack at Temple Mount in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/14/two-druze-israeli-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-attack-at-temple-mount-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
