### [2012-02-2](/news/2012/02/2/index.md)

# Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. 

The Duke of Cambridge arrives in the Falklands for a tour of duty as an RAF pilot amid tensions between the UK and Argentina over the islands.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16859361)

### Related:

1. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute. A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
2. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
3. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
4. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute:. Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. ](/news/2010/02/22/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-desire-petroleum-a-british-listed-firm-begins-drilling-for-oil-at-an-offshore-platform-within-the-t.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, Falkland Islands_
5. [Military intervention against ISIL. Operation Tidal Wave II. The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/military-intervention-against-isil-operation-tidal-wave-ii-the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Britain, Royal Air Force_
6. [Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, leaves the Royal Air Force to devote his energies to Royal and community work. ](/news/2013/09/12/prince-william-duke-of-cambridge-leaves-the-royal-air-force-to-devote-his-energies-to-royal-and-community-work.md) _Context: Duke of Cambridge, Royal Air Force_
7. [Britain's Royal Air Force (RAF) escorts an Egyptair Boeing 777 bound for New York to Glasgow Prestwick Airport in Scotland following an onboard incident. ](/news/2013/06/15/britain-s-royal-air-force-raf-escorts-an-egyptair-boeing-777-bound-for-new-york-to-glasgow-prestwick-airport-in-scotland-following-an-onbo.md) _Context: Britain, Royal Air Force_
8. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain_
9. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his-s.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands_
10. [Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, as part of his military duties, pilots a Royal Air Force (RAF) Sea King helicopter which was sent out in the early morning hours to an as of yet unsuccessful search for a Blackpool, England man swept out to sea there. ](/news/2013/01/1/prince-william-duke-of-cambridge-as-part-of-his-military-duties-pilots-a-royal-air-force-raf-sea-king-helicopter-which-was-sent-out-in.md) _Context: Duke of Cambridge, Royal Air Force_
