### [2010-01-11](/news/2010/01/11/index.md)

# ''Perry v. Schwarzenegger'', a challenge to California Proposition 8 and likely a landmark case regarding same-sex marriage rights in the United States, begins in San Francisco. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_GAY_MARRIAGE_TRIAL?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2010-01-11-15-26-20)

### Related:

1. [Vaughn R. Walker, the Chief Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, rules in ''Perry v. Schwarzenegger'' that California Proposition 8  banning same-sex marriage in California is unconstitutional. ](/news/2010/08/4/vaughn-r-walker-the-chief-judge-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-northern-district-of-california-rules-in-perry-v-schwarzen.md) _Context: Perry v. Schwarzenegger, reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
2. [New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signs New York State's Marriage Equality Law, legalizing same-sex marriage in New York, and making New York the largest U.S. state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/25/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-signs-new-york-state-s-marriage-equality-law-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-and-making-new-york-t.md) _Context: reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
3. [The New York Senate votes to legalise same-sex marriage in New York, assuring passage of the legislation and making New York the largest state to approve such legislation since California reversed its legalization in 2008. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-new-york-senate-votes-to-legalise-same-sex-marriage-in-new-york-assuring-passage-of-the-legislation-and-making-new-york-the-largest-sta.md) _Context: reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
4. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit refuses to allow same-sex marriages to resume in the US state of California while it considers the constitutionality of Proposition 8. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-refuses-to-allow-same-sex-marriages-to-resume-in-the-us-state-of-california-while-i.md) _Context: reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
5. [Supporters of California Proposition 8 banning same-sex marriage lodge an appeal against the decision of United States district court Vaughn R. Walker overturning it. ](/news/2010/08/5/supporters-of-california-proposition-8-banning-same-sex-marriage-lodge-an-appeal-against-the-decision-of-united-states-district-court-vaughn.md) _Context: reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
6. [Federal Judge Vaughn R. Walker, after deciding for the plaintiffs in Perry v. Schwarzenegger, mandates that same-sex marriage in the U.S. state of California should resume on August 18. ](/news/2010/08/12/federal-judge-vaughn-r-walker-after-deciding-for-the-plaintiffs-in-perry-v-schwarzenegger-mandates-that-same-sex-marriage-in-the-u-s-st.md) _Context: Perry v. Schwarzenegger, same-sex marriage_
7. [ The Supreme Court of California upholds Proposition 8, the state's ban on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2009/05/26/the-supreme-court-of-california-upholds-proposition-8-the-state-s-ban-on-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: reversed its legalization, same-sex marriage_
8. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
9. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
10. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
