### [2010-01-11](/news/2010/01/11/index.md)

# The United Nations seeks to virtually eliminate mother-to-child transmission of HIV/AIDS in Africa. Michel Sidib visited Sauri in western Kenya, which is a village of the Millennium Villages Project. 




### Source:

1. [UN News Centre](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=33448&Cr=HIV&Cr1=)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations reports the worst drought in six decades is affecting more than 10 million people and forced people in Somalia to flee to Kenya and Ethiopia as they starve to death. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-united-nations-reports-the-worst-drought-in-six-decades-is-affecting-more-than-10-million-people-and-forced-people-in-somalia-to-flee-to.md) _Context: Kenya, United Nations_
2. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Kenya, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations-mediated peace talks commence in Nairobi, Kenya, between the government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the National Congress for the Defence of the People. ](/news/2008/12/9/united-nations-mediated-peace-talks-commence-in-nairobi-kenya-between-the-government-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-and-the-nati.md) _Context: Kenya, United Nations_
4. [Voters in Kenya go to the polls to elect the President, as well as members of the National Assembly and Senate. ](/news/2017/08/8/voters-in-kenya-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-as-well-as-members-of-the-national-assembly-and-senate.md) _Context: Kenya_
5. [USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earlier-as.md) _Context: Kenya_
6. [The Kenyan electoral commission announces that President Uhuru Kenyatta has won re-election. Kenyatta leads ODM candidate Raila Odinga by more than 1.4 million votes. The opposition National Super Alliance rejects this finding as fraudulent. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-kenyan-electoral-commission-announces-that-president-uhuru-kenyatta-has-won-re-election-kenyatta-leads-odm-candidate-raila-odinga-by-mo.md) _Context: Kenya_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
