
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/02/22/jesica-santillan-who-was-made-critically-ill-after-receiving-donor-organs-of-the-wrong-blood-type-in-a-medical-accident-during-a-heart-lun.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/02/22/jesica-santillan-who-was-made-critically-ill-after-receiving-donor-organs-of-the-wrong-blood-type-in-a-medical-accident-during-a-heart-lun.json)  [XML](/news/2003/02/22/jesica-santillan-who-was-made-critically-ill-after-receiving-donor-organs-of-the-wrong-blood-type-in-a-medical-accident-during-a-heart-lun.xml)  

### [2003-02-22](/news/2003/02/22/index.md)

##### Jesica Santillan
#  Jesica Santillan, who was made critically ill after receiving donor organs of the wrong blood type in a medical accident during a heart-lung transplant, is taken off life support after being declared brain dead after a second heart-lung transplant operation.




### Related:

1. [In Queens Village, a part of the New York City borough of Queens, 25-year-old New York Police Department (NYPD) officer Brian Moore is shot in the head through the cheek while on patrol with his partner, Erik Jansen, who was uninjured, according to NYPD Police Commissioner William Bratton. The officer was placed in an induced coma at Jamaica Hospital Medical Center, but his condition eventually deteriorated, and he died on Monday, May 4, 2015, after being taken off of life support. Demetrius Blackwell, 35, is charged with first-degree murder in the case. ](/news/2015/05/2/in-queens-village-a-part-of-the-new-york-city-borough-of-queens-25-year-old-new-york-police-department-nypd-officer-brian-moore-is-shot.md) _Context: life support_
2. [Rehtaeh Parsons, a 17-year-old Canadian gang-rape victim from Halifax, Novia Scotia, is taken off of life support and dies three days after a suicide attempt. Parson's claimed to have been raped when she was 15, she had been bullied ever since the alleged incident; officials with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the justice system are deciding whether to file charges. ](/news/2013/04/7/rehtaeh-parsons-a-17-year-old-canadian-gang-rape-victim-from-halifax-novia-scotia-is-taken-off-of-life-support-and-dies-three-days-after.md) _Context: life support_
3. [ An Australian girl spontaneously switches blood types and adopts her donor's immune system following a liver transplant in the first known case of its type. ](/news/2008/01/24/an-australian-girl-spontaneously-switches-blood-types-and-adopts-her-donor-s-immune-system-following-a-liver-transplant-in-the-first-known.md) _Context: blood type_
4. [ Illness of Yasser Arafat: Officials of the Palestinian Authority travel to France to see Yasser Arafat. Suha Arafat, wife of Yasser Arafat, says, "They are trying to bury Abu Ammar (Arafat) alive". Israeli security officials believe Arafat is brain-dead or comatose, and is on life support equipment and will be disconnected on Tuesday, the Muslim holiday of Lailat-ul-Qadr so that he will be declared dead on that day. ](/news/2004/11/7/illness-of-yasser-arafat-officials-of-the-palestinian-authority-travel-to-france-to-see-yasser-arafat-suha-arafat-wife-of-yasser-arafat.md) _Context: life support_
5. [ Illness of Yasser Arafat: Israel refuses to allow Yasser Arafat to be buried in Jerusalem. The ailing leader of the Palestinian Authority is still in a coma, which might be reversible; an aide rejects reports that Arafat is "brain dead". Palestinians claim they will only trust a successor who is "determined and steadfast on the fundamental Palestinian rights", some say who is less willing to compromise. ](/news/2004/11/5/illness-of-yasser-arafat-israel-refuses-to-allow-yasser-arafat-to-be-buried-in-jerusalem-the-ailing-leader-of-the-palestinian-authority-i.md) _Context: brain dead_
