### [2012-01-7](/news/2012/01/7/index.md)

# Iran praises the United States Navy after American sailors rescued Iranian fishermen from armed pirates in the Arabian Sea. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/07/world/meast/iran-us-navy-rescue/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [The United States Navy says the USS Thunderbolt fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-u-s-ship.md) _Context: Iran, United States Navy_
2. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: Iran, United States Navy_
3. [Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-they-had-allegedly-entered-iranian.md) _Context: Iran, United States Navy_
4. [An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted-and-seized-in-the-arabian-sea-150-miles.md) _Context: Arabian Sea, Iran_
5. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS ''Fitzgerald'' and the MV ''ACX Crysta''l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-prior-day-s-collision-between-the-uss-fitzgerald.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [The USS ''Fitzgerald'', a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV ''ACX Crystal'' off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx-crystal-off-the-coast-of-japan-at-around-2.md) _Context: United States Navy_
