### [2012-04-16](/news/2012/04/16/index.md)

# UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges "maximum restraint" from the Syrian regime as the first UN military observers arrive in Damascus to monitor a fragile ceasefire. 

Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary general, has urged &#034;maximum restraint&#034; from the Syrian regime and co-operation from the opposition as the first UN military observers arrived in Damascus to monitor a fragile ceasefire.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/04/16/world/meast/syria-unrest/index.html?hpt=imi_c1)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2012/04/16/un-ban-syria-must-allow-observers-full-access/)
3. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/04/syria-slips-back-into-violence-as-un-monitors-go-to-work.html)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/9206469/Ban-Ki-moon-urges-restraint-in-Syria-as-UN-observers-arrive.html)

### Related:

1. [UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. ](/news/2012/08/29/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expresses-serious-concerns-on-the-human-rights-abuses-and-violations-in-iran-at-the-meeting-of-non-aligne.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
2. [Robert Cooper, special advisor to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), despite serious concerns over excessive and indiscriminate use of force expressed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon [http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=37817&Cr=bahrain&Cr1= (UN News Centre)], speaking to MEPs in the foreign affairs committee in Brussels [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official after visiting Bahrain (Saudi News Today)], defended Bahrain's protests crackdown: "It's not easy dealing with large demonstrations in which there may be violence. It's a difficult task for policemen. It's not something that we always get right in the best Western countries and [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/23/bahrain-protest-crackdown-eu-envoy accidents happen" (Guardian)]. Cooper's endorsement disturbed one MEP at the debate. "'Accidents happen?' ... I'm sorry this is a funny picture as you describe it," German Green deputy Franziska Brantner said. "What are you talking about? I find this very scary."](/news/2011/03/22/robert-cooper-special-advisor-to-baroness-catherine-ashton-high-representative-of-the-european-union-for-political-foreign-affairs-and-se.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
3. [The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the "primary forum" for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2011/01/25/the-united-states-describes-the-israeli-commission-of-inquiry-into-the-may-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-as-an-independent-report-credible-and-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
4. [An expert panel is appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to investigate whether war crimes were committed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2010/06/22/an-expert-panel-is-appointed-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-to-investigate-whether-war-crimes-were-committed-during-the-final-stages-of.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
5. [UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is 'encouraged' by recent developments in Guinean politics, and states the UN will continue working with the African Union (AU), the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and other partners. ](/news/2010/01/12/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-is-aencourageda-by-recent-developments-in-guinean-politics-and-states-the-un-will-continue-working-wit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
6. [ UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announces a commission to investigate the assassination of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2009/02/4/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-a-commission-to-investigate-the-assassination-of-former-pakistani-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
7. [ The United Nations Security Council gave the green light to a plan by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the deployment of an EU civilian police and justice mission in Kosovo.](/news/2008/11/26/the-united-nations-security-council-gave-the-green-light-to-a-plan-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-on-the-deployment-of-an-eu-civilian.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
8. [A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-the-capital-syrian.md) _Context: Damascus_
9. [Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus_
10. [In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr-prayer-in-hama.md) _Context: Politics of Syria_
