### [2017-06-6](/news/2017/06/6/index.md)

# A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer.  Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. 

 PARIS (AP) — The Latest on the security operation near the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris (all times local): 5:35 p.m. Witnesses around Notre Dame Cathe


### Source:

1. [AP](https://apnews.com/b6dc8bc3cd34432b9386ea0f844de69f/The-Latest:-Police-shot,-injured-attacker-near-Notre-Dame)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40178183)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-attacks-france-idUSKBN18X1V5)

### Related:

1. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: France, Syria_
2. [French authorities give up to 1000 migrants, mostly Syrians and Iraqis, until 8pm local time on 23 February to leave the Calais jungle camp. Those who refuse to leave will be forcibly removed by police. ](/news/2016/02/20/french-authorities-give-up-to-1000-migrants-mostly-syrians-and-iraqis-until-8pm-local-time-on-23-february-to-leave-the-calais-jungle-camp.md) _Context: France, Syria_
3. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, Syria_
4. [French intelligence services are reportedly operating under the theory that Paris-attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has escaped to Syria despite country-wide martial law in 3 different countries. ](/news/2015/11/30/french-intelligence-services-are-reportedly-operating-under-the-theory-that-paris-attacks-suspect-salah-abdeslam-has-escaped-to-syria-despit.md) _Context: France, Syria_
5. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: France, Syria_
6. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, Syria_
7. [Cyprus offers France the use of its airbase facilities to bomb the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Syria. Cypriot airbases are already being used by British and Canadian air forces for military operations. ](/news/2015/11/20/cyprus-offers-france-the-use-of-its-airbase-facilities-to-bomb-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-in-syria-cypriot-airbases-are-alrea.md) _Context: France, Syria_
8. [France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. ](/news/2015/11/15/france-launches-a-series-of-airstrikes-on-raqqa-the-islamic-state-s-de-facto-capital-in-syria-destroying-a-jihadi-training-camp-and-a-muni.md) _Context: France, Syria_
9. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, Syria_
10. [France says it has carried out its first air-strikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant within Syria, destroying a training camp in the east of the country. Previously, France had only carried out air-strikes in Iraq with consent of the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/09/27/france-says-it-has-carried-out-its-first-air-strikes-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-within-syria-destroying-a-training-ca.md) _Context: France, Syria_
