### [2017-06-6](/news/2017/06/6/index.md)

# American-led intervention in Syria. Battle of Raqqa (2017). The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-raqqa-idUSKBN18W29P)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Raqqa, Syrian Democratic Forces_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/syrian-civil-war-the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Raqqa, Syrian Democratic Forces_
3. [American-led intervention in Syria. A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts. Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United States military personnel_
4. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Raqqa_
6. [Syria-United States relations. Turkey-United States relations. Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
8. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Government's Tiger Forces reaches the front lines with the Syrian Democratic Forces south of Manbij after capturing territory from ISIL, east of al-Bab. ](/news/2017/02/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-government-s-tiger-forces-reaches-the-front-lines-with-the-syrian-democratic-forces-south-of-manbij-after-captu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Democratic Forces_
10. [Raqqa offensive. U.S.-backed SDF forces on two fronts meet up northeast of Raqqa, encircling a pocket of villages still held by ISIS. ](/news/2017/02/22/raqqa-offensive-u-s-backed-sdf-forces-on-two-fronts-meet-up-northeast-of-raqqa-encircling-a-pocket-of-villages-still-held-by-isis.md) _Context: Raqqa, Syrian Democratic Forces_
