### [2017-06-6](/news/2017/06/6/index.md)

# Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer  became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and  could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. 

Brasília (AFP) - Judges on Brazil&amp;#39;s electoral court were expected to start voting Wednesday in a case that could topple scandal-tainted President Michel Temer.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-ticket-idUSKBN18X29O)
2. [Yahoo!7 News](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/35780337/brazilian-president-faces-election-court-showdown/#page1)

### Related:

1. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Corruption in Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
2. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
3. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Michel Temer, President_
4. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
5. [Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-of-breaking-budget-laws-and-put-her-on-trial.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
6. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
7. [The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff  for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for-allegedly-breaching-budget-rules-the-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
8. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
9. [  President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. ](/news/2016/04/12/president-dilma-rousseff-speaking-with-teachers-and-students-says-vice-president-michel-temer-and-chamber-of-deputies-speaker-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
10. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
