### [2017-06-6](/news/2017/06/6/index.md)

# Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. 

Brasília (AFP) - Judges on Brazil&amp;#39;s electoral court were expected to start voting Wednesday in a case that could topple scandal-tainted President Michel Temer.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-ticket-idUSKBN18X29O)
2. [Yahoo!7 News](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/35780337/brazilian-president-faces-election-court-showdown/#page1)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Corruption in Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
2. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, President_
3. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recomme.md) _Context: 2014, Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
4. [Brazilian general election, 2014: Voters in Brazil go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election with incumbent President Dilma Rousseff re-elected. ](/news/2014/10/26/brazilian-general-election-2014-voters-in-brazil-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president.md) _Context: 2014, Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
5. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Brazil, Michel Temer, President_
6. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer is charged with corruption by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot. The case will now go to the Supreme Federal Court. ](/news/2017/06/27/corruption-in-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-is-charged-with-corruption-by-prosecutor-general-rodrigo-janot-the-case-will-now-go.md) _Context: Corruption in Brazil, Michel Temer, President_
7. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Michel Temer, President_
8. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. ](/news/2016/08/31/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-is-removed-from-office-by-a-vote-of-61-20-in-the-senate-current-acting.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Michel Temer, impeached_
9. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, impeached_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff: Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
