### [2003-09-26](/news/2003/09/26/index.md)

#  "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.




### Related:

1. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."](/news/2003/05/14/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-apparently-noticing-the-incongruity-of-their-selling-a-linux-distribution-while-suing-ibm-for-stealing-their-inte.md) _Context: ''SCO vs IBM'', International Business Machines, Linux, operating system_
2. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: ''SCO vs IBM'', Linux, SCO Group_
3. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Novell enters the lawsuit between the SCO Group and IBM with a press release concerning the SCO Group's ownership of UNIX. "To Novell's knowledge, the 1995 agreement governing SCO's purchase of UNIX from Novell does not convey to SCO the associated copyrights," a letter to the SCO Group's CEO Darl McBride said in part. "We believe it unlikely that SCO can demonstrate that it has any ownership interest whatsoever in those copyrights. Apparently you share this view, since over the last few months you have repeatedly asked Novell to transfer the copyrights to SCO, requests that Novell has rejected."](/news/2003/05/27/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-novell-enters-the-lawsuit-between-the-sco-group-and-ibm-with-a-press-release-concerning-the-sco-group-s-ownership.md) _Context: ''SCO vs IBM'', International Business Machines, SCO Group_
4. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
5. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: IBM furnishes more information on their SCO countersuit and states that they have Novell support.](/news/2003/08/8/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-ibm-furnishes-more-information-on-their-sco-countersuit-and-states-that-they-have-novell-support.md) _Context: ''SCO vs IBM'', SCO Group_
6. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" Reuters have reported that Red Hat intends to start legal action against SCO to establish that SCO's claims against the Linux operating system are invalid.](/news/2003/08/4/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-reuters-have-reported-that-red-hat-intends-to-start-legal-action-against-sco-to-establish-that-sco-s-claims-aga.md) _Context: ''SCO vs IBM'', SCO Group_
7. [ In the city of Munich (Germany), the SPD and Greens, who have a city hall majority, decide in separate meetings to migrate 14,000 city-owned Windows NT PC workstations to the SUSE Linux operating system. In spite of personal meetings with Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and substantial rebates offered on a Microsoft solution, Munich now becomes the largest German city to migrate all of its client PCs to Linux. As an office suite, OpenOffice.org will be used.](/news/2003/05/26/in-the-city-of-munich-germany-the-spd-and-greens-who-have-a-city-hall-majority-decide-in-separate-meetings-to-migrate-14-000-city-owne.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
8. [ The SCO Group, formerly Caldera, the current owner of the rights to the Unix operating system, sues IBM for $1 billion for "devaluing" Unix, claiming that IBM employees who signed Non-disclosure agreements worked on the Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/6/the-sco-group-formerly-caldera-the-current-owner-of-the-rights-to-the-unix-operating-system-sues-ibm-for-1-billion-for-devaluing-unix.md) _Context: International Business Machines, Linux_
9. [ Fujitsu releases the HOAP-2, a humanoid robot product running the open standard Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/28/fujitsu-releases-the-hoap-2-a-humanoid-robot-product-running-the-open-standard-linux-operating-system.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
10. [ IBM announces that its Blue Gene petaflop supercomputer architecture will use the Linux operating system.](/news/2002/10/25/ibm-announces-that-its-blue-gene-petaflop-supercomputer-architecture-will-use-the-linux-operating-system.md) _Context: International Business Machines, Linux_
