### [2017-03-22](/news/2017/03/22/index.md)

# An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. 

Incident comes after IDF completes large scale drill in the south simulating a war with Gaza.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Palestinian-killed-two-others-wounded-by-IDF-fire-near-Gaza-border-484851)

### Related:

1. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by  Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Operation Protective Edge:Israel Defense Forces special forces raid a missile launch site in the Gaza Strip and destroy it. ](/news/2014/07/13/operation-protective-edge-pisrael-defense-forces-special-forces-raid-a-missile-launch-site-in-the-gaza-strip-and-destroy-it.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [The Israel Defense Forces captures an Iranian ship carrying long-range artillery rockets to Palestinians in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2014/03/5/the-israel-defense-forces-captures-an-iranian-ship-carrying-long-range-artillery-rockets-to-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [At the 25th anniversary celebrations of Hamas in Gaza, Hamas leader in exile Khaled Mashal, who arrived in Gaza for the first time ever, declared in a speech he held at a mass rally that the Palestinian people will never compromise with Israel's existence and that the organization intends to gradually conquer the entire region which now includes both the State of Israel and the Palestinian territories, and would establish one Islamic state in that region. ](/news/2012/12/7/at-the-25th-anniversary-celebrations-of-hamas-in-gaza-hamas-leader-in-exile-khaled-mashal-who-arrived-in-gaza-for-the-first-time-ever-dec.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
