### [2017-03-22](/news/2017/03/22/index.md)

# Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. 

DRC’s Jean-Pierre Bemba already serving 18-year term for war crimes, with new 12-month sentence to run consecutively


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/22/jean-pierre-bemba-jailed-bribing-witnesses-congolese-war-crimes)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba, war crime_
2. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba, war crime_
3. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
4. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for war crimes against Sylvestre Mudacumura, the commander of the Congolese rebel group, the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. ](/news/2012/07/13/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-war-crimes-against-sylvestre-mudacumura-the-commander-of-the-congolese-rebel.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, war crime_
5. [The International Criminal Court (ICC) agrees to pursue the criminal trial of former Vice-President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba. ](/news/2010/10/19/the-international-criminal-court-icc-agrees-to-pursue-the-criminal-trial-of-former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
6. [ Thomas Lubanga, former leader of the Union of Congolese Patriots militia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, becomes the first person arrested on behalf of, and then referred to the International Criminal Court for war crimes. ](/news/2006/03/17/thomas-lubanga-former-leader-of-the-union-of-congolese-patriots-militia-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-becomes-the-first-person.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, war crime_
7. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR, International Criminal Court_
8. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
9. [Ahmad al-Faqi is transferred to the International Criminal Court to face trial for the war crime of directing the destruction of cultural sites in Timbuktu, Mali when the city was under the control of Islamist groups in 2012. ](/news/2015/09/26/ahmad-al-faqi-is-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-trial-for-the-war-crime-of-directing-the-destruction-of-cultural-si.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, war crime_
10. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
