### [2017-03-22](/news/2017/03/22/index.md)

# In regards to if the Obama administration, through the United States Department of Justice, through the Federal Bureau of Investigation wiretapped President Elect Donald Trump, U.S. Representative Devin Nunes states that "the intelligence community incidentally collected information" regarding communications between Donald Trump and his team as part of their surveillance of foreign agents. 

Members of the intelligence community incidentally collected communications from the Trump transition team during legal surveillance operations of foreign targets, a top Republican lawmaker said Wednesday afternoon.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39358363)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/22/politics/devin-nunes-trump-communications/)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/03/22/trump-team-communications-captured-by-intelligence-community-surveillance-nunes-says.html)
4. [Newsweek](http://www.newsweek.com/trump-tower-fbi-wiretap-russia-mafia-ring-572619)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-surveillance-idUSKBN16U2FE)
6. [The Washington Examiner](http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/nunes-announcement-marks-shift-in-trumps-wiretapping-saga/article/2618180)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice lowers the fine against Germany's Deutsche Bank to a settlement of US$5.4 billion after being handed a demand for up to $14 billion earlier this month over the sale of toxic mortgage bonds. ](/news/2016/09/30/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-lowers-the-fine-against-germany-s-deutsche-bank-to-a-settlement-of.md) _Context: Obama administration, United States Department of Justice_
2. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: Obama administration, United States Department of Justice_
3. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Justice Department seeks a fine of $14 billion against Deutsche Bank in regards to mortgage securities. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-justice-department-seeks-a-fine-of-14-billion-against-deutsche-bank-in-regards-to-mortgage-securi.md) _Context: Obama administration, United States Department of Justice_
4. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a  way to access  Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman,  says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/fbiaapple-encryption-dispute-pa-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstr.md) _Context: FBI, United States Department of Justice_
5. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, FBI_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-federal-bur.md) _Context: FBI, United States Department of Justice_
7. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a court order signed on April 25 by Judge Roger Vinson of the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC). The order permits the FBI, and thereby the Obama administration, to indiscriminately collect phone records of millions of Verizon Communications customers on an "ongoing, daily basis", with all domestic and international calls affected. The permit is similar to one issued to the Bush administration. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-court-order-signed-on-april-25-by-judge-roger-vinson-of-the-secret-foreign-intelligence-surveillance-court.md) _Context: FBI, Obama administration_
8. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favour of a non-binding resolution asking the Obama administration to seek Congressional authorization for the intervention in Libya. ](/news/2011/06/3/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favour-of-a-non-binding-resolution-asking-the-obama-administration-to-seek-congressional.md) _Context: Obama administration, United States House of Representatives_
9. [U.S. Rep. Don Young R-Alaska claims that he has been cleared in a United States Department of Justice corruption probe. ](/news/2010/08/4/u-s-rep-don-young-r-alaska-claims-that-he-has-been-cleared-in-a-united-states-department-of-justice-corruption-probe.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice, United States House of Representatives_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
