### [2017-03-22](/news/2017/03/22/index.md)

# The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. 

The Eurovision song contest, nominally an apolitical festival of pop music confections and cheerfully tacky costumes, erupted into a political dispute Wednesday after Ukraine banned Russia&rsquo;s contestant from entering the country.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/entertainment/music/ukraine-documents-ready-to-ban-russias-eurovision-entry/2017/03/22/030e7e96-0efb-11e7-aa57-2ca1b05c41b8_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
2. [Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in-the-crimean-peninsula-next-month-for-the-firs.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
3. [Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. ](/news/2017/02/15/twenty-one-organizers-for-the-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-resign-en-masse-after-claiming-they-were-completely-blocked-from-mak.md) _Context: Eurovision Song Contest, Eurovision Song Contest_
4. [Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in-2014-while-russia-puts-its-air-defense-and-naval-forces-in-the-region-on-hi.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia_
5. [Czech President Milos Zeman says in an interview that the Crimean peninsula can never be returned to Ukraine, notwithstanding the fact that it was ''de facto'' annexed by Russia. ](/news/2016/09/9/czech-president-milos-zeman-says-in-an-interview-that-the-crimean-peninsula-can-never-be-returned-to-ukraine-notwithstanding-the-fact-that.md) _Context: Russia, annexation by Russia_
6. [The European Union extends  the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-and-37-entities-including-close-associates-of-russian-presi.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
7. [Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two-killed-including.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia_
8. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: Russia, annexation by Russia_
9. [After facing mounting pressure since Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014, the Supreme Court of Crimea officially brands the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar People an extremist organization and bans it. ](/news/2016/04/26/after-facing-mounting-pressure-since-russia-s-annexation-of-crimea-in-2014-the-supreme-court-of-crimea-officially-brands-the-mejlis-of-the.md) _Context: Crimea, annexation by Russia_
10. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. ](/news/2016/04/21/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-signs-legislation-banning-all-russian-films-made-after-january-1-2014-the-legislation-also-bans-movie.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Ukraine relations_
