### [2012-07-16](/news/2012/07/16/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Federal Police arrested one of the three ringleaders responsible for the deadly shootout last month in the Mexico City International Airport's busy food court. An anonymous tip-off led police to his whereabouts. 




### Source:

1. [Global Post](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/americas/mexico/120716/mexico-city-airport-shootout-ringleader-bogard-felipe-l)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-drug-war-mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
2. [Mexican Drug War: At least 42 members of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel and two Federal Police officers are killed in a shootout in the state of Michoacn. The death toll is preliminary and is expected to rise. ](/news/2015/05/22/mexican-drug-war-at-least-42-members-of-the-jalisco-new-generation-cartel-and-two-federal-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-shootout-in-the-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
3. [Mexican Drug War:: Clashes between the Knights Templar Cartel and the Mexican federal police leave 22 dead in the state of Michoacn. According to government press reports, two of the dead were law enforcement officials, while the rest were cartel gunmen. ](/news/2013/07/24/mexican-drug-war-clashes-between-the-knights-templar-cartel-and-the-mexican-federal-police-leave-22-dead-in-the-state-of-michoacan-accord.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
4. [Mexican Drug War: Alleged drug traffickers shoot and kill 3 policemen who were on an anti-narcotics operative inside the Mexico City International Airport. The assassins were wearing law enforcement uniforms, although the Mexican authorities said that the cartel members sometimes wear false uniforms. No suspects have been arrested. ](/news/2012/06/25/mexican-drug-war-alleged-drug-traffickers-shoot-and-kill-3-policemen-who-were-on-an-anti-narcotics-operative-inside-the-mexico-city-interna.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico City International Airport_
5. [Mexican Drug War: Mexico's federal police capture a man who was allegedly the top hitman for the Knights Templar drug cartel. ](/news/2011/07/13/mexican-drug-war-mexico-s-federal-police-capture-a-man-who-was-allegedly-the-top-hitman-for-the-knights-templar-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexican Police_
6. [Mexican Drug War: A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. ](/news/2017/07/5/mexican-drug-war-a-gunfight-between-la-linea-gang-members-and-a-rival-cartel-in-madera-municipality-chihuahua-leaves-at-least-14-people-d.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [At least four people are killed in a shootout between Mexican Police and unknown gunmen after the latter opened fire on the Quintana Roo state attorneys' office in Cancun. ](/news/2017/01/18/at-least-four-people-are-killed-in-a-shootout-between-mexican-police-and-unknown-gunmen-after-the-latter-opened-fire-on-the-quintana-roo-sta.md) _Context: Mexican Police_
9. [Mexican Drug War: A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
