### [2012-07-16](/news/2012/07/16/index.md)

# Thailand's security forces kill seven alleged drug smugglers from Myanmar in a gunbattle. 

BANGKOK: Thai security forces killed seven suspected drug smugglers from Myanmar early Monday in a gunbattle that was Thailand’s deadliest drug-related incident in three years, police said. Myanmar, meanwhile, reported a major seizure of methamphetamine near its border with China. UN and US drug experts say Myanmar, especially Shan state in the country’s east, is a major producer of amphetamine-type stimulants. Thailand and China are large markets for the drug.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Arab News](http://www.arabnews.com/thai-authorities-kill-7-drug-suspects-near-border)

### Related:

1. [August 2016 Myanmar earthquake: A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/august-2016-myanmar-earthquake-a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thaila.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
2. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
3. [Nine servicemen from the Thai army are arrested on suspicion of killing 13 Chinese sailors on October 5 in a section of the Mekong River bordering Thailand, Laos and Myanmar. ](/news/2011/10/28/nine-servicemen-from-the-thai-army-are-arrested-on-suspicion-of-killing-13-chinese-sailors-on-october-5-in-a-section-of-the-mekong-river-bor.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
4. [The bodies of 12 Chinese sailors have been found and one remains missing in Mekong river, where Thailand, Laos and Myanmar meet, after the incident last week in which two Chinese cargo vessels were hijacked by suspected drug smugglers in the Golden Triangle, and later captured by Thai river police.](/news/2011/10/11/the-bodies-of-12-chinese-sailors-have-been-found-and-one-remains-missing-in-mekong-river-where-thailand-laos-and-myanmar-meet-after-the-i.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
5. [A Thai military helicopter crashes near the Myanmar border, the third in a week, with three people feared dead in the latest crash. ](/news/2011/07/24/a-thai-military-helicopter-crashes-near-the-myanmar-border-the-third-in-a-week-with-three-people-feared-dead-in-the-latest-crash.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
6. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Myanmar officials report eight policemen and one immigration officer, and 16 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-myanmar-officials-report-eight-policemen-and-one-immigrati.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
8. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
9. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [At least 20 people are killed when a boat carrying wedding guests collides with a river barge in western Myanmar. ](/news/2017/04/8/at-least-20-people-are-killed-when-a-boat-carrying-wedding-guests-collides-with-a-river-barge-in-western-myanmar.md) _Context: Myanmar_
