### [2007-05-27](/news/2007/05/27/index.md)

#  2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. 

A Hamas rocket attack from Gaza killed a man in Israel on Sunday and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert pledged unlimited military action against the militant group, saying &quot;no one involved in terror&quot; would be immune.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL2719466620070527)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3404813,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Militants in the Gaza Strip fire eight rockets at the southern Israeli cities of Sderot and Kibbutz Nir Am. The IAF makes an air strike on the Gaza Strip, in which they destroy two buildings.  ](/news/2007/05/23/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-eight-rockets-at-the-southern-israeli-cities-of-sderot-and-kibbutz-nir-am-the.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Air Force, Sderot_
2. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets, Sderot_
3. [The Israeli Air Force bombs the Gaza Strip after Hamas militants launch a missile attack on Israel. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-the-gaza-strip-after-hamas-militants-launch-a-missile-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
4. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
5. [The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on the Gaza Strip following a BM-21 Grad missile strike by the Aza Din al-Kassem Gazan militant group on the Israeli town of Ashkelon. A Hamas rocket maker is killed and 13 other people are injured. ](/news/2010/07/30/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-following-a-bm-21-grad-missile-strike-by-the-aza-din-al-kassem-gazan-mi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
6. [ Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. ](/news/2007/09/27/israeli-forces-pull-back-from-the-northern-gaza-strip-after-a-two-day-raid-that-was-prompted-by-the-firing-of-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-she.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets_
7. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: A total of seven rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip and landed in western Negev. Another rocket landed in Sderot and killed an Israeli woman. In response, the IAF also fired missiles in an air strike at a munitions base, and secondary explosions were reported after the strike. The air strike wounded seven people in the attack on Jabaliya, Gaza City, according to local residents and hospital officials.](/news/2007/05/22/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-a-total-of-seven-rockets-were-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-and-landed-in-western-negev-another-rocket-landed-in-sd.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Gaza Strip, Israeli Air Force, Sderot_
8. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: An Israeli aircraft bombs a building of the Hamas-run Executive Force in Gaza, killing at least one person and injuring about 45 others. ](/news/2007/05/17/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-an-israeli-aircraft-bombs-a-building-of-the-hamas-run-executive-force-in-gaza-killing-at-least-one-person-and-i.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
10. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
