### [2007-05-27](/news/2007/05/27/index.md)

#  Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. 

A Hamas rocket attack from Gaza killed a man in Israel on Sunday and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert pledged unlimited military action against the militant group, saying &quot;no one involved in terror&quot; would be immune.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL2719466620070527)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3404813,00.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://s2.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20070527&t=2&i=863644&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=863644)

### Related:

1. [ Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. ](/news/2006/06/26/israel-has-stated-that-they-will-ensure-that-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government-is-toppled-if-their-captured-soldier-gilad-shal.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets, Sderot_
2. [The Israeli Air Force bombs the Gaza Strip after Hamas militants launch a missile attack on Israel. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-the-gaza-strip-after-hamas-militants-launch-a-missile-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
3. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on the Gaza Strip following a BM-21 Grad missile strike by the Aza Din al-Kassem Gazan militant group on the Israeli town of Ashkelon. A Hamas rocket maker is killed and 13 other people are injured. ](/news/2010/07/30/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-following-a-bm-21-grad-missile-strike-by-the-aza-din-al-kassem-gazan-mi.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Israeli Air Force_
5. [ Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. ](/news/2007/09/27/israeli-forces-pull-back-from-the-northern-gaza-strip-after-a-two-day-raid-that-was-prompted-by-the-firing-of-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-she.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets_
6. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Militants in the Gaza Strip fire eight rockets at the southern Israeli cities of Sderot and Kibbutz Nir Am. The IAF makes an air strike on the Gaza Strip, in which they destroy two buildings. ](/news/2007/05/23/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-eight-rockets-at-the-southern-israeli-cities-of-sderot-and-kibbutz-nir-am-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli Air Force, Sderot_
7. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
8. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
