### [2015-01-20](/news/2015/01/20/index.md)

# According to preliminary tests at the Glendive, Montana city water treatment plant, the January 17 oil spill in the Yellowstone River contains benzene, a chemical that causes cancer. 

The latest spill may have polluted drinking water in Montana but is not expected to affect Yellowstone National Park.


### Source:

1. [LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-yellowstone-river-oil-spill-20150120-story.html)
2. [National Geographic](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/energy/2015/01/150120-oil-spills-into-yellowstone-river/)

### Related:

1. [City officials of Glendive, Montana declare that the tap water is safe to consume following the January 17 oil spill in the Yellowstone River. ](/news/2015/01/23/city-officials-of-glendive-montana-declare-that-the-tap-water-is-safe-to-consume-following-the-january-17-oil-spill-in-the-yellowstone-rive.md) _Context: Glendive, Montana, oil spill_
2. [The Bridger Pipeline Company spills up to 50,000 gallons of oil into the Yellowstone River, near Glendive, Montana. ](/news/2015/01/17/the-bridger-pipeline-company-spills-up-to-50-000-gallons-of-oil-into-the-yellowstone-river-near-glendive-montana.md) _Context: Glendive, Montana, oil spill_
3. [A small study shows that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in greater amounts in the urine of e-cigarette users than in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-small-study-shows-that-two-known-carcinogens-o-toluidine-and-2-naphthylamine-were-found-in-greater-amounts-in-the-urine-of-e-cigarette-u.md) _Context: carcinogen_
4. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces a new anti-drug plan involving the substitution of legal crops for coca plantations. In July, the National Narcotics Council suspended the United States-backed aerial spraying of the crop after the World Health Organization reclassified glyphosate, the herbicide used,  as a probable carcinogen. ](/news/2015/09/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-a-new-anti-drug-plan-involving-the-substitution-of-legal-crops-for-coca-plantations-in-jul.md) _Context: carcinogen_
5. [The ''New England Journal of Medicine'' publishes research from Portland State University that implies the presence of formaldehyde, a cancer-causing chemical, may occur in limited situations of e-cigarette vapor. ](/news/2015/01/21/the-new-england-journal-of-medicine-publishes-research-from-portland-state-university-that-implies-the-presence-of-formaldehyde-a-cance.md) _Context: carcinogen_
6. [ The USS ''Arleigh Burke'' enters Somali waters in pursuit of a Japanese ship carrying benzene that was hijacked by pirates. ](/news/2007/10/29/the-uss-arleigh-burke-enters-somali-waters-in-pursuit-of-a-japanese-ship-carrying-benzene-that-was-hijacked-by-pirates.md) _Context: benzene_
7. [ Running water is restored to the city of Harbin, in Heilongjiang, China after several days of a water cut-off due to the toxic benzene spill. Yilan County, Heilongjiang, however, is still without running water. ](/news/2005/11/28/running-water-is-restored-to-the-city-of-harbin-in-heilongjiang-china-after-several-days-of-a-water-cut-off-due-to-the-toxic-benzene-spil.md) _Context: benzene_
8. [ The city of Khabarovsk in Far Eastern Russia declares a state of emergency as the 80 km benzene slick released by an explosion in a Chinese chemical plant on 13 November, which has already caused water supplies for 4 million inhabitants of the Chinese city of Harbin to be suspended, approaches the Amur river which is the main water source for 1.5 million people in Russia. ](/news/2005/11/24/the-city-of-khabarovsk-in-far-eastern-russia-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-the-80-km-benzene-slick-released-by-an-explosion-in-a-chinese.md) _Context: benzene_
9. [ An explosion at a chemical factory on the Songhua River in northeastern China releases high levels of benzene into the river water.  Authorities shut off the water supply for the downstream city of Harbin. ](/news/2005/11/23/an-explosion-at-a-chemical-factory-on-the-songhua-river-in-northeastern-china-releases-high-levels-of-benzene-into-the-river-water-author.md) _Context: benzene_
10. [ 2005 Jilin chemical plant explosions: Explosion in a factory of the state-owned Jilin Petrochemical Company in Jilin City, China. The industrial accident results in 100 tons of toxic benzene and nitrobenzene contaminating a river and posing a major health problem downstream, which is covered-up by the Chinese government. ](/news/2005/11/13/2005-jilin-chemical-plant-explosions-explosion-in-a-factory-of-the-state-owned-jilin-petrochemical-company-in-jilin-city-china-the-indus.md) _Context: benzene_
