### [2015-01-20](/news/2015/01/20/index.md)

# The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant threatens to kill two Japanese citizens unless it receives a ransom of $200 million. 

The militant group Islamic State released an online video on Tuesday purporting to show two Japanese captives and threatening to kill them unless it received $200 million in ransom.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/20/us-mideast-crisis-islamicstate-japan-idUSKBN0KT0GI20150120)

### Related:

1. [A monitoring group claims that ISIL has reportedly released a video showing the execution of Japanese hostage Kenji Goto. ](/news/2015/01/31/a-monitoring-group-claims-that-isil-has-reportedly-released-a-video-showing-the-execution-of-japanese-hostage-kenji-goto.md) _Context: Islamic State, Japanese_
2. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State_
3. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State_
4. [According to a current and a former unnamed U.S. government official, President Donald Trump revealed classified information that jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State during  his Oval Office meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador on May 10. ](/news/2017/05/15/according-to-a-current-and-a-former-unnamed-u-s-government-official-president-donald-trump-revealed-classified-information-that-jeopardize.md) _Context: Islamic State_
5. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State_
6. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State_
7. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State_
8. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Islamic State_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State_
10. [The Afghan Ministry of Defense reports as many as 36 suspected ISIL militants were killed while no civilians were harmed in yesterday's bombing in Nangarhar Province using the so-called "mother of all bombs" (GBU-43). The ministry spokesman added these deaths have not been independently verified. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-afghan-ministry-of-defense-reports-as-many-as-36-suspected-isil-militants-were-killed-while-no-civilians-were-harmed-in-yesterday-s-bomb.md) _Context: Islamic State_
