### [2015-02-6](/news/2015/02/6/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott faces a possible leadership vote when the Parliament of Australia resumes sitting after backbencher Luke Simpkins announces that he will move a motion calling for a leadership spill. 

Embattled Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he will fight a challenge to his leadership at a party-room meeting next week after disgruntled government lawmakers on Friday sought to oust him following weeks of divisive speculation.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/06/us-australia-politics-leadership-idUSKBN0LA07Z20150206)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20150206&t=2&i=1022839900&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEB15038)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott, advises the Parliament that two objects possibly related to the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been located in the southern Indian Ocean. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-advises-the-parliament-that-two-objects-possibly-related-to-the-search-for-malaysia-airlines-f.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Parliament, Tony Abbott_
2. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party-l.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Parliament_
3. [ Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissolv.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Parliament_
4. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
5. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
6. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak confirms that the plane debris recovered from Reunion Island on July 29 is from Flight 370. This is the first direct evidence that the missing March 2014 flight crashed. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says that the search for MH370 will continue. ](/news/2015/08/5/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-confirms-that-the-plane-debris-recovered-from-reunion-island-on-july-29-is-from-flight-370-this-is-the.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
8. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott and the Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe sign a free trade agreement in the Australian capital Canberra. ](/news/2014/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-and-the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-sign-a-free-trade-agreement-in-the-australian-capital.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
9. [Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott restores Knights and Dames to the Australian Honours System through the Order of Australia. ](/news/2014/03/25/australian-prime-minister-tony-abbott-restores-knights-and-dames-to-the-australian-honours-system-through-the-order-of-australia.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
10. [Australia declares its war in Afghanistan over while the Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, visits Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/10/28/australia-declares-its-war-in-afghanistan-over-while-the-prime-minister-tony-abbott-visits-afghanistan.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott_
