### [2015-02-6](/news/2015/02/6/index.md)

# Xanana Gusmo resigns as the Prime Minister of East Timor ahead of an expected government restructure next week. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d708cb71fdad47b8aef1a2afc80d8a30/east-timor-prime-minister-xanana-gusmao-submits-resignation)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 East Timor assassination attempts:  President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/02/11/2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http://news.theage.com.au/ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt/20080211-1rgx.html (''Melbourne Age'')] Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/2008-east-timor-assassination-attempts-p-president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-lead.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor, Xanana Gusmo_
2. [Mario Viegas Carrascalao resigns as the Deputy Prime Minister of East Timor leaving the Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao without a majority in the Parliament.  ](/news/2010/09/10/ma-rio-viegas-carrascalapso-resigns-as-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-east-timor-leaving-the-prime-minister-xanana-gusmapso-without-a-majority-i.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
3. [  A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatmen.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
4. [ Youths in East Timor attack Australian Army forces and United Nations personnel following the announcement that Xanana Gusmo would be the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/08/7/youths-in-east-timor-attack-australian-army-forces-and-united-nations-personnel-following-the-announcement-that-xanana-gusmao-would-be-the.md) _Context: Xanana Gusmo_
5. [ East Timorese presidential election, 2007: it is announced that Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta won the election against Francisco Guterres of Fretilin by 69% to 31%. ](/news/2007/05/11/east-timorese-presidential-election-2007-it-is-announced-that-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-won-the-election-against-francisco-guterres.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
6. [ East Timorese voters go to the polls to elect a new President of East Timor to replace Xanana Gusmo.](/news/2007/04/9/east-timorese-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-of-east-timor-to-replace-xanana-gusmao.md) _Context: Xanana Gusmo_
7. [ An appeals court decides that the two candidates in the runoff election to decide the next President of East Timor will be current Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta and Francisco Guterres of Fretilin. Two of the unsuccessful candidates have announced that they will support Dr Ramos-Horta. ](/news/2007/04/21/an-appeals-court-decides-that-the-two-candidates-in-the-runoff-election-to-decide-the-next-president-of-east-timor-will-be-current-prime-mi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
8. [ Several candidates in the first round of the East Timor presidential elections, including the Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta, have called for a recount amid allegations of voting irregularities. ](/news/2007/04/12/several-candidates-in-the-first-round-of-the-east-timor-presidential-elections-including-the-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-have-called.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
9. [ There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. ](/news/2007/04/11/there-will-be-a-runoff-election-to-select-the-next-president-of-east-timor-after-no-candidate-achieves-a-majority-of-votes-in-the-first-rou.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
10. [ Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta announces he is running for president. ](/news/2007/02/25/prime-minister-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-announces-he-is-running-for-president.md) _Context: Prime Minister of East Timor_
