### [2016-04-29](/news/2016/04/29/index.md)

# A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of the Vanuatu island of Malakula, prompting the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) to issue a tsunami warning for the coasts of New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, which was later cancelled. 

A tsunami warning issued after a shallow magnitude-7.0 earthquake struck the Vanuatu island of Malekula is cancelled.


### Source:

1. [9 News Australia](http://www.9news.com.au/world/2016/04/29/05/46/powerful-earthquake-hits-vanuatu)
2. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-04-29/vanuatu-7-quake-tsunami-alert-cancelled/7369254)

### Related:

1. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and  the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands_
2. [Dozens of people in Vanuatu are in shelters as Cyclone Cook hits the island. It is due to pass through New Caledonia tomorrow. ](/news/2017/04/9/dozens-of-people-in-vanuatu-are-in-shelters-as-cyclone-cook-hits-the-island-it-is-due-to-pass-through-new-caledonia-tomorrow.md) _Context: New Caledonia, Vanuatu_
3. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island.  No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands_
4. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, earthquake_
5. [Another earthquake measuring at 6.7 strikes off the northwest of Vanuatu, the third earthquake in the same region this week. However, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says the earthquake poses no tsunami threat. ](/news/2016/04/7/another-earthquake-measuring-at-6-7-strikes-off-the-northwest-of-vanuatu-the-third-earthquake-in-the-same-region-this-week-however-the-pa.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, Vanuatu_
6. [A 6.9 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of Vanuatu with a tsunami warning issued. ](/news/2016/04/3/a-6-9-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-vanuatu-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued.md) _Context: Vanuatu, earthquake_
7. [A magnitude 7.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Ecuador, near the town of Muisne. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issues a tsunami alert for coastal areas of Ecuador and Colombia. At least 42 people are reported dead with deaths reported in the cities of Manta, Guayaquil and Portoviejo. ](/news/2016/04/16/a-magnitude-7-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-issues-a-tsunami-al.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, earthquake_
8. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, earthquake_
9. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Papua New Guinea prompts a tsunami warning for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2015/03/30/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-papua-new-guinea-prompts-a-tsunami-warning-for-papua-new-guinea-and-the-solomon-islands.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands_
10. [2013 Solomon Islands earthquake: The death toll from a magnitude 8.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami in the Solomon Islands rises to nine, while government officials express fear regarding remote areas where emergency personnel are arriving. ](/news/2013/02/7/2013-solomon-islands-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-and-subsequent-tsunami-in-the-solomon-islands-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: Solomon Islands, earthquake_
