### [2016-04-29](/news/2016/04/29/index.md)

# Fine Gael and Fianna Fail agree to the formation of a Fine Gael-led government. 

Fine Gael and Fianna Fail have signed off on a deal to pave the way for a Fine Gael-led government


### Source:

1. [Newstalk](http://www.newstalk.com/Fine-Gael-and-Fianna-Fail-have-signed-off-on-a-deal-to-pave-the-way-for-a-Fine-Gaelled-government)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: Fianna Fáil, Fine Gael, Irish general election, 2016_
2. [Voters in Ireland go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls indicate that the ruling coalition of Fine Gael party led by Enda Kenny and the Labour Party will fall short of re-election with 34% of the vote between them. ](/news/2016/02/26/voters-in-ireland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-indicate-that-the-ruling-coalition-of-fine-gael-party-led-by-enda-kenny.md) _Context: Fine Gael, Irish general election, 2016_
3. [Irish general election, 2011:The votes are counted, with exit polls predicting Fine Gael and the Labour Party to do well while the ruling Fianna Fail is expected to do poorly. ](/news/2011/02/26/irish-general-election-2011-pthe-votes-are-counted-with-exit-polls-predicting-fine-gael-and-the-labour-party-to-do-well-while-the-ruling-f.md) _Context: Fianna Fáil, Fine Gael_
4. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Fianna Fáil, Fine Gael_
5. [Voters in Ireland will go to the polls on February 26 after the President dissolves the current Dail or parliament. ](/news/2016/02/3/voters-in-ireland-will-go-to-the-polls-on-february-26-after-the-president-dissolves-the-current-dail-or-parliament.md) _Context: Irish general election, 2016_
6. [Counting begins of the votes cast yesterday with exit polls indicating that the existing coalition will not gain enough votes to govern without reaching a deal with other parties. ](/news/2016/02/27/counting-begins-of-the-votes-cast-yesterday-with-exit-polls-indicating-that-the-existing-coalition-will-not-gain-enough-votes-to-govern-with.md) _Context: Irish general election, 2016_
7. [Ireland's Fine Gael food and farming minister Shane McEntee kills himself 2 days after his 56th birthday, triggering a by-election in Meath East. ](/news/2012/12/21/ireland-s-fine-gael-food-and-farming-minister-shane-mcentee-kills-himself-2-days-after-his-56th-birthday-triggering-a-by-election-in-meath.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
8. [In the Republic of Ireland government figures indicate less than half of the country's households have paid the household charge by today's deadline as thousands of people march on the governing Fine Gael party's annual conference at the Convention Centre Dublin. ](/news/2012/03/31/in-the-republic-of-ireland-government-figures-indicate-less-than-half-of-the-country-s-households-have-paid-the-household-charge-by-today-s.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
9. [Students protesting against the Irish financial crisis occupy the office of Fine Gael lawmaker Anthony Lawlor ahead of the forthcoming Budget Day. ](/news/2011/12/3/students-protesting-against-the-irish-financial-crisis-occupy-the-office-of-fine-gael-lawmaker-anthony-lawlor-ahead-of-the-forthcoming-budge.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
10. [Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/6/irish-government-lawmaker-denis-naughten-votes-against-his-own-government-over-cuts-to-a-hospital-amid-protests-by-hundreds-of-people-outsi.md) _Context: Fine Gael_
