### [2016-04-29](/news/2016/04/29/index.md)

# Protests in France turn violent as protesters clash with police, injuring over 20 police officers and resulting in over 120 arrests nationwide. The protests are against a labour law being proposed in the National Assembly, saying it will reduce rights and deepen job insecurity for youth. 

Two dozen police injured and more than 120 arrests during night of demonstrations nationwide against watering-down of worker rights


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/29/france-labour-law-protests-turn-violent)

### Related:

1. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for the second round of a legislative election, with 573 of 577 seats in the National Assembly yet to be decided after the first round. ](/news/2017/06/18/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-legislative-election-with-573-of-577-seat.md) _Context: France, National Assembly_
2. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: France, National Assembly_
3. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, National Assembly_
4. [French police arrest twelve alleged al-Qaeda terrorists in Marseilles and Bordeaux including three suspects allegedly found with bomb making kits. ](/news/2010/10/5/french-police-arrest-twelve-alleged-al-qaeda-terrorists-in-marseilles-and-bordeaux-including-three-suspects-allegedly-found-with-bomb-making.md) _Context: France, police_
5. [ France's National Police arrest ETA military leader Jurdan Martitegi in Montauriol. ](/news/2009/04/18/france-s-national-police-arrest-eta-military-leader-jurdan-martitegi-in-montauriol.md) _Context: France, police_
6. [Crime in France. A 13-year-old girl is killed when a car is deliberately driven into a pizza restaurant's sidewalk cafe in Sept-Sorts, France. At least 12 other people are injured, four critically. The driver is arrested. Police do not believe the incident was terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/08/14/crime-in-france-a-13-year-old-girl-is-killed-when-a-car-is-deliberately-driven-into-a-pizza-restaurant-s-sidewalk-cafe-in-sept-sorts-franc.md) _Context: France_
7. [Alternative fuel vehicles. French ecology minister Nicolas Hulot announces France is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel vehicles by 2040. ](/news/2017/07/6/alternative-fuel-vehicles-french-ecology-minister-nicolas-hulot-announces-france-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-vehicles-by-2040.md) _Context: France_
8. [Health in France. France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/health-in-france-france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: France_
9. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique. France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: France_
10. [Alternative fuel vehicles. Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: France_
