### [2016-04-29](/news/2016/04/29/index.md)

# Republican front runner Donald Trump says he now has 1001 confirmed delegates for the Cleveland convention in June. 

A new analysis by the Cook Political Report says the odds of a contested Republican convention have &quot;dramatically declined&quot; after Donald Trump&#39;s big victories this week in five key Northeast primaries.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/04/29/cook-political-report-contested-gop-convention-increasingly-unlikely/83711950/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
2. [Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-after-giving-a-speech-and-refusing-to-en.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
3. [Donald Trump is nominated as the Republican Party candidate for this year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/19/donald-trump-is-nominated-as-the-republican-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
4. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
5. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention, citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
6. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump defends U.S. sovereignty and threatens to "totally destroy" North Korea if it attacks the U.S. or its allies. ](/news/2017/09/19/u-s-president-donald-trump-defends-u-s-sovereignty-and-threatens-to-totally-destroy-north-korea-if-it-attacks-the-u-s-or-its-allies.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
