### [2016-04-29](/news/2016/04/29/index.md)

# Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016:. Republican front runner Donald Trump says he now has 1001 confirmed delegates for the Cleveland convention in June. 

A new analysis by the Cook Political Report says the odds of a contested Republican convention have &quot;dramatically declined&quot; after Donald Trump&#39;s big victories this week in five key Northeast primaries.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/04/29/cook-political-report-contested-gop-convention-increasingly-unlikely/83711950/)

### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential primaries_
2. [2016 Republican National Convention. Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/2016-republican-national-convention-donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
3. [2016 Republican National Convention. Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/2016-republican-national-convention-senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-aft.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
4. [2016 Republican National Convention. Donald Trump is nominated as the Republican Party candidate for this year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/19/2016-republican-national-convention-donald-trump-is-nominated-as-the-republican-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. 2016 Republican National Convention. Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party-s 2016 presidential convention, citing Donald Trump-s controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-2016-republican-national-convention-apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016. United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016. Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential primaries_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: Donald Trump, presidential primaries_
9. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [2017 North Korea crisis. U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-north-korea-crisis-u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-uni.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
