### [2016-04-29](/news/2016/04/29/index.md)

#   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. 

The man died from internal bleeding resulting from a rare immune reaction to his Zika infection.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/30/health/zika-virus-first-death-in-us-puerto-rico.html)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2016/04/29/first-zika-virus-related-death-reported-in-u-s-in-puerto-rico/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth-defects-like-microcephaly.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015–present)_
2. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015–present)_
3. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating 14 cases where the Zika virus may have been sexually transmitted. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-investigating-14-cases-where-the-zika-virus-may-have-been-sexually-transmitt.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015–present)_
4. [The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-has-infected-nearly-11-000-peop.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Zika virus_
5. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Zika virus_
6. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
7. [Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake.  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic-of-cholera-in-recent-history-f.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
8. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united-states-are-infected-with-the-zika-vir.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
9. [Some Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates baseball players, who are scheduled to play a two-game series the end of May in San Juan, Puerto Rico, to honor Pirates Hall of Famer Roberto Clemente, are concerned about being exposed to the Zika virus. About 400 cases have been confirmed in the Commonwealth. ](/news/2016/04/21/some-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-baseball-players-who-are-scheduled-to-play-a-two-game-series-the-end-of-may-in-san-juan-puerto-r.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Zika virus_
10. [The first Zika virus case is confirmed in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-first-zika-virus-case-is-confirmed-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-hampshire.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015–present)_
