
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/03/8/a-pew-research-center-survey-of-jewish-and-non-jewish-israelis-via-face-to-face-interviews-from-october-2014-through-may-2015-finds-deep-d.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/03/8/a-pew-research-center-survey-of-jewish-and-non-jewish-israelis-via-face-to-face-interviews-from-october-2014-through-may-2015-finds-deep-d.json)  [XML](/news/2016/03/8/a-pew-research-center-survey-of-jewish-and-non-jewish-israelis-via-face-to-face-interviews-from-october-2014-through-may-2015-finds-deep-d.xml)  

### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

##### Israel-Palestine relations
# A Pew Research Center survey of Jewish and non-Jewish Israelis, via face-to-face interviews from October 2014 through May 2015, finds deep divisions in Israeli society - not only between Israeli Jews and the country's Arab citizen minority, but also among the religious subgroups that make up Israeli Jewry. An overwhelming majority (98%) of Israeli Jews agree all Jews should have the right to move to Israel and receive immediate citizenship. Close to half (48 percent) support the expulsion or transfer of Arabs from Israel, yet most secular Jews disagree (58%) with this, as do 54 percent of those in the center politically (more so from the left). Meanwhile, Israeli Arabs, currently about one-in-five of the country's adults, generally do not think Israel can be a Jewish state and a democracy at the same time. Fewer Arabs (down 24 points) think a peaceful, two-state solution is possible, from 74% in 2013 to 50% now. Both groups are skeptical of the peace process: Israeli Arabs question the sincerity of the Israeli government in seeking a peace agreement, while Israeli Jews are equally skeptical about the sincerity of Palestinian leaders. (Pew is a non-partisan American think tank based in Washington, D.C.) 

There are deep divisions in Israeli society over political values and religion&#039;s role in public life -- not only between Jews and the Arab minority, but also among the religious subgroups that make up Israeli Jewry.


### Sources:

1. [Pew Research Center](http://www.pewforum.org/2016/03/08/israels-religiously-divided-society/)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel-News/You-cant-have-democracy-just-for-Jews-Rivlin-said-in-wake-of-Pew-poll-447319)
2. [Cover Image](http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2016/03/PF_16.03.08_IsraelSurveyPromos_feature640x320.png)

### Changes:

1. [Israel-Palestine relations: A Pew Research Center survey of Jewish and non-Jewish Israelis, via face-to-face interviews from October 2014 through May 2015, finds deep divisions in Israeli society - not only between Israeli Jews and the country-s Arab citizen minority, but also among the religious subgroups that make up Israeli Jewry. An overwhelming majority (98%) of Israeli Jews agree all Jews should have the right to move to Israel and receive immediate citizenship. Close to half (48 percent) support the expulsion or transfer of Arabs from Israel, yet most secular Jews disagree (58%) with this, as do 54 percent of those in the center politically (more so from the left). Meanwhile, Israeli Arabs, currently about one-in-five of the country's adults, generally do not think Israel can be a Jewish state and a democracy at the same time. Fewer Arabs (down 24 points) think a peaceful, two-state solution is possible, from 74% in 2013 to 50% now. Both groups are skeptical of the peace process: Israeli Arabs question the sincerity of the Israeli government in seeking a peace agreement, while Israeli Jews are equally skeptical about the sincerity of Palestinian leaders. (Pew is a non-partisan American think tank based in Washington, D.C.) ](/news/2016/03/8/israel-palestine-relations-a-pew-research-center-survey-of-jewish-and-non-jewish-israelis-via-face-to-face-interviews-from-october-2014.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
1. [A Pew Research Center survey of Jewish and non-Jewish Israelis, via face-to-face interviews from October 2014 through May 2015, finds deep divisions in Israeli society - not only between Israeli Jews and the country's Arab citizen minority, but also among the religious subgroups that make up Israeli Jewry. An overwhelming majority (98%) of Israeli Jews agree all Jews should have the right to move to Israel and receive immediate citizenship. Close to half (48 percent) support the expulsion or transfer of Arabs from Israel, yet most secular Jews disagree (58%) with this, as do 54 percent of those in the center politically (more so from the left). Meanwhile, Israeli Arabs, currently about one-in-five of the country's adults, generally do not think Israel can be a Jewish state and a democracy at the same time. Fewer Arabs (down 24 points) think a peaceful, two-state solution is possible, from 74% in 2013 to 50% now. Both groups are skeptical of the peace process: Israeli Arabs question the sincerity of the Israeli government in seeking a peace agreement, while Israeli Jews are equally skeptical about the sincerity of Palestinian leaders. (Pew is a non-partisan American think tank based in Washington, D.C.) ](/news/2016/03/8/a-pew-research-center-survey-of-jewish-and-non-jewish-israelis-via-face-to-face-interviews-from-october-2014-through-may-2015-finds-deep-d.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The FBI arrests Everett, Washington 43-year-old Thanh Cong Phan on suspicion of sending 12 package bombs to the CIA as well as multiple military and government facilities in the Washington, D.C. area. Those bombs did not blow up. The alleged perpetrator was already under government scrutiny for previous mental health issues. ](/news/2018/03/27/the-fbi-arrests-everett-washington-43-year-old-thanh-cong-phan-on-suspicion-of-sending-12-package-bombs-to-the-cia-as-well-as-multiple-mili.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
2. [Nabil Shaath, the foreign affairs adviser of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, says that the Palestinian Central Council freezes its recognition of the state of Israel until Israel recognizes Palestine as a state. Palestine will freeze the Oslo accords. ](/news/2018/01/15/nabil-shaath-the-foreign-affairs-adviser-of-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-the-palestinian-central-council-freezes-its-reco.md) _Context: Israel-Palestine relations_
3. [16-year-old Palestinian Ahed Tamimi, daughter of Bassem al-Tamimi, is arrested on December 19 in a pre-dawn raid on her home in Nabi Salih by the Israeli army after being suspected of assaulting an Israeli soldier. Later in the day, her mother Nariman is allegedly arrested too when visiting her daughter at a police station. ](/news/2017/12/20/16-year-old-palestinian-ahed-tamimi-daughter-of-bassem-al-tamimi-is-arrested-on-december-19-in-a-pre-dawn-raid-on-her-home-in-nabi-salih-b.md) _Context: Israel-Palestine relations_
4. [The Palestinian National Authority suspends contact with the United States after the Palestine Liberation Organization office in Washington, D.C. was closed. ](/news/2017/11/22/the-palestinian-national-authority-suspends-contact-with-the-united-states-after-the-palestine-liberation-organization-office-in-washington.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
5. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
