### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# An Istanbul court places the Cihan News Agency under state control. The seizure of the Fethullah Gulen-linked news agency comes just days after the Turkish government seized control of the opposition "Zaman" newspaper. 

Turkish authorities have seized control of the Cihan news agency, the agency said, widening the crackdown against supporters of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, an influential foe of President Tayyip Erdogan.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-turkey-politics-gulen-idUKKCN0WA0P5)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160308&t=2&i=1123181505&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC270B1)

### Related:

1. [Turkish police fire tear gas at protesters outside the Istanbul headquarters of the "Zaman" newspaper which has been taken over by the Turkish government. ](/news/2016/03/5/turkish-police-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-outside-the-istanbul-headquarters-of-the-zaman-newspaper-which-has-been-taken-over-by-the-turki.md) _Context: Istanbul, Media freedom in Turkey, Zaman_
2. [A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influentia.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen, Media freedom in Turkey, Zaman_
3. [The 450 km-long Turkish March for Justice concludes in Istanbul at a mass rally attended by hundreds of thousands of people. ](/news/2017/07/9/the-450-km-long-turkish-march-for-justice-concludes-in-istanbul-at-a-mass-rally-attended-by-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people.md) _Context: Istanbul_
4. [The Turkish interior ministry announces that 130 people, living outside the country and suspected of militant links, will lose their citizenship unless they return to Turkey within three months and meet government standards. Named suspects include U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and Peoples' Democratic Party leaders Faysal Sariyildiz, Tugba Hezer, and Ozdal Ucer. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-turkish-interior-ministry-announces-that-130-people-living-outside-the-country-and-suspected-of-militant-links-will-lose-their-citizen.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
5. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
6. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
7. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Istanbul_
8. [A helicopter crashes in Istanbul's Buyukcekmece district, killing at least seven people. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-helicopter-crashes-in-istanbul-s-ba1-4ya1-4kassekmece-district-killing-at-least-seven-people.md) _Context: Istanbul_
9. [Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-people-and-is-remanded-in-custody-isla.md) _Context: Istanbul_
10. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-absen.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
