### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines, in a 9-6 ruling, reverses the Commission on Elections order that had disqualified Senator Grace Poe from running in the May 9, 2016, presidential election. The petitioners plan to file a motion for reconsideration. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/771846/sc-poe-can-run-for-president)

### Related:

1. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-riv.md) _Context: Commission on Elections, Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
2. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-presi.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
4. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The supporters of presidential candidates Grace Poe and Mar Roxas post petitions and counter-petitions on Change.org urging either candidate to drop-out and give way for the other. ](/news/2016/05/6/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supporters-of-presidential-candidates-grace-poe-and-mar-roxas-post-petitions-and-counter-petitio.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
5. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The influential Christian sect Iglesia ni Cristo endorses Grace Poe for president and Bongbong Marcos for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-influential-christian-sect-iglesia-ni-cristo-endorses-grace-poe-for-president-and-bongbong-marco.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
6. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: The campaign period for the election begins in what international media dubs as a "cliffhanger" between five candidates: Jejomar Binay, Miriam Defensor Santiago, Rodrigo R. Duterte, Grace Poe, and Mar Roxas. ](/news/2016/02/9/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-campaign-period-for-the-election-begins-in-what-international-media-dubs-as-a-cliffhanger-betw.md) _Context: Grace Poe, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
7. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos: The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-phil.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
8. [Impeachment in the Philippines: Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. ](/news/2017/08/2/impeachment-in-the-philippines-two-impeachment-complaints-are-filed-in-the-lower-house-of-the-philippine-congress-against-supreme-court-chi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
10. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Bongbong Marcos pays -36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-pays-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine presidential election, 2016_
