### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. 

Live presidential election results and maps.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/election/primaries/states/id/)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/michigan-primary-headlines-tuesday-contests-presidential-races-n533826?cid=eml_nbn_20160308)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results)
4. [Presidential Election News](http://www.uspresidentialelectionnews.com/2016-presidential-primary-schedule-calendar/)
5. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/hillary-clinton-projected-to-win-in-mississippi-a6920506.html)
6. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/03/08/the-two-big-warning-signs-for-hillary-clinton-in-michigan/)
7. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-wins-mississippi-michigan-primaries/2016/03/08/ecb576d6-e539-11e5-b0fd-073d5930a7b7_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, caucus, presidential primaries, primary election_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-he.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, United States, presidential primaries_
7. [Marco Polo condo fire: At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/marco-polo-condo-fire-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-i.md) _Context: Hawaii, United States_
8. [St. Joseph courthouse shooting: At least three people die, including the shooter, in a shooting at the Berrien County courthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan. ](/news/2016/07/11/st-joseph-courthouse-shooting-at-least-three-people-die-including-the-shooter-in-a-shooting-at-the-berrien-county-courthouse-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
9. [A prosecutor in Michigan, United States, is considering whether the words of an African grey parrot could be used to try the woman accused of killing the pet parrot's owner. ](/news/2016/06/29/a-prosecutor-in-michigan-united-states-is-considering-whether-the-words-of-an-african-grey-parrot-could-be-used-to-try-the-woman-accused-o.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016: United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016: Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
