### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# Spillover of the Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. 

The swoop by the army and security forces came after 17 suspects were arrested earlier in a manhunt following Monday&#x27;s dawn attacks in the border town of Ben Guerdane, which left dozens of jihadists dead. &quot;As part of the continuing operation at Ben Guerdane, security forces and the army were


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/five-terrorists-killed-security-operation-near-tunisia-libya-230124253.html;_ylt=AwrC0wzxXN9W3GsALVPQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom is to send troops to Tunisia to help the Tunisian Army prevent ISIL militants from moving into the country from Libya. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-kingdom-is-to-send-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-the-tunisian-army-prevent-isil-militants-from-moving-into-the-country-from-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia, army_
2. [Germany is considering sending troops to Tunisia to help train the Tunisian Army in the fight against Islamist militants, particularly ISIL who control territory in neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/02/21/germany-is-considering-sending-troops-to-tunisia-to-help-train-the-tunisian-army-in-the-fight-against-islamist-militants-particularly-isil.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia, army_
3. [An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the  internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns-with-its-cargo-t.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
4. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
5. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
6. [At least 50 people are killed, including 33 militants, seven civilians and ten soldiers, in armed clashes between the Tunisian Army and Islamist militants in the town of Ben Gardane, near the border with Libya. ](/news/2016/03/7/at-least-50-people-are-killed-including-33-militants-seven-civilians-and-ten-soldiers-in-armed-clashes-between-the-tunisian-army-and-isla.md) _Context: Libya, army_
7. [The Tunisian Army kills five suspected ISIL militants near the town of Ben Gardane after they infiltrated across the border from neighboring Libya. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-tunisian-army-kills-five-suspected-isil-militants-near-the-town-of-ben-gardane-after-they-infiltrated-across-the-border-from-neighboring.md) _Context: Libya, army_
8. [Tunisia completes the construction of a 200km (125 mile) barrier along its border with Libya, intended to keep out terrorists trained in Libya. ](/news/2016/02/6/tunisia-completes-the-construction-of-a-200km-125-mile-barrier-along-its-border-with-libya-intended-to-keep-out-terrorists-trained-in-lib.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia_
9. [United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-western-libya-near-the-tunisian-border-reportedly-killing-at-least-38-pe.md) _Context: Libya, Tunisia_
10. [ Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must  be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that-would-bring-about.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
