### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# The U.S. military is in discussions  with Australian officials about the possibility of basing long-range bombers,  whose striking distance would include the South China Sea, in Australia. 

The United States is in talks to base long-range bombers in Australia, U.S. defense officials said, within striking distance of the disputed South China Sea, a move that could inflame tensions with China.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southchinasea-australia-usa-idUSKCN0WB05Q)

### Related:

1. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and  express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express.md) _Context: Australia, South China Sea, war_
2. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: Defense Department, South China Sea_
3. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, Australia-United States relations_
4. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, ''Philippines v. China''Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-pvietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gat.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
6. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
7. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
8. [A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, ''USS Curtis Wilbur'' (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action "severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-triton-island.md) _Context: Defense Department, war_
9. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
10. [Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict-with-china-over-territorial-claims-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, war_
