### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2016/03/08/stronger-zika-links-to-sexual-transmission-birth-defects-who-says/)

### Related:

1. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Margaret Chan, World Health Organization, Zika virus_
2. [  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-united-states-an-elderly-man-in-puerto-r.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
3. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth-defects-like-microcephaly.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
4. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is investigating 14 cases where the Zika virus may have been sexually transmitted. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-is-investigating-14-cases-where-the-zika-virus-may-have-been-sexually-transmitt.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak (2015-present)_
5. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
6. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
7. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
8. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
9. [The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
10. [Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake.  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic-of-cholera-in-recent-history-f.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
