### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# The U.S. military is in discussions with Australian officials about the possibility of basing long-range bombers, whose striking distance would include the South China Sea, in Australia. 

The United States is in talks to base long-range bombers in Australia, U.S. defense officials said, within striking distance of the disputed South China Sea, a move that could inflame tensions with China.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southchinasea-australia-usa-idUSKCN0WB05Q)

### Related:

1. [The United States and Australia warn China they remain committed to freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea and express strong concerns at China's construction of artificial islands in the disputed waters. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-united-states-and-australia-warn-china-they-remain-committed-to-freedom-of-navigation-in-the-waters-of-the-south-china-sea-and-express-s.md) _Context: Australia, South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [The USS Dewey sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-uss-dewey-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-mischief-reef-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: South China Sea, U.S. military_
4. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, Australia-United States relations_
5. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. [A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, "USS Curtis Wilbur" (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action "severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-triton-island-t.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S. military_
9. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. [Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict-with-china-over-territorial-claims-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: South China Sea, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
