### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# The United States military says ISIL's so-called minister-of-war, Abu Omar al-Shishani, ne Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili, appears to have been killed in a U.S. air strike near the town of Al-Shaddadi in Syria. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via msn.com](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/islamic-states-minister-of-war-likely-killed-in-us-air-strike-officials/ar-AAgxCvq#image=1)

### Related:

1. [A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike  near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts.  Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-commander-omar-al-shis.md) _Context: Al-Shaddadah, ISIL, Omar al-Shishani, Syria, airstrike_
2. [A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s-led-coalition-warplanes-leaves-at-least-32-islamic-st.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, airstrike_
3. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
4. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Al-Shaddadah, ISIL, Syria_
5. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, airstrike_
6. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
7. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
8. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, The Pentagon_
9. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, airstrike_
10. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
