### [2016-03-8](/news/2016/03/8/index.md)

# U.S. carrier Alaska Airlines reschedules Flight 870 from Anchorage, Alaska, to Honolulu,  Hawaii, to depart at 2:00 p.m. local time  (23:00 UTC) so passengers can view 2016's only total solar eclipse for 1 minute and 59 seconds, 695 miles north of Honolulu  at 37,000 feet.  

The departure time is being adjusted so passengers can get a rare look over the Pacific Ocean.


### Source:

1. [Alaska Airlines](http://blog.alaskaair.com/alaska-airlines/news/eclipse-flight/)
2. [KING-TV](http://www.king5.com/story/news/features/2016/03/07/alaska-airlines-flight-see-total-eclipse-36000-feet/81439796/)
3. [NASA TV stream](http://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/nasatv/)
4. [The Verge](http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/8/11175142/total-solar-eclipse-march-2016-time-live-stream)

### Related:

1. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hon.md) _Context: Hawaii, Honolulu_
2. [A Boeing 787 controlled by Japan Airlines makes an emergency landing at Honolulu Airport in Honolulu, Hawaii, after oil pressure in their right engine dropped. ](/news/2014/03/9/a-boeing-787-controlled-by-japan-airlines-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-honolulu-airport-in-honolulu-hawaii-after-oil-pressure-in-their-ri.md) _Context: Hawaii, Honolulu_
3. [A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coast-of-hawaii-with-five-people-on-board-a-unite.md) _Context: Hawaii_
4. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hawaii_
5. [The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige  says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-and-set-strategies-to-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: Hawaii_
6. [Unruly aircraft passengersAlaska Airlines removes 11 passengers from a Juneau, Alaska to Seattle, Washington flight, due to alleged unruly and uncooperative behavior. There were no arrests. ](/news/2017/06/26/unruly-aircraft-passengerspalaska-airlines-removes-11-passengers-from-a-juneau-alaska-to-seattle-washington-flight-due-to-alleged-unruly.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
7. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska, confirm that James Dale Ritchie, killed by an Anchorage police officer whom Ritchie had tried to kill in the fall of 2016, was a serial killer who had used the same gun to kill 5 people, apparently at random. Two of the murders were double homicides, with some of the deaths occurring along Anchorage's expansive Tony Knowles Coastal Trail. ](/news/2017/04/26/police-in-anchorage-alaska-confirm-that-james-dale-ritchie-killed-by-an-anchorage-police-officer-whom-ritchie-had-tried-to-kill-in-the-fa.md) _Context: Anchorage, Alaska_
8. [A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska-continues-releasing-between-6-000a8.md) _Context: Anchorage, Alaska_
9. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii_
10. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: Hawaii_
