### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: The Samoan Islands and Wallis and Futuna brace for the impact of Cyclone Amos as the Fiji Meteorological Service upgrades the cyclone to a category three storm, with sustained winds as high as 140 km/h at its centre. 

Tropical Cyclone Amos was upgraded to a category three on Friday night, and was forecast to pass close to Samoa&#39;s southern coast this weekend.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/302138/samoas-and-wallis-brace-for-an-intensifying-cyclone-amos)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Samoan authorities prepared for Severe Tropical Cyclone Amos which is forecast to make landfall later tonight. ](/news/2016/04/23/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-samoan-authorities-prepared-for-severe-tropical-cyclone-amos-which-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-late.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, Severe Tropical Cyclone Amos_
2. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: A tropical cyclone warning is issued for the northern Cook Islands as Tropical Cyclone Victor approaches. ](/news/2016/01/15/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-a-tropical-cyclone-warning-is-issued-for-the-northern-cook-islands-as-tropical-cyclone-victor-approa.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season, tropical cyclone_
3. [Wallis and Futuna Territorial Assembly election, 2017: Voters in Wallis and Futuna re-elect nine members and elect eleven new members to the 20-seat Territorial Assembly. ](/news/2017/03/26/wallis-and-futuna-territorial-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-wallis-and-futuna-re-elect-nine-members-and-elect-eleven-new-members-to-the.md) _Context: Wallis and Futuna_
4. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Haima, the second tropical cyclone to hit the Philippines in less than a week, kills at least seven people and causes flooding, landslides, and power outages before heading out to sea. ](/news/2016/10/20/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-haima-the-second-tropical-cyclone-to-hit-the-philippines-in-less-than-a-week-kills-at-least-seven-peo.md) _Context: tropical cyclone_
5. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Taiwan and China brace for the impact of Typhoon Nepartak, the first major typhoon of 2016. Thousands of people have been evacuated in Taiwan while over 35,000 military personnel have been placed on standby to help with relief efforts. ](/news/2016/07/7/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-taiwan-and-china-brace-for-the-impact-of-typhoon-nepartak-the-first-major-typhoon-of-2016-thousands-of-people.md) _Context: tropical cyclone_
6. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Zena, now a category 3 storm, heads for Fiji, where a tropical depression already dumped up to 12 inches of rain on the western and northern parts of Fiji's largest and most populous island, Viti Levu, triggering major flash flooding that's killed at least two people. The archipelago is still recovering from category 5 Cyclone Winston that killed 44 people in February. ](/news/2016/04/6/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-zena-now-a-category-3-storm-heads-for-fiji-where-a-tropical-depression-already-dumped-up.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
7. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
8. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll in Fiji rises to 42 and is expected to rise further as relief teams reach remote islands. ](/news/2016/02/24/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-in-fiji-rises-to-42-and-is-expected-to-rise-further-as-relief-teams.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
9. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll from Cyclone Winston in Fiji rises to 29. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-winston-in-fiji-rises-to-29.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
10. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Winston: The death toll in Fiji rises to at least 17 as authorities continue to assess the damage. All schools in the country are closed for the week. A nationwide curfew remains in effect. ](/news/2016/02/22/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-the-death-toll-in-fiji-rises-to-at-least-17-as-authorities-continue-to-assess-the-d.md) _Context: 2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season_
