### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# Belize accuses Guatemala of "amassing" troops on the disputed Belize-Guatemala border following the death of a teenage Guatemalan boy in a shooting incident apparently involving Belize Defence Force soldiers. Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales called the shooting a "cowardly and excessive attack" that merits the "total condemnation of the Guatemalan state". 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/belize-guatemala-amassing-troops-border-areas-38595188)

### Related:

1. [President of Guatemala Jimmy Morales announced Sunday he is expelling the head of the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG), a U.N. anti-corruption commission that is investigating the president's campaign financing. ](/news/2017/08/27/president-of-guatemala-jimmy-morales-announced-sunday-he-is-expelling-the-head-of-the-international-commission-against-impunity-in-guatemala.md) _Context: Jimmy Morales, President of Guatemala_
2. [Guatemalan Gustavo Alejos Cambara, once private secretary to former President Alvaro Colom, turns himself in to authorities on charges related to government medicine procurement corruption. ](/news/2015/12/28/guatemalan-gustavo-alejos-cambara-once-private-secretary-to-former-president-alvaro-colom-turns-himself-in-to-authorities-on-charges-rela.md) _Context: Guatemala, President of Guatemala_
3. [Guatemala arrests 11 in a public hospital, medicine-buying kickback scheme. Two others remain at large, including Gustavo Alejos Cambara, the former private secretary to ex-President Alvaro Colom. A U.N. commission set up to tackle criminal networks in Guatemala participated in the investigation. ](/news/2015/10/27/guatemala-arrests-11-in-a-public-hospital-medicine-buying-kickback-scheme-two-others-remain-at-large-including-gustavo-alejos-cambara-th.md) _Context: Guatemala, President of Guatemala_
4. [Thousands of protesters joined a Guatemalan national strike Thursday demanding the resignation of President Otto Perez Molina for corruption. Five of 13 cabinet ministers have resigned since Friday, and Tuesday, the Supreme Court unanimously approved a motion to impeach the president. ](/news/2015/08/27/thousands-of-protesters-joined-a-guatemalan-national-strike-thursday-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-otto-pa-c-rez-molina-for-corruptio.md) _Context: Guatemala, President of Guatemala_
5. [American businessman John McAfee is arrested in Guatemala following an alleged illegal entry after leaving Belize where he is wanted for questioning over the death of fellow American Gregory Faull. ](/news/2012/12/5/american-businessman-john-mcafee-is-arrested-in-guatemala-following-an-alleged-illegal-entry-after-leaving-belize-where-he-is-wanted-for-que.md) _Context: Belize, Guatemala_
6. [American businessman John McAfee is deported from Guatemala to the United States despite being wanted for questioning in Belize. ](/news/2012/12/12/american-businessman-john-mcafee-is-deported-from-guatemala-to-the-united-states-despite-being-wanted-for-questioning-in-belize.md) _Context: Belize, Guatemala_
7. [Tropical Storm Harvey is expected to cross the coast of Belize with a tropical storm watch in place for Guatemala and parts of Honduras. ](/news/2011/08/20/tropical-storm-harvey-is-expected-to-cross-the-coast-of-belize-with-a-tropical-storm-watch-in-place-for-guatemala-and-parts-of-honduras.md) _Context: Belize, Guatemala_
8. [In Guatemala the country's electoral supreme court calls for general elections to be held on September 11 to elect President and Vice President, Mayors of the 333 municipal corporations, members for a new Congress and members for the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN). A second round of voting for President and Vice-President will be held on November 6 if needed.](/news/2011/05/2/in-guatemala-the-country-s-electoral-supreme-court-calls-for-general-elections-to-be-held-on-september-11-to-elect-president-and-vice-presid.md) _Context: Guatemala, President of Guatemala_
9. [Former Guatemalan President Alfonso Portillo is to be extradited to the U.S. following a ruling by a Guatemalan criminal court. ](/news/2010/03/18/former-guatemalan-president-alfonso-portillo-is-to-be-extradited-to-the-u-s-following-a-ruling-by-a-guatemalan-criminal-court.md) _Context: Guatemala, President of Guatemala_
10. [A United Nations investigation clears Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom in the murder of lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg Marzano, and rules that Rosenberg plotted his own murder. ](/news/2010/01/12/a-united-nations-investigation-clears-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom-in-the-murder-of-lawyer-rodrigo-rosenberg-marzano-and-rules-that-r.md) _Context: Guatemala, President of Guatemala_
