### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. 

Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalising marijuana for medical purposes and easing restrictions for personal use of the drug.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36107947)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/FFEE/production/_89381556_9d2900af-c639-4114-ab79-e4298b0f4af5.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico, President_
2. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico, President_
3. [American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porpoise.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico_
4. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
5. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-that-mexico-would-pay-for-any-border-wall.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico_
6. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, President_
7. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
8. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
9. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
10. [Mexican Army soldiers kill 22 criminals in a shootout at a warehouse in the town of Tlatlaya in central Mexico. ](/news/2014/06/30/mexican-army-soldiers-kill-22-criminals-in-a-shootout-at-a-warehouse-in-the-town-of-tlatlaya-in-central-mexico.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
