### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# Philippine general election, 2016: The Commission on Election announced that the May 9 elections shall push through despite a massive breach on its database by hackers which puts 55 million registered Filipino voters at risk.




### Related:

1. [Philippine general election, 2016: Filipino voters head to the polls for a presidential election with unofficial counts showing Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte with a commanding lead. ](/news/2016/05/9/philippine-general-election-2016-filipino-voters-head-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-unofficial-counts-showing-davao-city-m.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
2. [Philippine general election, 2016: Philippine candidate Grace Poe denies she will give way in favor of administration bet Mar Roxas ](/news/2016/05/5/philippine-general-election-2016-philippine-candidate-grace-poe-denies-she-will-give-way-in-favor-of-administration-bet-mar-roxas.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
3. [ Philippine general election, 2016: In the Philippine general election, the Liberal Party emerges as the party with a plurality of seats in the Philippine Senate election, 2016 and Philippine House of Representatives elections, 2016. ](/news/2016/05/19/philippine-general-election-2016-in-the-philippine-general-election-the-liberal-party-emerges-as-the-party-with-a-plurality-of-seats-in.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
4. [Philippine general election, 2016 CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: Jose Maria Sison, who is the leader of the guerrilla Communist Party of the Philippines, says that the presidency of Rodrigo Duterte is "good for national unity." ](/news/2016/05/1/philippine-general-election-2016-cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-jose-maria-sison-who-is-the-leader-of-the-guerrilla-communist-party-of-the-phi.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
5. [Philippine general election, 2016: Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he shot a fellow law student at San Beda College. The victim, Octavio Goco, who was also a Lex Talionis fraternity brother of Duterte, survived the assault. Duerte was not allowed to participate in his graduation ceremony. ](/news/2016/04/21/philippine-general-election-2016-philippine-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-shot-a-fellow-law-student-at-san-beda-college.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
6. [Philippine general election, 2016: Bongbong Marcos, the son of dictator Ferdinand Marcos and top vice presidential candidate, defends Duterte's remarks about rape. ](/news/2016/04/18/philippine-general-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-the-son-of-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-and-top-vice-presidential-candidate-defends-dutert.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
7. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Philippine general election, 2016: Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippine-general-election-2016-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-asid.md) _Context: Philippine general election, 2016_
