### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. 

MEXICO CITY (AP) — Searchers recovered four more bodies from a petrochemical plant wrecked by a huge explosion this week on Mexico&#039;s southeastern Gulf coast, raising the death toll to 28, the state oil company said Friday…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/00720428b3f5418a92427e196adb9a6d/death-toll-28-mexico-petrochemical-plant-explosion)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Veracruz_
2. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, PEMEX_
3. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, PEMEX_
4. [Mexican marines kill 4 gunmen who tried to steal the body of Angel Enrique Uscanga, a drug boss, in Gulf coast state of Veracruz. ](/news/2012/12/30/mexican-marines-kill-4-gunmen-who-tried-to-steal-the-body-of-angel-enrique-uscanga-a-drug-boss-in-gulf-coast-state-of-veracruz.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Veracruz_
5. [ A storm in the Gulf of Mexico kills 18 Mexican oil workers fleeing an oil rig, with Navy rescue teams trying to reach survivors. ](/news/2007/10/24/a-storm-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-kills-18-mexican-oil-workers-fleeing-an-oil-rig-with-navy-rescue-teams-trying-to-reach-survivors.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, PEMEX_
6. [ The Ejrcito Popular Revolucionario plants a series of bombs that tear apart six Pemex natural gas pipelines in the Mexican states of Veracruz and Tlaxcala. ](/news/2007/09/10/the-ejercito-popular-revolucionario-plants-a-series-of-bombs-that-tear-apart-six-pemex-natural-gas-pipelines-in-the-mexican-states-of-verac.md) _Context: PEMEX, Veracruz_
7. [Hurricane watches are issued for the state of Veracruz on Mexico's Gulf coast. Category 1 Katia (75 mph/120 km/h) is about 185 miles off the Mexican coast, slowly moving at 3 mph. ](/news/2017/09/6/hurricane-watches-are-issued-for-the-state-of-veracruz-on-mexico-s-gulf-coast-category-1-katia-75-mph-120-km-h-is-about-185-miles-off-the.md) _Context: Veracruz_
8. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [Eight people are killed in an explosion at a petrochemical plant in Shandong, China. ](/news/2017/06/5/eight-people-are-killed-in-an-explosion-at-a-petrochemical-plant-in-shandong-china.md) _Context: petrochemical plant_
10. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: PEMEX_
