### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# The U.K. Foreign Office and the U.S. State Department issue travel advisories regarding the Philippine island of Mindanao and the Sulu Archipelago after a recent kidnapping near Davao City. 

THE forthcoming May 9 national and local elections have prompted the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) of the United Kingdom (UK) to issue a travel advisory to its nationals visiting the Philippines. In its updated Foreign Travel Advisory (Philippines), the FCO reminded British nationals that the national elections in the country is already set to take place on May 9. &quot;You should avoid large crowds and demonstrations and follow the advice of the local authorities,&quot; said the FCO.


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/130363-us-warning-americans-mindanao)
2. [Sun Star Cebu](http://www.sunstar.com.ph/manila/local-news/2016/04/22/uk-issues-travel-advisory-vs-philippines-469376)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.sunstar.com.ph/sites/default/files/og/sunstar-manila-og.png)

### Related:

1. [A new set of kidnappings and a jail break plague Sulu province in the southern region of Mindanao in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-new-set-of-kidnappings-and-a-jail-break-plague-sulu-province-in-the-southern-region-of-mindanao-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Mindanao, Moro conflict_
2. [An explosion at a night market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 14 people and injures 60. President of the Philippines and former Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte was in the city at the time. Abu Sayyaf have claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/09/2/an-explosion-at-a-night-market-in-davao-city-philippines-kills-at-least-14-people-and-injures-60-president-of-the-philippines-and-former.md) _Context: Davao City, Moro conflict_
3. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Mindanao, Moro conflict_
4. [Seven Indonesian sailors are kidnapped off the coast of Sulu near Mindanao in the southern Philippines raising terrorism fears. ](/news/2016/06/24/seven-indonesian-sailors-are-kidnapped-off-the-coast-of-sulu-near-mindanao-in-the-southern-philippines-raising-terrorism-fears.md) _Context: Mindanao, Moro conflict_
5. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
6. [Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwide.md) _Context: Mindanao_
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
8. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
9. [After seven hours of debate, the joint special session of the Congress of the Philippines votes 261-18 in favour of the motion to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis), that was set to expire 10 PM Philippine Standard Time, until the end of the year. ](/news/2017/07/22/after-seven-hours-of-debate-the-joint-special-session-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-votes-261a18-in-favour-of-the-motion-to-extend-p.md) _Context: Mindanao_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Mindanao_
