### [2016-04-22](/news/2016/04/22/index.md)

# U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia's expanded and assertive actions. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/scaparotti-nato-commander-russia-ukraine/27689193.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO–Russia relations, Russia, United States_
2. [The United States Air Force sends 12  F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further-russian-aggression-in-e.md) _Context: Europe, NATO–Russia relations, Russia_
3. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Cold War II, Russia, United States_
4. [ Russia's government will allow the U.S. Armed Forces to ship nonlethal equipment to Afghanistan through Russian territory. ](/news/2009/02/6/russia-s-government-will-allow-the-u-s-armed-forces-to-ship-nonlethal-equipment-to-afghanistan-through-russian-territory.md) _Context: Russia, U.S. military personnel, United States_
5. [ Russia warns the United States to halt its missile defense system in central Europe in order to continue further talks. ](/news/2007/06/9/russia-warns-the-united-states-to-halt-its-missile-defense-system-in-central-europe-in-order-to-continue-further-talks.md) _Context: Europe, Russia, United States_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Europe, Russia, United States_
7. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: Europe, Russia, United States_
8. [ The United States holds talks with NATO and Russian officials over plans to deploy a missile defence system in Europe. ](/news/2007/04/19/the-united-states-holds-talks-with-nato-and-russian-officials-over-plans-to-deploy-a-missile-defence-system-in-europe.md) _Context: Europe, Russia, United States_
9. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Curtis Scaparrotti, Russia_
10. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
