### [2010-09-9](/news/2010/09/9/index.md)

# An Iranian diplomat at the United Nations states that United States citizen Sarah Shourd will be released "very soon". 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5joLPoS_Q769mXek6bDZyE9OOUdTQ)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/international/report-iran-building-additional-secret-nuclear-enrichment-facility-1.313083)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United States_
2. [The United States rejects the invitation of Iran by the United Nations in peace talks involving Syria. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-united-states-rejects-the-invitation-of-iran-by-the-united-nations-in-peace-talks-involving-syria.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United States_
3. [Iran delays the release of United States detainee Sarah Shourd because the legal processes have not been completed. ](/news/2010/09/10/iran-delays-the-release-of-united-states-detainee-sarah-shourd-because-the-legal-processes-have-not-been-completed.md) _Context: Iran, Sarah Shourd, United States_
4. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United States_
5. [ The United States says that Iran's proposal to the United Nations about its nuclear program "falls short of the conditions set by the Security Council." ](/news/2006/08/23/the-united-states-says-that-iran-s-proposal-to-the-united-nations-about-its-nuclear-program-falls-short-of-the-conditions-set-by-the-secur.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United States_
6. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
7. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote  calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
8. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
9. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
10. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
