### [2010-09-9](/news/2010/09/9/index.md)

# US District Court Judge Virginia A. Phillips rules that the United States military's don't ask, don't tell policy violates the First Amendment rights of gay men and lesbians. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2010/09/federal-judge-declares-us-military-ban-on-openly-gay-service-members-unconstitutional-.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States military officially ends its policy known as "don't ask, don't tell" and allows homosexual personnel to publicly declare their sexual orientation without being dismissed. ](/news/2011/09/20/the-united-states-military-officially-ends-its-policy-known-as-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-and-allows-homosexual-personnel-to-publicly-declare-t.md) _Context: United States military, don't ask, don't tell_
2. [Don't ask, don't tellThe Obama administration asks United States District Court for the Central District of California judge Virginia A. Phillips to stay her ruling in Log Cabin Republicans v. United States of America that the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy is unconstitutional while it appeals the decision. ](/news/2010/10/14/don-t-ask-don-t-tellpthe-obama-administration-asks-united-states-district-court-for-the-central-district-of-california-judge-virginia-a-ph.md) _Context: Virginia A. Phillips, don't ask, don't tell_
3. [Judge Virginia A. Phillips of the United States District Court for the Central District of California orders an injunction against the United States military continuing its don't ask don't tell policy against lesbian and gay members. ](/news/2010/10/12/judge-virginia-a-phillips-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-central-district-of-california-orders-an-injunction-against-the-unite.md) _Context: Virginia A. Phillips, don't ask, don't tell_
4. [ Democratic candidates in the United States presidential election appear in a televised forum sponsored by Human Rights Campaign Foundation and focusing on gay and lesbian issues. ](/news/2007/08/9/democratic-candidates-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-appear-in-a-televised-forum-sponsored-by-human-rights-campaign-foundation.md) _Context: gay, lesbian_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: an Ontario court rules that Canadians whose same-sex partners died after 1985 are entitled to survivors' benefits. It is believed to be the first class-action lawsuit awarding compensation to gays and lesbians anywhere in the world. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/19/samesex_benefits031219]](/news/2003/12/19/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-an-ontario-court-rules-that-canadians-whose-same-sex-partners-died-after-1985-are-entitled-to-survivors-benef.md) _Context: gay, lesbian_
6. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C. Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-pturkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: U.S. laws_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: gay_
8. [The United States military states that it has inadvertently killed 64 civilians in air strikes on targets in Syria and Iraq over the past year. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-united-states-military-states-that-it-has-inadvertently-killed-64-civilians-in-air-strikes-on-targets-in-syria-and-iraq-over-the-past-ye.md) _Context: United States military_
9. [Battle of Boz Qandahari: Two United States military personnel, four Afghan Commandos, and 30 civilians are killed in clashes with the Taliban in Kunduz province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/battle-of-boz-qandahari-two-united-states-military-personnel-four-afghan-commandos-and-30-civilians-are-killed-in-clashes-with-the-taliba.md) _Context: United States military_
10. [While testifying about the United States military's current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will "Americanize" the conflict.  The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials "did little to assuage lawmakers' concerns that the strategy isn't working.''  At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. ](/news/2015/12/10/while-testifying-about-the-united-states-militaryas-current-strategy-vice-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-general-paul-j-selva-war.md) _Context: United States military_
