### [2010-12-19](/news/2010/12/19/index.md)

# 60 Minutes, an influential news program, runs a segment with Meredith Whitney a bank analyst credited with a timely bearish call in 2008, in which she predicts hundreds of millions of dollars worth of defaults by U.S. municipalities. 

In an interview broadcast on &ldquo;60 Minutes&rdquo; Sunday night, Whitney, who runs the Meredith Whitney Advisory Group, argued that the $3 trillion municipal bond market faces the immediate threat of hundreds of billions of dollars in defaults. That notion has put the investment community on the defensive Monday, as bankers and analysts scramble to reassure investors and clients that the market isn&rsquo;t about to fall to pieces. 


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/id/40755309/)

### Related:

1. [CBS terminates its contract with Scott Pelley as anchor, managing editor and reporter of "CBS Evening News". Pelley will remain with "CBS News" as a correspondent in "60 Minutes". ](/news/2017/05/31/cbs-terminates-its-contract-with-scott-pelley-as-anchor-managing-editor-and-reporter-of-cbs-evening-news-pelley-will-remain-with-cbs-ne.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
2. [CBS suspends Lara Logan and her producer after she admitted that portions of her "60 Minutes" report on the death of U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens were false. ](/news/2013/11/26/cbs-suspends-lara-logan-and-her-producer-after-she-admitted-that-portions-of-her-60-minutes-report-on-the-death-of-u-s-ambassador-j-chri.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama claims that "there had to be some sort of support network for bin Laden inside of Pakistan" on 60 Minutes. ](/news/2011/05/8/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-claims-that-there-had-to-be-some-sort-of-support-network-for-bin-laden-inside-of-pakistan.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
4. [ The CBS television program "60 Minutes" airs a story on a lawsuit against the hedge fund SAC, alleging that it orchestrated a fall in the stock price of Canadian drug company Biovail.](/news/2006/03/26/the-cbs-television-program-60-minutes-airs-a-story-on-a-lawsuit-against-the-hedge-fund-sac-alleging-that-it-orchestrated-a-fall-in-the-s.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
5. [ Four CBS News staffers are fired following the release of an independent investigation of a 60 Minutes story about U.S. President George W. Bush's military service that relied on forged documents. ](/news/2005/01/10/four-cbs-news-staffers-are-fired-following-the-release-of-an-independent-investigation-of-a-60-minutes-story-about-u-s-president-george-w.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
6. [ In publicity for a new book for which former U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill is the primary source, "60 Minutes" reveals O'Neill's claims that the Bush administration was making plans for an invasion of Iraq within days of Bush's inauguration. Bush officials note that regime change in Iraq had been official U.S. policy since 1998, three years before Bush took office. O'Neill, fired for his opposition to tax cuts, also characterized Bush as so disengaged in cabinet meetings that he "was like a blind man in a roomful of deaf people". On the positive side, O'Neill also described Bush as such a good listener that he (O'Neill) was able to give a non-stop monologue for nearly an hour in a one-on-one meeting.](/news/2004/01/10/in-publicity-for-a-new-book-for-which-former-u-s-treasury-secretary-paul-o-neill-is-the-primary-source-60-minutes-reveals-o-neill-s-cla.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
7. [Former Vice President and 2000 Democratic presidential candidate Al Gore announces on the CBS News' "60 Minutes" that he will not seek election to the presidency in 2004.](/news/2002/12/16/former-vice-president-and-2000-democratic-presidential-candidate-al-gore-announces-on-the-cbs-news-60-minutes-that-he-will-not-seek-elect.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
8. [ A jury in Michigan finds Dr. Jack Kevorkian guilty of second-degree murder for administering a lethal injection to a terminally ill man (the incident was videotaped and aired on September 17, 1998 edition of "60 Minutes")](/news/1999/03/26/a-jury-in-michigan-finds-dr-jack-kevorkian-guilty-of-second-degree-murder-for-administering-a-lethal-injection-to-a-terminally-ill-man-th.md) _Context: 60 Minutes_
