### [2010-12-19](/news/2010/12/19/index.md)

# At least 28 people are killed and dozens more are injured following an explosion on a PEMEX oil pipeline in San Martin Texmelucan, Puebla, Mexico. 

At least 28 people have been killed and many injured in an explosion on an oil pipeline in central Mexico, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-12034038)

### Related:

1. [Mexican authorities say two suspected thieves died after a mob beat them and four others in Tlatlauquitepec, Puebla, Mexico. ](/news/2017/08/28/mexican-authorities-say-two-suspected-thieves-died-after-a-mob-beat-them-and-four-others-in-tlatlauquitepec-puebla-mexico.md) _Context: Puebla_
2. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: PEMEX_
3. [At least 40 people are killed by landslides from floods created from Earl's heavy rainfall in the eastern Mexican states of Puebla and Veracruz. The tropical depression dissipated early today. ](/news/2016/08/8/at-least-40-people-are-killed-by-landslides-from-floods-created-from-earl-s-heavy-rainfall-in-the-eastern-mexican-states-of-puebla-and-verac.md) _Context: Puebla_
4. [The death toll from mudslides in Eastern Mexico triggered by Hurricane Earl rises to 38, with 28 people killed in Puebla, and 10 others in Veracruz. ](/news/2016/08/7/the-death-toll-from-mudslides-in-eastern-mexico-triggered-by-hurricane-earl-rises-to-38-with-28-people-killed-in-puebla-and-10-others-in-v.md) _Context: Puebla_
5. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: PEMEX_
6. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: PEMEX_
7. [A highway traffic accident in the Mexican state of Puebla kills 20 people and injures at least 15 others. ](/news/2015/11/23/a-highway-traffic-accident-in-the-mexican-state-of-puebla-kills-20-people-and-injures-at-least-15-others.md) _Context: Puebla_
8. [Flames engulf a Mexican state-run Pemex oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico, killing four workers. ](/news/2015/04/1/flames-engulf-a-mexican-state-run-pemex-oil-platform-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-killing-four-workers.md) _Context: PEMEX_
9. [Mexico's Congress passes a bill that will allow foreign investment in its state-run oil company, Pemex. The measure still requires the approval of a majority of the country's federal entities. date=December 2013](/news/2013/12/12/mexico-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-will-allow-foreign-investment-in-its-state-run-oil-company-pemex-the-measure-still-requires-the-appro.md) _Context: PEMEX_
10. [Former Mexican anchorman Alonso de la Colina Sordo is assassinated by an unidentified gunman in the state of Puebla. His death adds to the long list of more than 80 journalists killed in Mexico since 2005. ](/news/2013/04/16/former-mexican-anchorman-alonso-de-la-colina-sordo-is-assassinated-by-an-unidentified-gunman-in-the-state-of-puebla-his-death-adds-to-the-l.md) _Context: Puebla_
