### [2010-12-19](/news/2010/12/19/index.md)

# Lawyers for Wikileaks's founder Julian Assange express anger that incriminating police files regarding Assange's alleged sexual assault of two Swedish women were published in The Guardian newspaper, which has used him as its source for hundreds of leaked US embassy cables. 




### Source:

1. [ (''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/in-depth/wikileaks/assange-anger-at-smear-campaign-after-leaked-police-files-published-in-the-guardian/story-fn775xjq-1225973443379)

### Related:

1. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks, sexual assault_
2. [Ahead of his court case Julian Assange is interviewed at the Norfolk country house where he is staying, having been up all night preparing U.S. State Department cables relevant to ongoing events in Egypt for inclusion on the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2011/01/30/ahead-of-his-court-case-julian-assange-is-interviewed-at-the-norfolk-country-house-where-he-is-staying-having-been-up-all-night-preparing-u.md) _Context: 250,000 documents, Julian Assange, Wikileaks_
3. [Attacks against WikiLeaks, Julian Assange and ''The Guardian'' website:As "massive" cyberwarfare against the WikiLeaks website continue, the website is forced to change its web address after EveryDNS kills its domain due to the disruption caused to its other customers by the attacks. United States authorities are accused of carrying out the cyber attacks against the website. ](/news/2010/12/3/attacks-against-wikileaks-julian-assange-and-the-guardian-website-pas-massive-cyberwarfare-against-the-wikileaks-website-continue-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, The Guardian, Wikileaks_
4. [Wikileaks head Julian Assange says he has deals for his autobiography worth more than PS1 million and needs the money to defend himself against allegations of sexual assault on two women in Sweden. ](/news/2010/12/26/wikileaks-head-julian-assange-says-he-has-deals-for-his-autobiography-worth-more-than-aps1-million-and-needs-the-money-to-defend-himself-agai.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks, sexual assault_
5. [Interpol issues an arrest warrant for Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, to face sexual assault charges in Sweden. ](/news/2010/11/30/interpol-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-julian-assange-the-founder-of-wikileaks-to-face-sexual-assault-charges-in-sweden.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks, sexual assault_
6. [United States diplomatic cables leak and attack on WikiLeaks:The WikiLeaks website is attacked by a computer-hacking operation and undergoes "a mass distributed denial of service attack" as it prepares to release more secret U.S. documents. Julian Assange says U.S. authorities are afraid of being held accountable for their actions. ](/news/2010/11/28/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-and-attack-on-wikileaks-pthe-wikileaks-website-is-attacked-by-a-computer-hacking-operation-and-undergoe.md) _Context: 250,000 documents, Julian Assange, Wikileaks_
7. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks_
8. [Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-limitations-expire-but-will-continue-to-inv.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks_
9. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks_
10. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, Wikileaks_
