### [2011-06-24](/news/2011/06/24/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, warns of a possible escalation of the 2011 Syrian uprising as Syrian Army forces mass near the border with Turkey. 




### Source:

1. [Sky](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Syria-Soldiers-Mass-Near-Turkey-Border-As-President-Increases-Use-Of-Military-Force-Against-Revolt/Article/200911416017845?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_1&lid=ARTICLE_16017845_Syria_Soldiers_Mass_Near_Turkey_Border_As_President_Increases_Use_Of_Military_Force_Against_Revolt)

### Related:

1. [Turkey seizes a Syrian ship possibly carrying weapons to the Syrian Army, as the 2011 Syrian uprising continues. ](/news/2011/09/24/turkey-seizes-a-syrian-ship-possibly-carrying-weapons-to-the-syrian-army-as-the-2011-syrian-uprising-continues.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Syrian Army, Turkey_
2. [Airstrikes hit Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Turkey_
3. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Turkey, United States Secretary of State_
4. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
5. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Turkey, United States Secretary of State_
6. [Hillary Clinton, former United States Secretary of State, announces that she is seeking the Democratic Party nomination for President in the 2016 election. ](/news/2015/04/12/hillary-clinton-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-she-is-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-for-president-in-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
7. [A woman is arrested after she throws a shoe at the head of former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she was giving a speech in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2014/04/11/a-woman-is-arrested-after-she-throws-a-shoe-at-the-head-of-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-as-she-was-giving-a-speec.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Turkey, United States Secretary of State_
9. [Former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton officially announces her support for same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/03/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-officially-announces-her-support-for-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
10. [Hillary Clinton steps down as United States Secretary of State; she is succeeded by Senator John Kerry. ](/news/2013/02/1/hillary-clinton-steps-down-as-united-states-secretary-of-state-she-is-succeeded-by-senator-john-kerry.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
