### [2011-06-24](/news/2011/06/24/index.md)

# Italian Mario Draghi is appointed as the next President of the European Central Bank, replacing Jean-Claude Trichet on November 1. 

EU&#x20;leaders&#x20;appointed&#x20;Italy&#x27;s&#x20;Mario&#x20;Draghi&#x20;&#x28;pictured&#x29;&#x20;as&#x20;the&#x20;next&#x20;president&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;European&#x20;Central&#x20;Bank&#x20;at&#x20;a&#x20;Brussels&#x20;summit&#x20;on&#x20;Friday.&#x20;Draghi&#x20;will&#x20;succeed&#x20;France&#x2019;s&#x20;Jean-Claude&#x20;Trichet&#x20;on&#x20;Nov&#x20;1.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110624-ecb-eurozone-mario-draghi-president-trichet-economy-europe-italy)

### Related:

1. [President of France Nicolas Sarkozy endorses Mario Draghi to become next President of the European Central Bank, to succeed Jean-Claude Trichet. ](/news/2011/04/27/president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-endorses-mario-draghi-to-become-next-president-of-the-european-central-bank-to-succeed-jean-claude-tric.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Jean-Claude Trichet, Mario Draghi, President_
2. [ European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet says that global economic growth in 2009 will be "substantially below" December 2008 forecasts. ](/news/2009/01/19/european-central-bank-president-jean-claude-trichet-says-that-global-economic-growth-in-2009-will-be-substantially-below-december-2008-fo.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Jean-Claude Trichet, President_
3. [Mario Draghi, head of the European Central Bank, tells the European parliament in prepared testimony that the outlook for inflation is "weakening." The comment was taken to suggest the ECB will soon take a more stimulative stance on interest rates or money quantity. ](/news/2015/11/12/mario-draghi-head-of-the-european-central-bank-tells-the-european-parliament-in-prepared-testimony-that-the-outlook-for-inflation-is-weak.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
4. [The president of the European Central Bank, Mario Draghi, says that the ECB is conscious of the dangers of too low a level of inflation and it has the weapons necessary to get back to the target rate. ](/news/2014/05/27/the-president-of-the-european-central-bank-mario-draghi-says-that-the-ecb-is-conscious-of-the-dangers-of-too-low-a-level-of-inflation-and.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
5. [Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, confirms the overhaul of euro banknotes, beginning with the EUR5 note. ](/news/2012/11/8/mario-draghi-president-of-the-european-central-bank-confirms-the-overhaul-of-euro-banknotes-beginning-with-the-a-5-note.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
6. [A group of Irish people are thrown out of the European Central Bank in Frankfurt after attempting to hand a letter of protest to the bank's president Mario Draghi. ](/news/2012/06/6/a-group-of-irish-people-are-thrown-out-of-the-european-central-bank-in-frankfurt-after-attempting-to-hand-a-letter-of-protest-to-the-bank-s.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Mario Draghi_
7. [The Bank of Italy says in a statement that the country's treasury will have to put up around 6.6 billion euros to rescue Monte dei Paschi given the European Central Bank's estimate of Monte dei Paschi's capital shortfall. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-bank-of-italy-says-in-a-statement-that-the-country-s-treasury-will-have-to-put-up-around-6-6-billion-euros-to-rescue-monte-dei-paschi-gi.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
8. [The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-regular-loans-for-the.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
9. [A member of the board of the Bundesbank in Germany says that the European Central Bank ought to crack down on the political practice, in EU's member states, by which banks that are no longer viable are nonetheless kept in business, as so-called Zombie banks. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-member-of-the-board-of-the-bundesbank-in-germany-says-that-the-european-central-bank-ought-to-crack-down-on-the-political-practice-in-eu.md) _Context: European Central Bank_
10. [ A painting, "Judith Beheading Holofernes", believed to be from Italian painter Caravaggio, is discovered in an attic in the French city of Toulouse. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-painting-judith-beheading-holofernes-believed-to-be-from-italian-painter-caravaggio-is-discovered-in-an-attic-in-the-french-city-of.md) _Context: Italian_
