### [2010-02-14](/news/2010/02/14/index.md)

# Rafiq Husseini, a top aide of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, is suspended following involvement in an alleged attempt to trade influence for sex. 

The footage of the aide, Rafiq Husseini, has sent shock waves through conservative Palestinian society since it was broadcast on Israeli TV earlier this week.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/35369092/ns/world_news-mideastn_africa/)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/feb/12/palestinian-president-aide-sex-scandal)
3. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=168623)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". ](/news/2016/09/8/newly-revealed-secret-information-decoded-from-documents-from-the-mitrokhin-archive-a-collection-of-handwritten-notes-by-kgb-archivist-vas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
5. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas resigns from the Executive Committee of the Palestinian Liberation Organisation along with 11 ministers to force an election. The last time there were elections in the Palestinian authority was in 2005. ](/news/2015/08/22/president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-resigns-from-the-executive-committee-of-the-palestinian-liberation-organisation-along-with.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [The Palestine Authority signs a treaty to join and participate in the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/01/1/the-palestine-authority-signs-a-treaty-to-join-and-participate-in-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Palestine Authority_
9. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas speaks of an offer suggested by an Egyptian official whom he didn't name, that implies Egypt donating 600 square miles of land in Sinai to be used as a solution to the problem of Palestinian refugees. Mahmoud Abbas said that he rejected that offer. ](/news/2014/09/3/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-speaks-of-an-offer-suggested-by-an-egyptian-official-whom-he-didn-t-name-that-implies-egypt-donating-60.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
