### [2007-01-23](/news/2007/01/23/index.md)

#  Israel's Ministry of Justice says it plans to charge Israeli President Moshe Katsav with rape and abuse of power. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6291345.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2007-01-23T204222Z_01_L2334752_RTRUKOC_0_US-ISRAEL-PRESIDENT.xml&WTmodLoc=IntNewsHome_C1_%5bFeed%5d-6)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Supreme Court upholds a seven-year rape sentence against former President Moshe Katsav. ](/news/2011/11/10/israel-s-supreme-court-upholds-a-seven-year-rape-sentence-against-former-president-moshe-katsav.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav_
2. [Former Israeli President Moshe Katsav is convicted of two counts of rape and other sexual offences by a court in Tel Aviv. ](/news/2010/12/30/former-israeli-president-moshe-katsav-is-convicted-of-two-counts-of-rape-and-other-sexual-offences-by-a-court-in-tel-aviv.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav_
3. [ Former Israeli President Moshe Katsav will be charged with rape and indecent assault. ](/news/2009/03/8/former-israeli-president-moshe-katsav-will-be-charged-with-rape-and-indecent-assault.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav_
4. [ The Attorney-General of Israel delivers a brief to the Supreme Court of Israel arguing that the President of Israel Moshe Katsav should stand aside pending a possible indictment for rape. ](/news/2006/10/29/the-attorney-general-of-israel-delivers-a-brief-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-arguing-that-the-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-should-sta.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav_
5. [ Israeli police recommend charging President Moshe Katsav with rape, sexual assault and fraud. The final decision on bringing charges is up to Attorney General Meni Mazuz.  ([http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/10/15/AR2006101500301.html The Washington Post])](/news/2006/10/15/israeli-police-recommend-charging-president-moshe-katsav-with-rape-sexual-assault-and-fraud-the-final-decision-on-bringing-charges-is-up.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav_
6. [ In Israel, president Moshe Katsav states that he is worried about a possible assassination plot against Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon. ](/news/2005/07/4/in-israel-president-moshe-katsav-states-that-he-is-worried-about-a-possible-assassination-plot-against-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-shar.md) _Context: Israel, Moshe Katsav_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
