### [2007-01-23](/news/2007/01/23/index.md)

#  One and Unified Revolt: Hezbollah-led protesters spark clashes with government loyalists in Lebanon, resulting in 3 deaths and 133 wounded. Opposition forces later call off the general strike they had held. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6288503.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6292945.stm)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/01/23/lebanon.protests.ap/index.html)
4. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2007-01-23T211002Z_01_L23452825_RTRUKOC_0_US-LEBANON-GOVERNMENT.xml&WTmodLoc=IntNewsHome_C1_%5bFeed%5d-2)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
2. [Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-tow.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
3. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
4. [Lebanese daily newspaper "As-Safir" ("The Ambassador" in Arabic) is to cease print and online operations after over 40 years, citing falling revenues and Lebanon's political environment and sectarian problems as reasons for its closure. The newspaper has close ties to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/03/24/lebanese-daily-newspaper-as-safir-the-ambassador-in-arabic-is-to-cease-print-and-online-operations-after-over-40-years-citing-falling.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
5. [The Gulf Cooperation Council formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain-ku.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
6. [The Arab League declares the Lebanon-based Shiite group Hezbollah a terrorist organization. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-arab-league-declares-the-lebanon-based-shiite-group-hezbollah-a-terrorist-organization.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
7. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
8. [Ashraf Rifi resigns as the Minister for Justice for Lebanon in protest at Hezbollah domination of the government which he claims is harming relations with Arab nations. ](/news/2016/02/21/ashraf-rifi-resigns-as-the-minister-for-justice-for-lebanon-in-protest-at-hezbollah-domination-of-the-government-which-he-claims-is-harming.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
9. [Bahrain says it has dismantled a terrorist cell allegedly linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Lebanon's Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/01/6/bahrain-says-it-has-dismantled-a-terrorist-cell-allegedly-linked-to-iran-s-revolutionary-guard-and-lebanon-s-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
10. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon_
