### [2007-01-23](/news/2007/01/23/index.md)

#  President of the United States George W. Bush delivers the 2007 State of the Union Address, in which he remains steadfast to his Iraq policies, but also reaches out to political opponents by proposing environmental and social reforms. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6291229.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/01/23/bush.sotu/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq War: Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/iraq-war-p-democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: Democrat, George W. Bush, president_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: Democrat, George W. Bush, president_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush delivers the State of the Union Address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress (the House of Representatives and the Senate).  Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/01/31/sheehan.arrest/index.html?section=cnn_topstories (CNN)] Also directed out of the U.S. Capitol Building was Beverly Young, wife of GOP congressman Bill Young, for wearing a T-shirt that read "Support the Troops: Defending Our Freedom" [http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/story?id=1567217&WNTad=true (ABC)].](/news/2006/01/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-delivers-the-state-of-the-union-address-to-a-joint-session-of-the-u-s-congress-the-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. presence in Iraq, president_
4. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Democrat, president_
5. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: Democrat, president_
6. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Democrat, president_
7. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, president_
8. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, president_
9. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Democrat, president_
10. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, president_
