### [2007-01-23](/news/2007/01/23/index.md)

#  Volodymyr Yelchenko, Ukraine's ambassador to Austria, is fired after he makes an unauthorized offer of a visa to Ukraine for exiled Turkmen opposition leader Hudayberdi Ozarow. Ozarow and opposition leader Nurmuhammet Hanamow allegedly visited Kiev last week and met with Ukrainian Transportation Minister Mykola Rudkovskiy, but this has been denied by several officials. 




### Source:

1. [RFE/RL](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2007/01/401839ac-b299-449b-9fd5-1ec51af5483d.html)

### Related:

1. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
2. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Austria, Ukrainian_
3. [Twenty-one organizers for the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev, Ukraine, resign en masse after claiming they were completely blocked from making decisions about the show. Despite the setback, the European Broadcasting Union insists that the event must go on. ](/news/2017/02/15/twenty-one-organizers-for-the-eurovision-song-contest-in-kiev-ukraine-resign-en-masse-after-claiming-they-were-completely-blocked-from-mak.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
5. [A fire at a home for elderly people near the Ukrainian capital Kiev kills at least 16 people. ](/news/2016/05/29/a-fire-at-a-home-for-elderly-people-near-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-kills-at-least-16-people.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
6. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij  Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found  on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to  the remains.  ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
7. [Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. ](/news/2016/01/18/ukraine-says-that-a-cyberattack-on-boryspil-international-airport-near-kiev-came-from-russian-computers.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
8. [The World Health Organization urges Ukraine's health ministry to declare a state of emergency due to a polio outbreak, a move meant to prompt more action from the government in Kiev. Half of Ukraine's children have not been vaccinated against polio, according to Dorit Nitzan, head of the WHO's office in Ukraine. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-world-health-organization-urges-ukraine-s-health-ministry-to-declare-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-a-polio-outbreak-a-move-meant-to-promp.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
9. [Minsk II implementationRiot police clash with protesters armed with firecrackers and petrol bombs outside the parliament building, in Kiev, Ukraine, leaving one national guardsman dead and around 100 people injured. ](/news/2015/08/31/minsk-ii-implementationpriot-police-clash-with-protesters-armed-with-firecrackers-and-petrol-bombs-outside-the-parliament-building-in-kiev.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
10. [  A rally of war veterans in Kiev calls for Ukraine to abandon the Minsk II ceasefire agreement and to declare war on pro-Russian separatists in the Donbass region. Despite two ceasefire agreements since September, combat operations, including the use of heavy artillery and ballistic missiles, never stopped. ](/news/2015/07/4/a-rally-of-war-veterans-in-kiev-calls-for-ukraine-to-abandon-the-minsk-ii-ceasefire-agreement-and-to-declare-war-on-pro-russian-separatist.md) _Context: Kiev, Ukrainian_
