### [2007-08-3](/news/2007/08/3/index.md)

#  George W. Bush invites representatives of the UN and major industrialized and developing countries to a conference to discuss a post-Kyoto agreement on greenhouse gas emissions. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSWBT00734620070803)

### Related:

1. [ President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao meets with U.S. President George W. Bush  at the United Nations during the Leaders' Gathering in honor of the 60th Anniversary of the UN's founding. ](/news/2005/09/13/president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-meets-with-u-s-president-george-w-bush-at-the-united-nations-during-the-leaders-g.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United Nations_
2. [North Korea is reactivating a plutonium producing nuclear power plant north of Pyongyang after removing United Nations seals on the reactor and degrading the capability of surveillance cameras. This same reactor is thought by U.S. officials as the source for plutonium for two previously produced atomic bombs. North Korea has been named by the George W. Bush Administration as part of the so-called "axis of evil".](/news/2002/12/26/north-korea-is-reactivating-a-plutonium-producing-nuclear-power-plant-north-of-pyongyang-after-removing-united-nations-seals-on-the-reactor.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua-luba-community-in-kasaa.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered  by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-arou.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations drop sanctions on Gulbuddin Hekmatyar after his Hezb-e Islami faction and the Afghan government reached a deal in September. Hekmatyar is granted immunity in exchange for his abandoning violence and supporting the Constitution of Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-united-nations-drop-sanctions-on-gulbuddin-hekmatyar-after-his-hezb-e-islami-faction-and-the-afghan-government-reached-a-deal-in-septemb.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations and various humanitarian groups call on the international community to help prevent a possible famine in Somalia as rising food prices and drought have left over six million people at risk of starvation. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-and-various-humanitarian-groups-call-on-the-international-community-to-help-prevent-a-possible-famine-in-somalia-as-risin.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Per the Afghan government's request, the United Nations drops sanctions against Hezb-e Islami party leader and former Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. This potentially sets up his return to Afghanistan, which is   part of the  country's peace deal with its second largest militant group, signed in September 2016. ](/news/2017/02/3/per-the-afghan-government-s-request-the-united-nations-drops-sanctions-against-hezb-e-islami-party-leader-and-former-prime-minister-gulbudd.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-state-south-sudan-with-1.md) _Context: United Nations_
