### [2010-07-12](/news/2010/07/12/index.md)

# A gunman opens fire at a fiber optics plant in Albuquerque, New Mexico, killing two and wounding four before committing suicide. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20100712/ap_on_re_us/us_office_shooting;_ylt=Ao0kbvQf72NABH_heBhImjpvzwcF;_ylu=X3oDMTJrMGxjMGtuBGFzc2V0A2FwLzIwMTAwNzEyL3VzX29mZmljZV9zaG9vdGluZwRjcG9zAzMEcG9zAzEyBHNlYwN5bl90b3Bfc3RvcnkEc2xrA3BvbGljZTNkZWFkNA--)

### Related:

1. [A 15-year-old male shoots and kills a family, with three children, at a house near Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States. A suspect is later apprehended. ](/news/2013/01/20/a-15-year-old-male-shoots-and-kills-a-family-with-three-children-at-a-house-near-albuquerque-new-mexico-united-states-a-suspect-is-late.md) _Context: Albuquerque, New Mexico, New Mexico_
2. [The Ronald Gardenswartz Jewish Community Center in Albuquerque, New Mexico is evacuated for the second time this year following a bomb threat, after a wave of threats against Jewish institutions in the United States. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-ronald-gardenswartz-jewish-community-center-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-is-evacuated-for-the-second-time-this-year-following-a-bomb-threa.md) _Context: Albuquerque, New Mexico_
3. [The pursuit of a car jacking suspect in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, leaves four police officers injured and hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/21/the-pursuit-of-a-car-jacking-suspect-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-united-states-leaves-four-police-officers-injured-and-hospitalized.md) _Context: Albuquerque, New Mexico_
4. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: New Mexico_
5. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: New Mexico_
6. [A Catholic and a Baptist church in Las Cruces, New Mexico are rocked by explosions at a mailbox and a trash can. ](/news/2015/08/2/a-catholic-and-a-baptist-church-in-las-cruces-new-mexico-are-rocked-by-explosions-at-a-mailbox-and-a-trash-can.md) _Context: New Mexico_
7. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: New Mexico_
8. [A federal judge in Albuquerque, New Mexico sentences an ex-Los Alamos physicist Pedro Leonardo Mascheroni, who pleaded guilty in 2013 to offering to spy on the US to help Venezuela develop a nuclear weapon, to five years imprisionment. ](/news/2015/01/28/a-federal-judge-in-albuquerque-new-mexico-sentences-an-ex-los-alamos-physicist-pedro-leonardo-mascheroni-who-pleaded-guilty-in-2013-to-off.md) _Context: New Mexico_
9. [District Attorney Kari Brandenburg of New Mexico's Second Judicial Circuit federally charges two Albuquerque Police Department officers with murder in the March 16, 2014 shooting death of James Boyd in Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S. ](/news/2015/01/12/district-attorney-kari-brandenburg-of-new-mexico-s-second-judicial-circuit-federally-charges-two-albuquerque-police-department-officers-with.md) _Context: Albuquerque, New Mexico_
10. [Renowned Japanese scientist Yoshiki Sasai commits suicide, after the discrediting of certain experimental results he supervised, regarding stem cells.  ](/news/2014/08/5/renowned-japanese-scientist-yoshiki-sasai-commits-suicide-after-the-discrediting-of-certain-experimental-results-he-supervised-regarding-s.md) _Context: suicide_
