### [2010-07-12](/news/2010/07/12/index.md)

# An Israeli military probe into the naval raid on the Gaza-bound flotilla praises the naval commandos who killed eight Turks and one Turkish-American but criticises poor Israeli intelligence that did not have a sufficient backup plan for its troops in the event that the Flotilla's passengers reacted violently to the raid. 

The killing of nine Turks in a raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla last month followed intelligence and planning &quot;mistakes&quot;, according to an Israel Defence Force (IDF)-commissioned report.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/07/201071332730827969.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10603486.stm)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jul/12/gaza-flotilla-report-israeli-military)
4. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/flotilla-deaths-were-a-mistake-says-idf-report-2025100.html)

### Related:

1. [Blockade of the Gaza Strip: A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
2. [Israel-Turkey relations: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israel-turkey-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
3. [A Palestinian sniper kills a Bedouin laborer who was repairing the Israeli fence surrounding Gaza; following this, the Israeli Military attacked targets in Gaza with airstrikes and ground forces, killing at least one Palestinian three-year-old child and wounding several others.](/news/2013/12/24/a-palestinian-sniper-kills-a-bedouin-laborer-who-was-repairing-the-israeli-fence-surrounding-gaza-following-this-the-israeli-military-atta.md) _Context: Israeli Military_
4. [Syrian civil war:: Israeli forces, in a second attack in as many days, bomb a weapons shipment of sophisticated missiles suspected as being transported from Syria to Hezbollah in Lebanon. ](/news/2013/05/4/syrian-civil-war-israeli-forces-in-a-second-attack-in-as-many-days-bomb-a-weapons-shipment-of-sophisticated-missiles-suspected-as-being.md) _Context: Israeli Military_
5. [Israel-Turkey relations:: Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-turkey-relations-israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-d.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
6. [Israel's State Comptroller criticises prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu's decision-making during the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2012/06/13/israel-s-state-comptroller-criticises-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-decision-making-during-the-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
7. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
8. [2010 Gaza flotilla raid:: Turkey expels Israel's ambassador and cancels all military agreements with Israel, hours before a UN report investigating the raid is published. ](/news/2011/09/2/2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-turkey-expels-israel-s-ambassador-and-cancels-all-military-agreements-with-israel-hours-before-a-un-report-invest.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
9. [Freedom Flotilla II: The international flotilla sets sail one year after the deadly raid on a previous flotilla by Israeli commandos in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/29/freedom-flotilla-ii-the-international-flotilla-sets-sail-one-year-after-the-deadly-raid-on-a-previous-flotilla-by-israeli-commandos-in-inte.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
10. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking alongside Silvio Berlusconi in Italy where he is rallying opposition to the possible recognition of a Palestinian state, expresses a wish for improved relations with Turkey after last year's killing of Turks by Israeli commandos during the Gaza flotilla raid in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2011/06/13/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-speaking-alongside-silvio-berlusconi-in-italy-where-he-is-rallying-opposition-to-the-possible-r.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid_
