### [2010-07-12](/news/2010/07/12/index.md)

# The UK Ministry of Defence unveils ''Taranis'', its new long-range unmanned plane intended to damage enemy territory. Tests are due to begin in 2011. 

The Ministry of Defence unveils its new prototype stealthy unmanned combat air vehicle as the first step towards pilotless strike aircraft.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/technology/10602105.stm)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-501465_162-20010296-501465.html)
3. [The Scotsman](http://news.scotsman.com/uk/Warcraft-MoD-unveils-its-stealthy.6415301.jp)
4. [The Sun](http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/campaigns/our_boys/3050749/Fearsome-new-fighting-machine.html?OTC-RSS&ATTR=Our+Boys)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
2. [The British Ministry of Defence suspends training flights in aircraft with ejector seats similar to that which killed a Red Arrows pilot on Tuesday. ](/news/2011/11/9/the-british-ministry-of-defence-suspends-training-flights-in-aircraft-with-ejector-seats-similar-to-that-which-killed-a-red-arrows-pilot-on.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
3. [ The British Ministry of Defence announces that Prince Harry will have to return home from his deployment in Afghanistan as recent publicity made it too dangerous for him to stay there. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-british-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-prince-harry-will-have-to-return-home-from-his-deployment-in-afghanistan-as-recent-publicity.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
4. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces plans to release their UFO files to the public, seven weeks after France's space agency CNES opened its UFO files to the public. ](/news/2007/05/3/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-plans-to-release-their-ufo-files-to-the-public-seven-weeks-after-france-s-space-agency.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
5. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces that HRH Prince Harry of the British Royal Family will not be deployed to Iraq as originally planned, due to the security risks to both himself and his regiment the Blues and Royals. ](/news/2007/05/16/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-hrh-prince-harry-of-the-british-royal-family-will-not-be-deployed-to-iraq-as-origin.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
6. [ The United Kingdom Ministry of Defence bans any more of the 15 Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines held captive by Iran from selling their stories to the media reversing a previous decision following widespread criticism. ](/news/2007/04/9/the-united-kingdom-ministry-of-defence-bans-any-more-of-the-15-royal-navy-sailors-and-royal-marines-held-captive-by-iran-from-selling-their.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
7. [In the United Kingdom, the Ministry of Defence's policy since this day is to allow homosexual men, lesbians and transgender personnel to join any of the British Armed Forces, and discrimination on a sexual orientation basis is forbidden. It is also forbidden for someone to pressure LGBT people to come out.](/news/2000/01/12/in-the-united-kingdom-the-ministry-of-defence-s-policy-since-this-day-is-to-allow-homosexual-men-lesbians-and-transgender-personnel-to-joi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
8. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
