### [2010-07-12](/news/2010/07/12/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court charges Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with three counts of genocide for his role in the Darfur conflict. 

The International Criminal Court (ICC) yesterday charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with three counts of genocide in Darfur – a move that piled further diplomatic pressure on his isolated regime and marked the first time the tribunal had issued genocide charges.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hpiBm2hapcPAx3oiNuiCHvKt042wD9GTHVSO1)
2. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/africa/2010/07/2010712141336556321.html)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10603559.stm)
4. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/category/world/view/international-criminal-court-charges-sudan-president-with-genocide)
5. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/darfur-genocide-charges--for-sudans-president-2025101.html)

### Related:

1. [Judges at the International Criminal Court rule that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir could face charges of genocide over the War in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/3/judges-at-the-international-criminal-court-rule-that-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-face-charges-of-genocide-over-the-war-in-darfur.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict, genocide_
2. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan, conflict_
3. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
4. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
5. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-om.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
6. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
7. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, genocide_
8. [The Sudanese government fires the special prosecutor for Darfur war crimes, in what the "Sudan Tribune" calls "an apparent bid to deflect the case of the International Criminal Court against President Omar al-Bashir". ](/news/2010/10/18/the-sudanese-government-fires-the-special-prosecutor-for-darfur-war-crimes-in-what-the-sudan-tribune-calls-an-apparent-bid-to-deflect-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict_
9. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
10. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict_
