### [2004-12-28](/news/2004/12/28/index.md)

#  Ukrainian presidential election: Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych challenges the result of the re-run of the presidential election and threatens to take the case to the Supreme Court. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4129347.stm)
2. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/ukraine/story/0,15569,1380269,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine suspends the decision of the Electoral Commission to declare Viktor Yanukovych the winner of the Ukrainian presidential election until the court has decided on the complaints brought by the other candidate, Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. ](/news/2010/02/17/the-supreme-administrative-court-of-ukraine-suspends-the-decision-of-the-electoral-commission-to-declare-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-of-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Supreme Administrative Court of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
2. [The Government of Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov easily survives a no-confidence motion amid continuing protest against the decision of Azarov and President Yanukovych to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. However, the Government is in danger of not surviving a similar motion tomorrow. ](/news/2013/12/3/the-government-of-prime-minister-of-ukraine-mykola-azarov-easily-survives-a-no-confidence-motion-amid-continuing-protest-against-the-decisio.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
3. [ President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych of Ukraine agree to a compromise, with early parliamentary elections to be held on September 30. ](/news/2007/05/27/president-viktor-yushchenko-and-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-of-ukraine-agree-to-a-compromise-with-early-parliamentary-elections-to-be.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
4. [ Preliminary results of the 2006 Ukrainian parliamentary election give former Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and his pro-Russian Party of Regions a narrow lead over the Yulia Tymoshenko Electoral Bloc, with President Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine Bloc trailing in third place. ](/news/2006/03/27/preliminary-results-of-the-2006-ukrainian-parliamentary-election-give-former-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-his-pro-russian-party-of.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
5. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". ](/news/2004/11/22/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-ukraine-s-electoral-commission-declares-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-opposition-leade.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
6. [The Verkhovna Rada appoints Volodmyr Groysman as the Prime Minister of Ukraine, replacing Arseny Yatseniuk. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-verkhovna-rada-appoints-volodmyr-groysman-as-the-prime-minister-of-ukraine-replacing-arseny-yatseniuk.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine_
7. [The Prime Minister of Ukraine Arseniy Yatsenyuk resigns from office in a televised address. Yatsenyuk said his resignation is to be immediately followed by the formation of a new government. Volodymyr Groysman has taken role as Acting Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-prime-minister-of-ukraine-arseniy-yatsenyuk-resigns-from-office-in-a-televised-address-yatsenyuk-said-his-resignation-is-to-be-immediat.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine_
8. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following-m.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine_
9. [The Parliament of Ukraine meets for the first time since recent elections with Arseniy Yatsenyuk expected to be confirmed as Prime Minister. ](/news/2014/11/27/the-parliament-of-ukraine-meets-for-the-first-time-since-recent-elections-with-arseniy-yatsenyuk-expected-to-be-confirmed-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine_
10. [The United States administration formally declares that it no longer recognizes Viktor Yanukovych as Ukraine's president as "his actions have undermined his legitimacy". ](/news/2014/02/25/the-united-states-administration-formally-declares-that-it-no-longer-recognizes-viktor-yanukovych-as-ukraineas-president-as-his-actions-h.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovych_
