### [2014-05-22](/news/2014/05/22/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:At least 11 Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and 30 injured when pro-Russian separatists attack a military checkpoint. 

Editor&#039;s Note: On May 11, the People&#039;s Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk declared their independence from Ukraine after holding dubious separatist referendums on the same day. Since then, the Ukrainian military has attempted to wrestle control of Luhansk and Donetsk Oblasts from Kremlin-backed rebels. The Ukrainian government in Kyiv is attempting to stablilize its eastern regions in anticipation of the May 25 presidential election, the country&#039;s first since the EuroMaidan Revolution toppled former President Viktor Yanukovych. &nbsp;


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Time](http://time.com/108683/ap-journalists-see-11-dead-at-ukraine-checkpoint/)
2. [Voice of Russia](http://voiceofrussia.com/news/2014_05_24/Donetsk-Lugansk-Peoples-Republics-unite-in-Novorossiya-1012/)
3. [Kyiv Post](https://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/ukrainian-servicement-killed-in-firefight-as-luhansk-peoples-republic-declares-martial-law-live-updates-348854.html)
4. [Ukrainian Policy](http://ukrainianpolicy.com/welcome-to-new-russia/)

### Related:

1. [Shots are fired at Kramatorsk air base as Ukrainian Ground Forces are dispatched to take on separatists. Unconfirmed reports state that 4 pro-Russian militants have been killed and 2 people have been injured. Some reports claim up to 10 deaths. ](/news/2014/04/15/shots-are-fired-at-kramatorsk-air-base-as-ukrainian-ground-forces-are-dispatched-to-take-on-separatists-unconfirmed-reports-state-that-4-pr.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Ukrainian Army_
2. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-eastern-ukraine-in-2014-by-a-buk-miss.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
3. [Three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed and eight more are injured around separatist-controlled Donetsk and government-controlled Mariupol by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2016/05/30/three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-eight-more-are-injured-around-separatist-controlled-donetsk-and-government-controlled-mariupol.md) _Context: Ukrainian Army_
4. [The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the-country-during.md) _Context: Ukrainian Army_
5. [Foreign ministers from members of NATO attend a summit in Belgium to discuss the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant insurgency. ](/news/2014/12/3/foreign-ministers-from-members-of-nato-attend-a-summit-in-belgium-to-discuss-the-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-islamic-state-in.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
6. [Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. ](/news/2014/12/22/kazakhstan-renews-its-military-cooperation-with-ukraine-to-which-it-promises-vital-supplies-of-coal-following-a-visit-to-kiev-by-the-kazak.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
7. [At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian-separatists.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pvoters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-respe.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
9. [Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-the-sidelines-of-the-asiaaeurope-mee.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The RIA Novosti news agency reports that Russian photojournalist Andrey Stenin has been found dead in Ukraine. It was discovered that he died 4 weeks ago. ](/news/2014/09/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-ria-novosti-news-agency-reports-that-russian-photojournalist-andrey-stenin-has-been-found-dead-in-uk.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
