### [2013-03-26](/news/2013/03/26/index.md)

# 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. 

The rebel leader whose fighters seized the capital of the Central African Republic says he is suspending the constitution and dissolving parliament.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21934433)

### Related:

1. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pr.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central African Republic, Michel Djotodia, Seleka_
2. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-p.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central African Republic, President of the Central African Republic_
3. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. All non-essential United Nations staff are removed from Central African Republic, as Seleka rebels move to within 75km of the capital, Bangui. ](/news/2013/03/23/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-all-non-essential-united-nations-staff-are-removed-from-central-african-republic-as-seleka-re.md) _Context: 2012-13 Central African Republic conflict, Central African Republic, Seleka_
4. [Central African constitutional referendum, 2015. Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence, 39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the legislature cannot participate. ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-constitutional-referendum-2015-central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the.md) _Context: Central African Republic, legislature_
5. [The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-transitional-national-assembly-of-the-central-african-republic-chooses-catherine-samba-panza-as-the-interim-president-making-her-the-co.md) _Context: Central African Republic, legislature_
6. [Central African Republic crisis. Amidst pressure for failing to resolve ongoing conflict, President of the Central African Republic Michel Djotodia resigns nine months after Seleka toppled Francois Bozize. Alexandre-Ferdinand Nguendet becomes acting president. ](/news/2014/01/10/central-african-republic-crisis-amidst-pressure-for-failing-to-resolve-ongoing-conflict-president-of-the-central-african-republic-michel-d.md) _Context: Michel Djotodia, President of the Central African Republic_
7. [The National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic elects Michel Djotodia as the President confirming a position he has held since a coup last month. ](/news/2013/04/13/the-national-transitional-council-of-the-central-african-republic-elects-michel-djotodia-as-the-president-confirming-a-position-he-has-held.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Michel Djotodia_
8. [2012-2013 Central African Republic rebellion:. South Africa announces it will send 400 more soldiers to the Central African Republic in an effort to assist the current regime, which faces a potential attack by the Seleka rebel coalition on the capital. ](/news/2013/01/6/2012-2013-central-african-republic-rebellion-south-africa-announces-it-will-send-400-more-soldiers-to-the-central-african-republic-in-an.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
9. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-rebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-frana.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President of the Central African Republic_
10. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-chad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Seleka_
