### [2013-03-26](/news/2013/03/26/index.md)

# Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. 

Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears in court at the Hague for the first time after surrendering to the International Criminal Court.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21933569)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/66610000/jpg/_66610164_66610163.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague, war crimes_
2. [M23 Movement leader Bosco Ntaganda surrenders himself at the U.S. Embassy in Kigali, having been wanted by the ICC since 2006 on war crimes charges. ](/news/2013/03/18/m23-movement-leader-bosco-ntaganda-surrenders-himself-at-the-u-s-embassy-in-kigali-having-been-wanted-by-the-icc-since-2006-on-war-crimes.md) _Context: Bosco Ntaganda, International Criminal Court, war crimes_
3. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, war crimes_
4. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
5. [Troops loyal to Bosco Ntaganda &ndash; who is wanted by the International Criminal Court &ndash; take two towns in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2012/04/30/troops-loyal-to-bosco-ntaganda-ndash-who-is-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-ndash-take-two-towns-in-eastern-democratic-republ.md) _Context: Bosco Ntaganda, Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
6. [Callixte Mbarushimana, the rebel leader accused of committing war crimes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is extradited from France to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/25/callixte-mbarushimana-the-rebel-leader-accused-of-committing-war-crimes-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-is-extradited-from-france.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
7. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
8. [The International Criminal Court orders the first accused at The Hague, Thomas Lubanga from the Democratic Republic of the Congo accused of allegedly recruiting child soldiers, be freed. ](/news/2010/07/15/the-international-criminal-court-orders-the-first-accused-at-the-hague-thomas-lubanga-from-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-accused-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
9. [ The trial of two Congolese militia leaders, Germain Katanga and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui, begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2009/11/24/the-trial-of-two-congolese-militia-leaders-germain-katanga-and-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-ha.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
10. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
