### [2013-03-26](/news/2013/03/26/index.md)

# Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. 

Former Labour Foreign Secretary David Miliband is to leave Parliament to move to New York to work for a charity, a close friend confirms to the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21947497)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: MP, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, U.S., United Kingdom_
2. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: MP, U.S., United Kingdom_
3. [ Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. ](/news/2009/02/23/member-of-parliament-peter-archer-s-report-into-the-united-kingdom-s-tainted-blood-scandal-chiefly-blames-united-states-pharmaceutical-comp.md) _Context: MP, U.S., United Kingdom_
4. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs David Miliband visit Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-david-mili.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
5. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, United Kingdom_
6. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C..  The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York's, U.S., United Kingdom_
7. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
8. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
9. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
10. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declining-security-situat.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
