### [2013-03-26](/news/2013/03/26/index.md)

# Leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa meet in Durban for the 2013 BRICS summit. 

Leaders from the five Brics nations - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - are in Durban for their first meeting in Africa.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21923874)

### Related:

1. [The leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa meet in New Delhi, India, for the 2012 BRICS summit. ](/news/2012/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-russia-india-china-and-south-africa-meet-in-new-delhi-india-for-the-2012-brics-summit.md) _Context: Brazil, China, India, Russia, South Africa_
2. [Leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa attend a BRICS summit in Sanya in China's Hainan Province. ](/news/2011/04/14/leaders-of-brazil-russia-india-china-and-south-africa-attend-a-brics-summit-in-sanya-in-china-s-hainan-province.md) _Context: Brazil, China, India, Russia, South Africa_
3. [ Russia and Brazil call for the first BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, China) summit of major emerging market countries in Russia to respond to the financial crisis in 2009. ](/news/2008/11/27/russia-and-brazil-call-for-the-first-bric-brazil-russia-india-china-summit-of-major-emerging-market-countries-in-russia-to-respond-to.md) _Context: Brazil, India, Russia_
4. [ Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. ](/news/2007/07/7/live-earth-gets-underway-with-concerts-in-australia-the-united-states-germany-south-africa-the-united-kingdom-brazil-japan-and-china.md) _Context: Brazil, China, South Africa_
5. [ The G8 countries, plus Brazil, China, India, Mexico and South Africa, approve the 'Washington Declaration,' proposing a global Carbon emissions trading system to replace the Kyoto Protocol by 2009. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-g8-countries-plus-brazil-china-india-mexico-and-south-africa-approve-the-washington-declaration-proposing-a-global-carbon-emiss.md) _Context: Brazil, India, South Africa_
6. [ The foreign ministers of China, India and Russia meet in New Delhi, India to discuss greater cooperation between the three Asian countries on issues including terrorism, drug trafficking and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/14/the-foreign-ministers-of-china-india-and-russia-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-discuss-greater-cooperation-between-the-three-asian-countries.md) _Context: China, India, Russia_
7. [2017 China-India border standoff. India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China, India_
8. [2017 Doklam crisis. Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: China, India_
9. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: China, India_
10. [China-India relations. Bhutan-China relations. Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via "India Today" urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. "[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]"](/news/2017/07/3/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a.md) _Context: China, India_
