### [2004-06-29](/news/2004/06/29/index.md)

#  Albertan MLA Gary Masyk blames Premier Ralph Klein for causing the defeat of the Conservative Party of Canada in the 2004 federal election, and leaves the Progressive Conservative Party for the newly formed Alberta Alliance.




### Related:

1. [ Ed Stelmach is elected leader of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta and will become the next premier of Alberta, replacing outgoing leader Ralph Klein and defeating competitors Jim Dinning and Ted Morton. ](/news/2006/12/2/ed-stelmach-is-elected-leader-of-the-progressive-conservative-association-of-alberta-and-will-become-the-next-premier-of-alberta-replacing.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party, Ralph Klein_
2. [Alberta general election, 2015: Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls with the New Democratic Party, led by Rachel Notley, winning a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly for the first time ever. The Progressive Conservative Party, which had ruled for more than 40 years, not only loses its majority, but also finishes behind the Wildrose Party. ](/news/2015/05/5/alberta-general-election-2015-voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-with-the-new-democratic-party-led-by-rachel-notl.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
3. [Former Premier of Alberta Ralph Klein dies in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, at the age of 70. ](/news/2013/03/29/former-premier-of-alberta-ralph-klein-dies-in-calgary-alberta-canada-at-the-age-of-70.md) _Context: Alberta, Ralph Klein_
4. [Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls for a general election with the incumbent Progressive Conservatives being reelected. ](/news/2012/04/23/voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-incumbent-progressive-conservatives-being-reelect.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
5. [Alison Redford of the Progressive Conservatives is sworn in as the first female Premier of the Canadian province of Alberta. ](/news/2011/10/7/alison-redford-of-the-progressive-conservatives-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-premier-of-the-canadian-province-of-alberta.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
6. [ Albertans go to the polls in a provincial general election, electing an eleventh straight Progressive Conservative government. ](/news/2008/03/3/albertans-go-to-the-polls-in-a-provincial-general-election-electing-an-eleventh-straight-progressive-conservative-government.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
7. [ Albertan Premier Ralph Klein announces that the province has completed repayment of its public debt, which once stood at CAD $23 billion. ](/news/2004/07/12/albertan-premier-ralph-klein-announces-that-the-province-has-completed-repayment-of-its-public-debt-which-once-stood-at-cad-23-billion.md) _Context: Alberta, Ralph Klein_
8. [ In an open letter, Ralph Nader warns Canadians against voting for the Conservative Party in the federal election on June 28, 2004. ](/news/2004/06/25/in-an-open-letter-ralph-nader-warns-canadians-against-voting-for-the-conservative-party-in-the-federal-election-on-june-28-2004.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Conservative Party's_
9. [2004 Canadian Federal Election: Belinda Stronach officially announces her run for leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. [http://www.thestar.ca/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1074596565057&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154]](/news/2004/01/20/2004-canadian-federal-election-belinda-stronach-officially-announces-her-run-for-leadership-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-http-ww.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Conservative Party's_
10. [ Canadian federal election, 2004: Former Ontario Health Minister Tony Clement declares his candidacy for the leadership of the Conservative Party of Canada. Also confirmed is the candidacy of auto parts magnate Belinda Stronach, who will announce her entry into the leadership race next week.](/news/2004/01/15/canadian-federal-election-2004-former-ontario-health-minister-tony-clement-declares-his-candidacy-for-the-leadership-of-the-conservative.md) _Context: 2004 federal election, Conservative Party's_
