### [2004-06-29](/news/2004/06/29/index.md)

#  The United States Supreme Court rules 5-4 in "Ashcroft v. ACLU" that the Child Online Protection Act is likely in violation of the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech. The case will be reheard at a lower court. 

The Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that a law meant to punish pornographers who peddle dirty pictures to Web-surfing kids is probably an unconstitutional muzzle on free speech.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5324463/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Video/040629/nn_pwms_scotus_040629.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit rules against a First Amendment free speech challenge to a regulation by the Food and Drug Administration requiring that tobacco companies put graphic images on their cigarette packaging. The imagery is designed to discourage smoking. ](/news/2012/03/19/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-sixth-circuit-rules-against-a-first-amendment-free-speech-challenge-to-a-regulation-by-the-food-a.md) _Context: First Amendment, free speech_
2. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: First Amendment_
3. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: First Amendment_
4. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors. Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in "Montgomery v. Louisiana" (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under "Miller v. Alabama" (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-con.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [In a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court declares state bans on same-sex marriage unconstitutional and effectively legalizes it across the United States. ](/news/2015/06/26/in-a-5-4-decision-the-united-states-supreme-court-declares-state-bans-on-same-sex-marriage-unconstitutional-and-effectively-legalizes-it-ac.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency rules that anti-Muslim advertisements placed on Muni buses must be permitted because of freedom of speech. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-san-francisco-municipal-transportation-agency-rules-that-anti-muslim-advertisements-placed-on-muni-buses-must-be-permitted-because-of-fr.md) _Context: First Amendment_
9. [The legality of private gambling is taken before the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2014/02/17/the-legality-of-private-gambling-is-taken-before-the-united-states-supreme-court.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [United States Supreme Court associate justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg turns down a stay to block the December 9 American Airlines/US Airways merger. ](/news/2013/12/7/united-states-supreme-court-associate-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-turns-down-a-stay-to-block-the-december-9-american-airlines-us-airways-mer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
