### [2004-02-11](/news/2004/02/11/index.md)

#  A Black Hawk helicopter has reportedly crashed near Amberley air force base, Mount Walker, Australia, with at least five seriously injured.




### Related:

1. [A UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter reportedly crashed in Afghanistan, killing all four on board. ](/news/2012/04/19/a-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-reportedly-crashed-in-afghanistan-killing-all-four-on-board.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
2. [ An investigation into the crash of a Black Hawk helicopter on HMAS "Kanimbla" that killed two concludes excessive loading on the engine caused it to lose power. ](/news/2008/06/29/an-investigation-into-the-crash-of-a-black-hawk-helicopter-on-hmas-kanimbla-that-killed-two-concludes-excessive-loading-on-the-engine-cau.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
3. [ A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes in Santa Lucia di Piave, Italy, killing four people and injuring six. ](/news/2007/11/8/a-united-states-army-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-in-santa-lucia-di-piave-italy-killing-four-people-and-injuring-six.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
4. [ Hurricane Katrina: Louisiana National Guard officials say repeated news reports by CNN on September 1, 2005 that shots were fired at a UH-60 Black Hawk military helicopter at the Louisiana Superdome were false. ](/news/2005/10/6/hurricane-katrina-louisiana-national-guard-officials-say-repeated-news-reports-by-cnn-on-september-1-2005-that-shots-were-fired-at-a-uh-6.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: Nine United States soldiers are reported killed after a Black Hawk helicopter makes an emergency landing near the central Iraqi town of Falluja.](/news/2004/01/8/occupation-of-iraq-nine-united-states-soldiers-are-reported-killed-after-a-black-hawk-helicopter-makes-an-emergency-landing-near-the-centr.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
6. [ Turkey announces it will not send troops to Iraq. With the Turkish announcement, there are 24,000 non-American troops in Iraq, but almost half of them are British. Jessica Lynch accuses the US military of manipulating news about her capture, treatment and release for propaganda purposes. She also states that she has no memory of the supposed anal rape which a former "New York Times" reporter claims in a book that she was subjected to. United States Army Black Hawk helicopter crashes near Tikrit. Six soldiers are killed. All of the dead are from the 101st Airborne. It is unknown if the craft went down because of mechanical failure or hostile fire. Reportedly, a military source says it may have been hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. 57% of Poles oppose the mission in Iraq as the first Polish soldier dies. Vietnam War vets comment on the worrisome parallels between Vietnam and Iraq.](/news/2003/11/7/turkey-announces-it-will-not-send-troops-to-iraq-with-the-turkish-announcement-there-are-24-000-non-american-troops-in-iraq-but-almost-h.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
7. [ Iraq's Governing Council announces that sovereignty is to be restored to Iraq in June 2004, with full elections to be held in 2005. Two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters crash near Mosul in northern Iraq. Reports suggest one helicopter was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade and it then collided with the other helicopter. Latest reports suggest seventeen dead and five injured. One U.S. soldier is killed and two are injured in a roadside blast in northern Baghdad.](/news/2003/11/15/iraq-s-governing-council-announces-that-sovereignty-is-to-be-restored-to-iraq-in-june-2004-with-full-elections-to-be-held-in-2005-two-u-s.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: A US Blackhawk helicopter is brought down near Tikrit by Iraqi militants. The Daily Star Lebanon reports that the US is effectively plundering Iraq following the occupation. The daily average of attacks on US troops rises and reaches about 25-26 per day. 100,000 march against the occupation of Iraq in Washington DC.](/news/2003/10/25/occupation-of-iraq-a-us-blackhawk-helicopter-is-brought-down-near-tikrit-by-iraqi-militants-the-daily-star-lebanon-reports-that-the-us-is.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
