### [2004-02-11](/news/2004/02/11/index.md)

#  French prosecutors reveal that a money-laundering probe into the transfers of millions of dollars to accounts held by the wife of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was opened in October 2003. The probe was opened after discovering that nearly $1.27 million is transferred with some regularity from Switzerland to Mrs. Arafat's accounts in Paris. Tracfin, an organization that collates information about money laundering, detected the movements of funds.




### Related:

1. [A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-his-wife-nadine-heredia-for-alleged-money.md) _Context: money laundering_
2. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: money laundering_
3. [Former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is charged with money laundering. ](/news/2016/03/9/former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-is-charged-with-money-laundering.md) _Context: money laundering_
4. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: money laundering_
5. [A French probe into the death of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in 2004 closes without bringing any new information. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-french-probe-into-the-death-of-former-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-in-2004-closes-without-bringing-any-new-information.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat_
6. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund. ](/news/2015/09/19/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereign.md) _Context: money laundering_
7. [Authorities charge New Mexico Secretary of State Dianna Duran with 64 counts including fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering. ](/news/2015/08/28/authorities-charge-new-mexico-secretary-of-state-dianna-duran-with-64-counts-including-fraud-embezzlement-and-money-laundering.md) _Context: money laundering_
8. [A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-manhattan-federal-court-convicts-ross-ulbricht-aka-dread-pirate-roberts-the-owner-of-the-silk-road-deep-web-illicit-products-website.md) _Context: money laundering_
9. [Portuguese police arrest the ex-prime minister of Portugal, Jose Socrates. They accuse him of corruption, fiscal fraud, and money laundering. ](/news/2014/11/25/portuguese-police-arrest-the-ex-prime-minister-of-portugal-josa-c-socrates-they-accuse-him-of-corruption-fiscal-fraud-and-money-launderin.md) _Context: money laundering_
10. [Russian billionaire Vladimir Yevtushenkov is placed under house arrest for alleged money laundering. ](/news/2014/09/16/russian-billionaire-vladimir-yevtushenkov-is-placed-under-house-arrest-for-alleged-money-laundering.md) _Context: money laundering_
