### [2004-02-11](/news/2004/02/11/index.md)

#  Richard Desmond, the owner of Britain's "Daily Express" and "Daily Star" newspapers, confirms that he has made a bid for the troubled "Daily Telegraph".




### Related:

1. [The "Irish Daily Star" becomes the second tabloid newspaper to publish topless photographs of Kate Middleton, prompting media boss Richard Desmond to close down the joint venture between Independent News and Media and his Northern and Shell group that published the paper. ](/news/2012/09/15/the-irish-daily-star-becomes-the-second-tabloid-newspaper-to-publish-topless-photographs-of-kate-middleton-prompting-media-boss-richard-d.md) _Context: Richard Desmond_
2. [Following the decision of "Irish Daily Star" editor Michael O'Kane to publish topless photographs of The Duchess of Cambridge, Northern & Shell chairman Richard Desmond immediately closes down his joint venture with the tabloid. ](/news/2012/09/15/following-the-decision-of-irish-daily-star-editor-michael-o-kane-to-publish-topless-photographs-of-the-duchess-of-cambridge-northern-sh.md) _Context: Richard Desmond_
3. [Turkish hackers gain access to the websites of several companies, including Vodafone, the "Daily Telegraph" and UPS, redirecting visitors to a site set up by the group. ](/news/2011/09/5/turkish-hackers-gain-access-to-the-websites-of-several-companies-including-vodafone-the-daily-telegraph-and-ups-redirecting-visitors-to.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
4. [The British Press Complaints Commission has ruled that the "Daily Telegraph" breached rules on the use of subterfuge when it sent reporters to secretly tape Liberal Democrat ministers, including Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, late last year. ](/news/2011/05/10/the-british-press-complaints-commission-has-ruled-that-the-daily-telegraph-breached-rules-on-the-use-of-subterfuge-when-it-sent-reporters.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
5. [The "Daily Telegraph" publishes further details of taped conversations with Liberal Democrat MPs, which include comments that British Prime Minister David Cameron cannot be trusted and Chancellor George Osborne has "a capacity to get up one's nose". ](/news/2010/12/23/the-daily-telegraph-publishes-further-details-of-taped-conversations-with-liberal-democrat-mps-which-include-comments-that-british-prime.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
6. [ Police in riot gear surround a hotel in Harare housing foreign journalists. New York Times correspondent Barry Bearak, Daily Telegraph correspondent Stephen Bevan, and two others are arrested. ](/news/2008/04/3/police-in-riot-gear-surround-a-hotel-in-harare-housing-foreign-journalists-new-york-times-correspondent-barry-bearak-daily-telegraph-corr.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
7. [British Member of Parliament and anti-war activist George Galloway wins his libel case against the "Daily Telegraph", which during the invasion of Iraq had published a story suggesting that Galloway had been in the pay of Saddam Hussein. ](/news/2004/12/2/british-member-of-parliament-and-anti-war-activist-george-galloway-wins-his-libel-case-against-the-daily-telegraph-which-during-the-invas.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
8. [ The "Daily Telegraph" in the United Kingdom claims attempts by the British Ministry of Defence (MoD) to destroy allegedly important documents about its treatment of BBC source Dr. David Kelly in the weeks before his suicide were foiled by a security guard, who found the documents scheduled for destruction and called the police. The MoD insists the documents were not that important but will now be preserved and supplied to the Hutton Inquiry into the Kelly case.](/news/2003/08/2/the-daily-telegraph-in-the-united-kingdom-claims-attempts-by-the-british-ministry-of-defence-mod-to-destroy-allegedly-important-documen.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
