### [2004-02-11](/news/2004/02/11/index.md)

#  U.S. Presidential Election, 2004: Retired General Wesley Clark officially announces his departure from the race.




### Related:

1. [Former British soldier turned singer-songwriter James Blunt claims that he stopped what he believed would be World War III by disobeying a direct order for his troops to attack Russian soldiers given by American General Wesley Clark while he was in Kosovo with NATO in 1999. ](/news/2010/11/14/former-british-soldier-turned-singer-songwriter-james-blunt-claims-that-he-stopped-what-he-believed-would-be-world-war-iii-by-disobeying-a-d.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
2. [ 2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry wins the Democratic caucus in Maine with 45 percent of the vote. Howard Dean comes in second place with 27 percent, with Dennis Kucinich (16 percent), John Edwards (8 percent), and Wesley Clark (4 percent) trailing.](/news/2004/02/8/2004-democratic-presidential-primaries-john-kerry-wins-the-democratic-caucus-in-maine-with-45-percent-of-the-vote-howard-dean-comes-in-se.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
3. [ U.S. Presidential Election, 2004: In the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, Senator John Kerry wins the caucuses in Michigan and Washington.](/news/2004/02/7/u-s-presidential-election-2004-in-the-race-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-senator-john-kerry-wins-the-caucuses-in-michigan.md) _Context: Democratic presidential nomination_
4. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
5. [ Democratic presidential nomination: Wisconsin held its primary election. John Kerry got 40% of the vote, followed by John Edwards with 34%, and Howard Dean with 18%.](/news/2004/02/17/democratic-presidential-nomination-wisconsin-held-its-primary-election-john-kerry-got-40-of-the-vote-followed-by-john-edwards-with-34.md) _Context: Democratic presidential nomination_
6. [ Democratic presidential nomination: Former Democratic candidate for the U.S. presidency Gen. Wesley K. Clark endorses current Democratic favorite Senator John Kerry.](/news/2004/02/13/democratic-presidential-nomination-former-democratic-candidate-for-the-u-s-presidency-gen-wesley-k-clark-endorses-current-democratic-fa.md) _Context: Democratic presidential nomination_
7. [ Retired Gen. Wesley Clark presented 4,000 petition signatures to qualify for South Carolina's Democratic presidential primary ballot today. He's the second of the nine candidates for the Democratic nomination to file for the February 3 ballot. Campaign workers for Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts gave the state Democratic Party a check for $2,500 last week to qualify.](/news/2003/12/21/retired-gen-wesley-clark-presented-4-000-petition-signatures-to-qualify-for-south-carolina-s-democratic-presidential-primary-ballot-today.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
8. [ Wesley Clark concludes his first day of closed-door testimony against Slobodan Milosevic at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia. [http://edition.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/europe/12/15/hague.tribunal.clark.reut/index.html]](/news/2003/12/15/wesley-clark-concludes-his-first-day-of-closed-door-testimony-against-slobodan-miloa-evia-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-f.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
9. [ General Wesley Clark suggests that members of the Bush administration may be liable to criminal charges in connection with the Iraq war. Clark alleges that the plans for the 2003 invasion of Iraq, and other interventions in the Middle East (possibly including Lebanon and Syria), pre-dated the inauguration of the President and that the reasons for the war were misleadingly presented to the US people.](/news/2003/10/3/general-wesley-clark-suggests-that-members-of-the-bush-administration-may-be-liable-to-criminal-charges-in-connection-with-the-iraq-war-cl.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
10. [ Retired United States Army General Wesley Clark announces that he is seeking the nomination of the Democratic Party for the 2004 presidential election, making him the tenth candidate to enter the race. Howard Dean had earlier expressed hopes that Clark would join him as a vice-presidential running mate.](/news/2003/09/17/retired-united-states-army-general-wesley-clark-announces-that-he-is-seeking-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-for-the-2004-presidenti.md) _Context: Wesley Clark_
