### [2006-11-15](/news/2006/11/15/index.md)

#  An earthquake measuring 8.1 on the Richter scale occurs at 11:14:19 UTC on the Pacific Ocean seafloor with an epicentre 390 kilometres (244 miles) east of Etorofu island (latitude 46.7 North, longitude 153.5 East). Tsunami warnings and watches are issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center and the East Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center. After expectations of a tsunami at least 2 metres (6 feet) high, the largest wave to hit Hokkaido measures only 40 centimetres (16 inches).




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/6150538.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/asiapcf/11/15/japan.tsunami.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [2013 Solomon Islands earthquake:A tsunami warning is issued for a wide range of islands in the South Pacific after a magnitude 8.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2013/02/6/2013-solomon-islands-earthquake-pa-tsunami-warning-is-issued-for-a-wide-range-of-islands-in-the-south-pacific-after-a-magnitude-8-0-earthqua.md) _Context: North Pacific Ocean, magnitude, tsunami_
2. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: North Pacific Ocean, tsunami_
3. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: North Pacific Ocean, Pacific Tsunami Warning Center_
4. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
5. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, tsunami_
6. [An earthquake measuring 8.3 on the Richter scale occurs in the Pacific Ocean near Chile sparking a tsunami warning. At least five people die. ](/news/2015/09/16/an-earthquake-measuring-8-3-on-the-richter-scale-occurs-in-the-pacific-ocean-near-chile-sparking-a-tsunami-warning-at-least-five-people-die.md) _Context: North Pacific Ocean, tsunami_
7. [A 7.4 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with a tsunami warning issued for the Pacific Ocean coasts of El Salvador, Nicaragua and Honduras. ](/news/2014/10/13/a-7-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued-for-the-pacific-ocean-coasts-of-el-salvador-ni.md) _Context: North Pacific Ocean, tsunami_
8. [An 8.2 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Pacific Ocean near Chile causing landslides and killing at least five people. A tsunami warning is issued. ](/news/2014/04/1/an-8-2-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-pacific-ocean-near-chile-causing-landslides-and-killing-at-least-five-people-a-tsunami-warning-is.md) _Context: North Pacific Ocean, tsunami_
9. [2013 Solomon Islands earthquake: The death toll from a magnitude 8.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami in the Solomon Islands rises to nine, while government officials express fear regarding remote areas where emergency personnel are arriving. ](/news/2013/02/7/2013-solomon-islands-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-and-subsequent-tsunami-in-the-solomon-islands-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
10. [A strong earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurs off the coast of Japan near the city of Kamaishi, prompting the Japan Meteorological Agency to issue a tsunami warning. 10 people are taken to hospital with injuries, no fatalities reported. ](/news/2012/12/7/a-strong-earthquake-of-magnitude-7-3-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-near-the-city-of-kamaishi-prompting-the-japan-meteorological-agency-to-i.md) _Context: magnitude, tsunami_
