### [2006-11-15](/news/2006/11/15/index.md)

#  Joseph Kabila wins the presidential run-off election in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with 58% of the vote according to the electoral commission. His opponent Jean-Pierre Bemba claims that there were widespread instances of fraud. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6151598.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Joseph Kabila and Jean-Pierre Bemba face-off in the presidential run-off election in Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2006/10/28/joseph-kabila-and-jean-pierre-bemba-face-off-in-the-presidential-run-off-election-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
2. [ With nearly all votes counted, the presidential election in the Democratic Republic of Congo heads toward a run-off election after neither candidate wins a fifty percent majority. Full provisional results show Joseph Kabila with 44.81 percent of the vote, to Jean-Pierre Bemba's 20.03 percent. There have been reports of automatic gunfire, and MLC representatives accused Kabila's Republican Guard of killing one of its men and injuring three policemen. ](/news/2006/08/20/with-nearly-all-votes-counted-the-presidential-election-in-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-heads-toward-a-run-off-election-after-neither.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
3. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
4. [December 2016 Congolese protests. Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/december-2016-congolese-protests-clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-jose.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
5. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
6. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
7. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
8. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
9. [Activists from the Enough Project reveal through "The Guardian" newspaper that Omar al-Bashir's Sudan and Joseph Kabila's DR Congo together received 2.4 million pound sterling (around USD 4 million) in British military aid, in the last five years alone. ](/news/2012/09/25/activists-from-the-enough-project-reveal-through-the-guardian-newspaper-that-omar-al-bashir-s-sudan-and-joseph-kabila-s-dr-congo-together.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
10. [A senior aide to the President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila, is killed, and the Finance Minister Matata Ponyo Mapon is injured in a plane crash near the town of Bukavu. ](/news/2012/02/12/a-senior-aide-to-the-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-joseph-kabila-is-killed-and-the-finance-minister-matata-ponyo-mapo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
