### [2006-11-15](/news/2006/11/15/index.md)

#  Senator Mitch McConnell becomes the leader of the Republicans in the United States Senate. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=politicsNews&storyID=2006-11-15T152311Z_01_N15425334_RTRUKOC_0_US-USA-CONGRESS-LEADERS.xml&WTmodLoc=NewsHome-C3-politicsNews-2)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
2. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
3. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
4. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
5. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
6. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
7. [Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
8. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell, Republican_
9. [South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-during-his-campaign-he-has-failed.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
10. [Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winner-of-the-october-24-open-primary-is-elected-governor-of-louisiana-over.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
