### [2007-09-25](/news/2007/09/25/index.md)

#  Warren Jeffs, leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, is found guilty of two counts of rape in the U.S. state of Utah.  




### Source:

1. [Fox](http://www.myfoxutah.com/myfox/pages/News/Detail?contentId=4456432&version=6&locale=EN-US&layoutCode=TSTY&pageId=3.2.)

### Related:

1. [Warren Jeffs, former leader of the FLDS Church and formerly on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, is sentenced to life in prison plus 20 years for a conviction on child sexual assault charges. ](/news/2011/08/9/warren-jeffs-former-leader-of-the-flds-church-and-formerly-on-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-plus-2.md) _Context: FLDS Church, Warren Jeffs_
2. [ Warren Jeffs, the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, is sentenced to five years to life in jail for complicity in rape. ](/news/2007/11/20/warren-jeffs-the-leader-of-the-fundamentalist-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-is-sentenced-to-five-years-to-life-in-jail-for.md) _Context: FLDS Church, Warren Jeffs_
3. [ Warren Jeffs waives his extradition hearing, and will be extradited to Washington County, Utah, where he will first face charges as an accomplice to bigamy and rape in arranging polygamous marriages between older men and underage girls.  He also faces similar charges in Arizona, and federal charges in connection with his flight from justice. ](/news/2006/08/31/warren-jeffs-waives-his-extradition-hearing-and-will-be-extradited-to-washington-county-utah-where-he-will-first-face-charges-as-an-acco.md) _Context: Utah, Warren Jeffs_
4. [With a turnout of 23% eligible voters, 97% of the voters in Puerto Rico request that the island become a U.S. state. ](/news/2017/06/11/with-a-turnout-of-23-eligible-voters-97-of-the-voters-in-puerto-rico-request-that-the-island-become-a-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
5. [Utah representative Jason Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight Committee, announces that he will not run for re-election next year. ](/news/2017/04/19/utah-representative-jason-chaffetz-chairman-of-the-house-oversight-committee-announces-that-he-will-not-run-for-re-election-next-year.md) _Context: Utah_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the Bears Ears in Utah and Gold Butte area of Nevada as National Monuments. Both are known for the presence of Native American populations and archaeological sites. ](/news/2016/12/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-bears-ears-in-utah-and-gold-butte-area-of-nevada-as-national-monuments-both-are-known-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Utah_
7. [The death of an elderly Utah woman  with a Zika virus infection in late June is the first reported Zika-related death in the continental United States. The woman had traveled to an area where Zika is spreading. The exact cause of death has not been determined; the lady had an underlying medical condition. ](/news/2016/07/8/the-death-of-an-elderly-utah-woman-with-a-zika-virus-infection-in-late-june-is-the-first-reported-zika-related-death-in-the-continental-uni.md) _Context: Utah_
8. [ A new species of horned dinosaur, ''Machairoceratops cronusi'',  thought to have lived about 77 million years ago, is discovered in southern Utah. ](/news/2016/05/19/a-new-species-of-horned-dinosaur-machairoceratops-cronusi-thought-to-have-lived-about-77-million-years-ago-is-discovered-in-souther.md) _Context: Utah_
9. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: Utah_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Utah_
