### [2017-02-11](/news/2017/02/11/index.md)

# Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. 

At least seven killed during demonstration by Muqtada al-Sadr loyalists demanding overhaul of Iraq&#39;s electoral system.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/02/protesters-killed-violence-grips-baghdad-rally-170211140644671.html)

### Related:

1. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shi'ite_
2. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
3. [Tens of thousands of people, mostly Shi'ites, take to the streets of Baghdad, Iraq in a protest calling for Parliament to vote on a cabinet reshuffle. The protest was called for by powerful Shi'te Muslim critic Muqtada al-Sadr. The proposed cabinet reshuffle is aimed at fighting corruption in the midst of divisions between lawmakers that have hampered the work of the government. ](/news/2016/04/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-mostly-shi-ites-take-to-the-streets-of-baghdad-iraq-in-a-protest-calling-for-parliament-to-vote-on-a-cabinet.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
4. [A suicide bomber detonates his vest inside of a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, Iraq, killing 13 people. ](/news/2014/08/25/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-his-vest-inside-of-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-13-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shi'ite_
5. [Iraqi Shia Muslim leader Muqtada al-Sadr urges a rejection of violence and peaceful resistance against the country's "occupiers" in his first public address since his return from exile. ](/news/2011/01/8/iraqi-shia-muslim-leader-muqtada-al-sadr-urges-a-rejection-of-violence-and-peaceful-resistance-against-the-country-s-occupiers-in-his-firs.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shi'ite_
6. [ 28 people are killed in Iraq after bombs explode at Shiite mosques in Baghdad. ](/news/2009/07/31/28-people-are-killed-in-iraq-after-bombs-explode-at-shiite-mosques-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shi'ite_
7. [ A suicide bombing outside a Shia shrine in northern Baghdad, Iraq, kills at least 40 people and wounds at least 72. ](/news/2009/01/4/a-suicide-bombing-outside-a-shia-shrine-in-northern-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-40-people-and-wounds-at-least-72.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shi'ite_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: A peace agreement is reached in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City between the Iraqi government and local militants loyal to Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. The militants will turn in medium and heavy weapons during a five-day grace period, and Iraqi and US forces will then take control of the area. ](/news/2004/10/9/conflict-in-iraq-a-peace-agreement-is-reached-in-the-baghdad-slum-of-sadr-city-between-the-iraqi-government-and-local-militants-loyal-to-s.md) _Context: Baghdad, Muqtada al-Sadr, Shi'ite_
9. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
10. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr_
