### [2003-01-17](/news/2003/01/17/index.md)

#  A 1.3-mile tunnel, representing the latest major piece of Boston, Massachusetts' Big Dig, opened, connecting the Massachusetts Turnpike to Logan International Airport. The tunnel reduced the trip from downtown Boston from 45 minutes in traffic to 8 minutes. The next phase, taking the elevated Interstate 93 and putting it underground, should be finished by early 2004.




### Related:

1. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Logan International Airport_
2. [Airport workers at seven of the busiest U.S. hubs plan to strike tonight and Thursday over wages and what they allege are threats against unionizing. The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) says some 2,000 plane cleaners, baggage handlers, and other workers will strike at New York City's Kennedy and LaGuardia airports, as well as Newark Liberty, Chicago O'Hare, Boston, Philadelphia, and Fort Lauderdale. ](/news/2015/11/18/airport-workers-at-seven-of-the-busiest-u-s-hubs-plan-to-strike-tonight-and-thursday-over-wages-and-what-they-allege-are-threats-against-un.md) _Context: Logan International Airport_
3. [Two high-visibility U.S based law firms Bingham McCutchen of Boston, Massachusetts and Philadelphia's Morgan Lewis & Bockius, have decided to merge, according to a Reuters report relying on confidential sources. ](/news/2014/09/20/two-high-visibility-u-s-based-law-firms-bingham-mccutchen-of-boston-massachusetts-and-philadelphia-s-morgan-lewis-bockius-have-decided-t.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
4. [Two Metro-North commuter trains collide near Bridgeport, Connecticut injuring at least 72 people and resulting in the cancellation of Amtrak services between New York City and Boston. ](/news/2013/05/17/two-metro-north-commuter-trains-collide-near-bridgeport-connecticut-injuring-at-least-72-people-and-resulting-in-the-cancellation-of-amtrak.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
5. [Fugitive alleged Boston crime boss James J. Bulger is arrested in the US city of Santa Monica, California. ](/news/2011/06/22/fugitive-alleged-boston-crime-boss-james-j-bulger-is-arrested-in-the-us-city-of-santa-monica-california.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
6. [Russian human rights activist Yelena Bonner, the widow of Soviet dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Andrei Sakharov, dies in the city of Boston, MA, USA. ](/news/2011/06/18/russian-human-rights-activist-yelena-bonner-the-widow-of-soviet-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-andrei-sakharov-dies-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
7. [Geraldine Ferraro, a Democratic Party Congresswoman and the first woman to stand for Vice-President of the United States on a major party ticket dies in Boston. ](/news/2011/03/26/geraldine-ferraro-a-democratic-party-congresswoman-and-the-first-woman-to-stand-for-vice-president-of-the-united-states-on-a-major-party-ti.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
8. [ Contractors for the Big Dig project pay $400 million to settle a lawsuit from the Massachusetts government over a fatal tunnel collapse and associated flaws. ](/news/2008/01/23/contractors-for-the-big-dig-project-pay-400-million-to-settle-a-lawsuit-from-the-massachusetts-government-over-a-fatal-tunnel-collapse-and.md) _Context: Big Dig_
9. [ Powers Fasteners, the company that supplied the epoxy blamed for the Big Dig ceiling collapse in Boston, Massachusetts is indicted on a manslaughter charge. ](/news/2007/08/8/powers-fasteners-the-company-that-supplied-the-epoxy-blamed-for-the-big-dig-ceiling-collapse-in-boston-massachusetts-is-indicted-on-a-man.md) _Context: Boston, Massachusetts_
10. [ Boston transit officials and the U.S. Coast Guard shut down parts of Interstate 93, two bridges, and a section of the Charles River after the discovery of suspicious devices placed around the city. Turner Broadcasting released a statement that the items were marketing tools placed within ten U.S. cities for the cartoon "Aqua Teen Hunger Force". One arrest was made Wednesday. ](/news/2007/01/31/boston-transit-officials-and-the-u-s-coast-guard-shut-down-parts-of-interstate-93-two-bridges-and-a-section-of-the-charles-river-after-t.md) _Context: Interstate 93_
