### [2013-02-27](/news/2013/02/27/index.md)

# The United States Senate confirms Jack Lew as the Secretary of the Treasury. 

The U.S. Senate, late Wednesday, confirmed Jack Lew as the nation’s next Treasury Secretary in a vote of 71-26.


### Source:

1. [Fox Business](http://www.foxbusiness.com/government/2013/02/27/lew-garners-votes-for-treasury-secretary-confirmation/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate, in a 53-47 vote, confirms Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury Secretary. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-united-states-senate-in-a-53a47-vote-confirms-steven-mnuchin-to-be-treasury-secretary.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary, United States Senate_
2. [U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announces that the Treasury will supplement Alexander Hamilton's depiction on the U.S. ten-dollar bill with that of a woman, the identity of which is to be chosen after public debate. ](/news/2015/06/17/u-s-treasury-secretary-jack-lew-announces-that-the-treasury-will-supplement-alexander-hamilton-s-depiction-on-the-u-s-ten-dollar-bill-with.md) _Context: Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary_
3. [Jack Lew is sworn in as the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. ](/news/2013/02/28/jack-lew-is-sworn-in-as-the-u-s-secretary-of-the-treasury.md) _Context: Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary_
4. [The U.S. administration's nominee to become next Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew, testifies before the financial committee of the United States Senate at the start of his confirmation hearing. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-u-s-administration-s-nominee-to-become-next-treasury-secretary-jack-lew-testifies-before-the-financial-committee-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Jack Lew, United States Senate_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew to be the next Secretary of the Treasury. ](/news/2013/01/10/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-white-house-chief-of-staff-jack-lew-to-be-the-next-secretary-of-the-treasury.md) _Context: Jack Lew, Treasury Secretary_
6. [ The United States Senate confirms Timothy F. Geithner as Secretary of the Treasury. ](/news/2009/01/26/the-united-states-senate-confirms-timothy-f-geithner-as-secretary-of-the-treasury.md) _Context: Treasury Secretary, United States Senate_
7. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
