### [2016-12-17](/news/2016/12/17/index.md)

# The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. 

China will return an underwater U.S. drone seized by a naval vessel this week in the South China Sea, both countries said on Saturday, but Beijing complained that Washington had been &quot;hyping up&quot; the incident.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-drone-idUSKBN14526J)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/12/17/china-returns-us-drone-after-explaining-seizure/95555610/)
2. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20161216&t=2&i=1165763179&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPECBF1BT)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, U.S._
2. [A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, "USS Curtis Wilbur" (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action "severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-triton-island-t.md) _Context: Chinese Defense Ministry, U.S., U.S. military_
3. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: Chinese Defense Ministry, South China Sea, U.S._
4. [In a Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation-p.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, U.S._
5. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, U.S._
6. [A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-territ.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea, U.S._
7. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China-United States relations, U.S._
8. [China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns-bowditch-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-files.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump says he sees no reason why the U.S. should continue to abide by the One China policy unless a bargain is reached with Beijing involving trade. ](/news/2016/12/12/president-elect-donald-trump-says-he-sees-no-reason-why-the-u-s-should-continue-to-abide-by-the-one-china-policy-unless-a-bargain-is-reache.md) _Context: China-United States relations, U.S._
10. [The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-patrols-with-the-united-states-in-the-dis.md) _Context: South China Sea, U.S._
