### [2004-02-29](/news/2004/02/29/index.md)

#  76th Academy Awards: "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" wins Best Picture and Director awards and nine others for a total of 11 Academy Awards, a tie for the most ever won by a single film, and the largest sweep ever for a single film, having received 11 nominations. Acting honors were as follows: Best Actor: Sean Penn for "Mystic River", Best Actress: Charlize Theron for "Monster", Best Supporting Actor: Tim Robbins for "Mystic River", Best Supporting Actress: Renee Zellweger for "Cold Mountain". 

Breaking News, data &amp; opinions in business, sports, entertainment, travel, lifestyle, plus much more. Newsday.com is the leading news source for Long Island &amp; NYC.


### Source:

1. [Box Office Mojo](http://www.boxofficemojo.com/oscar/chart/?view=allcategories&yr=2003&p=.htm)
2. [IMDB](http://www.imdb.com/)
3. [Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/entertainment/movies/ny-oscarwinners-list,0,6833602.story?coll=ny-movies-bigpix)
3. [Cover Image](https://www.newsday.com/img/blog-share-nd.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ 79th Academy Awards: "The Departed" wins four Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Martin Scorsese. Helen Mirren wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in "The Queen". Forest Whitaker won the Academy Award for Best Actor for playing Idi Amin in "The Last King of Scotland". Alan Arkin won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Little Miss Sunshine" with Jennifer Hudson winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Dreamgirls". ](/news/2007/02/25/79th-academy-awards-the-departed-wins-four-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-best-director-for-martin-scorsese-helen-mirren-win.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor, Academy Award for Best Picture, Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress_
2. [ Academy Awards: nominations announced, leading films are "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" (11), "Master and Commander" (10), "Seabiscuit" (7), "Mystic River" (6), and "Cold Mountain" (6). Keisha Castle-Hughes, at 13, becomes the youngest nominee ever for the Academy Award for Best Actress](/news/2004/01/27/academy-awards-nominations-announced-leading-films-are-the-lord-of-the-rings-the-return-of-the-king-11-master-and-commander-10.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Awards, Cold Mountain, Mystic River, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King_
3. [ "Slumdog Millionaire" wins eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Director for Danny Boyle. Sean Penn wins Best Actor for "Milk" and Kate Winslet wins Best Actress for "The Reader". ](/news/2009/02/22/slumdog-millionaire-wins-eight-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-director-for-danny-boyle-sean-penn-wins-best-actor-for-milk.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor, Academy Award for Best Picture, Sean Penn_
4. [ 78th Academy Awards: "Crash" wins Best Picture, Ang Lee ("Brokeback Mountain") wins Best Director, Reese Witherspoon ("Walk the Line") wins Best Actress, and Philip Seymour Hoffman ("Capote") wins Best Actor. ](/news/2006/03/5/78th-academy-awards-crash-wins-best-picture-ang-lee-brokeback-mountain-wins-best-director-reese-witherspoon-walk-the-line-wins.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor, Academy Award for Best Picture_
5. [ Marion Cotillard wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of dith Piaf in "La Vie en rose", while Daniel Day-Lewis takes home the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "There Will Be Blood". ](/news/2008/02/24/marion-cotillard-wins-the-academy-award-for-best-actress-for-her-portrayal-of-edith-piaf-in-la-vie-en-rose-while-daniel-day-lewis-takes.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Award for Best Actor_
6. [Nominations for the 2017 Academy Awards are announced, with "La La Land", "Moonlight" and "Hidden Figures" among the favorites. ](/news/2017/01/24/nominations-for-the-2017-academy-awards-are-announced-with-la-la-land-moonlight-and-hidden-figures-among-the-favorites.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
7. [British-American Academy Award-winning film actress Olivia de Havilland, one of the last leading movie stars of the Golden Age of Hollywood, celebrates her 100th birthday. ](/news/2016/07/1/britishaamerican-academy-awardawinning-film-actress-olivia-de-havilland-one-of-the-last-leading-movie-stars-of-the-golden-age-of-hollyw.md) _Context: Academy Award_
8. [Mexican authorities want to question American actor Sean Penn and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo about a secret October meeting and interview with Joaquin Guzman, published by "Rolling Stone" magazine yesterday. Mexico Attorney General Arely Gomez says it was the Penn interview that led authorities to a Guzman hiding place. ](/news/2016/01/10/mexican-authorities-want-to-question-american-actor-sean-penn-and-mexican-actress-kate-del-castillo-about-a-secret-october-meeting-and-inter.md) _Context: Sean Penn_
9. [Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu becomes the second Mexican director to win Academy Award for Best Director for "Birdman". "Birdman" then wins the Academy Award for Best Picture. ](/news/2015/02/22/alejandro-gonza-lez-ia-a-rritu-becomes-the-second-mexican-director-to-win-academy-award-for-best-director-for-birdman-birdman-then-wins.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
10. [The Motion Picture Academy announces the nominees for the 87th Academy Awards best picture at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California. The nominations are "American Sniper", "Birdman", "Boyhood", "The Grand Budapest Hotel", "The Imitation Game", "Selma", "The Theory of Everything", and "Whiplash". ](/news/2015/01/15/the-motion-picture-academy-announces-the-nominees-for-the-87th-academy-awards-best-picture-at-the-samuel-goldwyn-theater-in-beverly-hills-c.md) _Context: Academy Award for Best Picture_
