### [2008-04-11](/news/2008/04/11/index.md)

#  A fire destroys the campaign office of Senator Hillary Clinton in Terre Haute, Indiana. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jrHOoVTKCqZW43VMFSYCtpWm-jvQD8VVMIVG0)

### Related:

1. [Links between Trump associates and Russian officials: Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/links-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials-donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-oppo.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
2. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
3. [2016 United States election interference by Russia: A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016: Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.: The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
5. [United States elections, 2016: Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
6. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
7. [ Fox News apologizes to Hillary Clinton for reporting falsely of 'likely' Clinton indictment. ](/news/2016/11/4/fox-news-apologizes-to-hillary-clinton-for-reporting-falsely-of-likely-clinton-indictment.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit: The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/presidency-of-donald-trump-trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
