### [2017-07-10](/news/2017/07/10/index.md)

# Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. 

The battle has taken nine months, leaving large areas in ruins and thousands of civilians dead.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-40558836)

### Related:

1. [Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-o.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
2. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016-17), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
4. [Iraqi Civil War. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Haider al-Abadi, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
5. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army retakes Mosul Museum as well as the main government building in Mosul. ](/news/2017/03/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-retakes-mosul-museum-as-well-as-the-main-government-building-i.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016-17), Mosul_
8. [Battle of Mosul. Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/battle-of-mosul-thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-de.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
9. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi Police forces enter the Mosul International Airport and capture the runway from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/02/23/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-police-forces-enter-the-mosul-international-airport-and-capture-the-runway-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016-17), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi forces capture parts of Mosul University and several areas along the Tigris River from Islamic State militants. ](/news/2017/01/14/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-forces-capture-parts-of-mosul-university-and-several-areas-along-the-tigris-river-from-islamic-state-mili.md) _Context: Battle of Mosul (2016-17), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
