### [2006-05-12](/news/2006/05/12/index.md)

#  Yoweri Museveni takes his oath of office for a third consecutive term as President of Uganda.




### Related:

1. [Foreign relations of North Korea. In compliance with recent UN Security Council resolutons, President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda announces an end to security and military cooperation with North Korea. ](/news/2016/05/29/foreign-relations-of-north-korea-in-compliance-with-recent-un-security-council-resolutons-president-yoweri-museveni-of-uganda-announces-an.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
2. [Ugandan general election, 2016. Uganda arrests opposition leader Kizza Besigye as he addressed a crowd of supporters in the capital Kampala, and shuts down access to social media within the country prior to President Yoweri Museveni's inauguration tomorrow. ](/news/2016/05/11/ugandan-general-election-2016-uganda-arrests-opposition-leader-kizza-besigye-as-he-addressed-a-crowd-of-supporters-in-the-capital-kampala.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
3. [Ugandan general election, 2016. The President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni is declared the winner of the Presidential election with 60% of the vote. European Union observers state that the election was held in an "intimidating atmosphere". ](/news/2016/02/20/ugandan-general-election-2016-the-president-of-uganda-yoweri-museveni-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-presidential-election-with-60-of-the.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
4. [Ugandan general election, 2016. Voters in Uganda go to the polls for a general election to elect a new President of Uganda as well as for parliamentary and local elections. The Presidential race with eight candidates including incumbent Yoweri Museveni and seven challengers is tipped to be the closest in the nation's history. ](/news/2016/02/18/ugandan-general-election-2016-voters-in-uganda-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-to-elect-a-new-president-of-uganda-as-well-as-for-pa.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
5. [Ugandan general election, 2016. Prime Minister Ruhakana Rugunda says tomorrow-s presidential and parliamentary elections will be peaceful, and urges all registered citizens to vote. Seven candidates are vying to unseat President Museveni, who has been in office since 1986. ](/news/2016/02/17/ugandan-general-election-2016-prime-minister-ruhakana-rugunda-says-tomorrow-s-presidential-and-parliamentary-elections-will-be-peaceful.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
6. [President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni removes Aronda Nyakairima as head of the military and names him as Minister of the Interior. ](/news/2013/05/24/president-of-uganda-yoweri-museveni-removes-aronda-nyakairima-as-head-of-the-military-and-names-him-as-minister-of-the-interior.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
7. [Yoweri Museveni is sworn in for a fourth term as President of Uganda, amid protests. ](/news/2011/05/12/yoweri-museveni-is-sworn-in-for-a-fourth-term-as-president-of-uganda-amid-protests.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
8. [Police in Uganda fire tear gas at demonstrators protesting the win of incumbent President Yoweri Museveni in elections. ](/news/2011/03/9/police-in-uganda-fire-tear-gas-at-demonstrators-protesting-the-win-of-incumbent-president-yoweri-museveni-in-elections.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
9. [Yoweri Museveni is re-elected President of Uganda for a fourth term; the opposition does not take the result well. ](/news/2011/02/20/yoweri-museveni-is-re-elected-president-of-uganda-for-a-fourth-term-the-opposition-does-not-take-the-result-well.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
10. [The ruling National Resistance Movement in Uganda endorses incumbent President Yoweri Museveni to run for a fourth term in presidential elections in early 2011. ](/news/2010/09/13/the-ruling-national-resistance-movement-in-uganda-endorses-incumbent-president-yoweri-museveni-to-run-for-a-fourth-term-in-presidential-elec.md) _Context: President, Yoweri Museveni_
