### [2009-07-22](/news/2009/07/22/index.md)

#  U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warns that it could arm its allies in the Gulf and extend a "defense umbrella" over the region, if Iran goes nuclear. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Nuclear-Iran-Hillary-Clinton-Warns-Of-US-Defence-Umbrella-For-Gulf-Allies-If-Tehran-Goes-Atomic/Article/200907415343828?lpos=World_News_First_World_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15343828_Nuclear_Iran%3A_Hillary_Clinton_Warns_Of_US_Defence_Umbrella_For_Gulf_Allies_If_Tehran_Goes_Atomic)

### Related:

1. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: Iran, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
2. [Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-they-had-allegedly-entered-iranian.md) _Context: Iran, Persian Gulf, U.S._
3. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, U.S., nuclear weapon_
4. [Former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton officially announces her support for same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/03/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-officially-announces-her-support-for-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
5. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94a3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
6. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the-serious-concerns-raised-by-the-international-atomic.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Iran, United States Secretary of State_
7. [Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". ](/news/2011/01/9/hillary-clinton-of-the-united-states-speaks-out-against-iran-in-abu-dhabi-during-a-five-day-trip-to-the-united-arab-emirates-oman-and-qatar.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Iran, U.S._
8. [The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton convenes a mass meeting of United States ambassadors from around the world. ](/news/2011/01/31/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-convenes-a-mass-meeting-of-united-states-ambassadors-from-around-the-world.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
9. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, states that the United States "categorically disagrees" with the decision of the Scottish Government to release on compassionate grounds Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, the man convicted of bombing Pan Am Flight 103. ](/news/2010/08/20/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-states-that-the-united-states-categorically-disagrees-with-the-decision-of-the-scot.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
10. [Hillary Clinton, the United States Secretary of State, announces that the United States will impose further sanctions against North Korea as a result of the sinking of the South Korean warship ROKS "Cheonan". ](/news/2010/07/21/hillary-clinton-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-the-united-states-will-impose-further-sanctions-against-north-korea-as.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
