
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/06/30/a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested-at-the-scene-by-police-with-one-man-repo.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/06/30/a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested-at-the-scene-by-police-with-one-man-repo.json)  [XML](/news/2007/06/30/a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested-at-the-scene-by-police-with-one-man-repo.xml)  

### [2007-06-30](/news/2007/06/30/index.md)

##### 2007 attack
#  A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested. The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated. COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/6257846.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/scotland/6257194.stm)
3. [Reuters via Canada.com](http://www.canada.com/topics/news/world/story.html?id=a469eb24-62e7-43a4-a038-14cce2d2c9d1&k=82275)

### Changes:

1. [ ''Glasgow International Airport attack:'' A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested. The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated. COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/glasgow-international-airport-attack-p-a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arreste.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (First version)_
2. [ "Glasgow International Airport attack:": A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested.: The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated.: COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday.: Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/glasgow-international-airport-attack-a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (Update)_
2. [ A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested. The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated. COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested-at-the-scene-by-police-with-one-man-repo.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown holds an emergency COBRA cabinet meeting to discuss an outbreak of foot and mouth disease on a farm in Surrey, England. The foot and mouth strain has been identified as a rare strain used at the nearby Institute for Animal Health at Pirbright. ](/news/2007/08/4/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-holds-an-emergency-cobra-cabinet-meeting-to-discuss-an-outbreak-of-foot-and-mouth-dis.md) _Context: COBRA, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
2. [ Gordon Brown becomes the Leader of the Labour Party, replacing Prime Minister Tony Blair. Brown will replace Blair on 27 June. ](/news/2018/06/24/gordon-brown-becomes-the-leader-of-the-labour-party-replacing-prime-minister-tony-blair-brown-will-replace-blair-on-27-june.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
3. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Prime Minister_
4. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
5. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Prime Minister_
