### [2013-01-11](/news/2013/01/11/index.md)

# 2012-2013 Central African Republic conflict:: In the Central African Republic, the government signs a ceasefire agreement with rebels, ending a month of conflict and establishing a new coalition government. 

Rebels fighting the government in the Central African Republic have signed a formal ceasefire and agreed to form a unity government following talks in Gabon.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20990671)

### Related:

1. [A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-truck-overloaded-with-passengers-crashes-near-bambari-central-african-republic-killing-at-least-78-people-and-leaving-dozens-more-injure.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
2. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017: Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-memb.md) _Context: governing coalition_
3. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
4. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
5. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016: Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties-Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network-to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its.md) _Context: governing coalition_
6. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime.md) _Context: governing coalition_
7. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
8. [Irish general election, 2016: Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/irish-general-election-2016-prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-eng.md) _Context: governing coalition_
9. [Central African general election, 2015-16: Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-pr.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
10. [Central African general election, 2015-16: Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamenta.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
