### [2013-01-11](/news/2013/01/11/index.md)

# The Metropolitan Police and NSPCC have confirmed 214 separate sexual offences committed by Jimmy Savile over a period of fifty years. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20981611)

### Related:

1. [A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savile-but-did-not-advise-senior-manage.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
2. [The family of disgraced disc jockey and television presenter Jimmy Savile makes its first public statement since his reputation was destroyed by a sexual abuse scandal. ](/news/2012/10/27/the-family-of-disgraced-disc-jockey-and-television-presenter-jimmy-savile-makes-its-first-public-statement-since-his-reputation-was-destroye.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
3. [The UK's Director of Public Prosecutions is to review a 2009 decision by the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute Jimmy Savile over allegations of sexual abuse. ](/news/2012/10/24/the-uk-s-director-of-public-prosecutions-is-to-review-a-2009-decision-by-the-crown-prosecution-service-not-to-prosecute-jimmy-savile-over-al.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
4. [BBC Director-General George Entwistle appears before the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee to answer questions about the Corporation's handling of allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile. ](/news/2012/10/23/bbc-director-general-george-entwistle-appears-before-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-to-answer-questions-about-the-c.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
5. [Peter Rippon, the BBC "Newsnight" editor responsible for dropping an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse against Jimmy Savile, steps aside from his role with immediate effect. ](/news/2012/10/22/peter-rippon-the-bbc-newsnight-editor-responsible-for-dropping-an-investigation-into-allegations-of-sexual-abuse-against-jimmy-savile-st.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
6. [The UK's Department of Health appoints former barrister Kate Lampard to head an NHS inquiry into alleged activities by the broadcaster Jimmy Savile at various hospitals at which he was involved. ](/news/2012/10/17/the-uk-s-department-of-health-appoints-former-barrister-kate-lampard-to-head-an-nhs-inquiry-into-alleged-activities-by-the-broadcaster-jimmy.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
7. [The BBC appoints the heads of two separate inquiries into the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed Jimmy Savile. Former High Court judge Dame Janet Smith will review the culture and practices of the BBC during the time Savile worked there, while Nick Pollard, a former Sky News executive will look at why a "Newsnight" investigation into Savile's activities was dropped shortly before transmission. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-bbc-appoints-the-heads-of-two-separate-inquiries-into-the-sexual-abuse-scandal-that-has-engulfed-jimmy-savile-former-high-court-judge-d.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile, Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
8. [A jury at the High Court, London returns an 8-2 majority verdict of lawful killing at the inquest into the death of Mark Duggan, whose death at the hands of Trident Gang Crime Command Metropolitan Police firearms officers in August 2011 sparked the 2011 England Riots. This verdict was reached despite the fact the jury also found that Mark Duggan was not holding a gun when he was shot by the police, sparking protests outside the court and in Tottenham. ](/news/2014/01/8/a-jury-at-the-high-court-london-returns-an-8-2-majority-verdict-of-lawful-killing-at-the-inquest-into-the-death-of-mark-duggan-whose-death.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police_
9. [April Casburn, a senior detective with the Metropolitan Police is found guilty of trying to sell information on the investigation into phone hacking to the "News of the World", the newspaper at the centre of the scandal. ](/news/2013/01/10/april-casburn-a-senior-detective-with-the-metropolitan-police-is-found-guilty-of-trying-to-sell-information-on-the-investigation-into-phone.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police_
10. [A former BBC Radio 1 disc jockey is detained by police in the ongoing investigation into the Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal. ](/news/2012/11/15/a-former-bbc-radio-1-disc-jockey-is-detained-by-police-in-the-ongoing-investigation-into-the-jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal.md) _Context: Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal_
