### [2013-02-5](/news/2013/02/5/index.md)

# Standard & Poor's says it expects a lawsuit by the US government over its assessment of mortgage bonds prior to the subprime mortgage crisis. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/21331018)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: United States_
2. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States_
3. [Australian federal election, 2016: Standard & Poor's drops Australia's debt outlook from stable to negative following the country's surprisingly close election this weekend. ](/news/2016/07/6/australian-federal-election-2016-standard-poor-s-drops-australia-s-debt-outlook-from-stable-to-negative-following-the-country-s-surprisi.md) _Context: Standard & Poor's_
4. [Russia-United States relations: President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called.md) _Context: United States_
5. [2008 financial crisis: Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/2008-financial-crisis-goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-th.md) _Context: housing crisis_
6. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state-s House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying -Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-state-s-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Deepwater Horizon oil spill: London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-governme.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Liza Maza, a human rights activist and former Filipino congresswoman, and the Center for Women's Resources criticized the United States and the Philippines governments for preventing Maza's boarding of a July 9, 2015, Korean Air flight destined for Washington, D.C. Maza, who has a U.S. visa valid until 2018, was scheduled to speak before a left-wing conference on U.S. activities in the Philippines. ](/news/2015/07/17/liza-maza-a-human-rights-activist-and-former-filipino-congresswoman-and-the-center-for-women-s-resources-criticized-the-united-states-and.md) _Context: United States_
10. [ Puerto Rico government debt crisis: Standard & Poor's cut the credit rating of Puerto Rico's Government Development Bank to 'CC', saying a near-term default is a virtual certainty. ](/news/2015/07/15/puerto-rico-government-debt-crisis-standard-poor-s-cut-the-credit-rating-of-puerto-rico-s-government-development-bank-to-cc-saying-a.md) _Context: Standard & Poor's_
