### [2013-02-5](/news/2013/02/5/index.md)

# The United Kingdom's House of Commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of government legislation to introduce same-sex marriages. 

MPs approve same-sex marriage in England and Wales in a key Commons vote, although more Conservative MPs voted against the bill than for it.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21346220)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1048058/gay-marriage-mps-back-bill-in-commons-vote)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/blog/2013/feb/05/gay-marriage-debate-politics-live-blog)
3. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/65722000/jpg/_65722159_65722156.jpg)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
2. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
3. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
4. [Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". ](/news/2015/11/4/flights-between-the-united-kingdom-and-the-egyptian-city-of-sharm-el-sheikh-are-suspended-due-to-concerns-of-the-british-government-that-the.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
5. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer. Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
6. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the "The Daily Telegraph", warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed. At issue is London's withdrawal from a GBP5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-warn.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, United Kingdom_
7. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom_
8. [Members of the House of Lords vote in favour of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill, paving the way for gay marriage in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/06/4/members-of-the-house-of-lords-vote-in-favour-of-the-marriage-same-sex-couples-bill-paving-the-way-for-gay-marriage-in-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill, marriage_
9. [MPs in the House of Commons vote 366-161 in favour of the Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill taking an important step towards allowing gay marriage in England and Wales. ](/news/2013/05/21/mps-in-the-house-of-commons-vote-366-161-in-favour-of-the-marriage-same-sex-couples-bill-taking-an-important-step-towards-allowing-gay-mar.md) _Context: Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Bill, marriage_
10. [The UK government sets out proposals to legalise gay marriages in England and Wales. The Church of England and Church in Wales will be banned from conducting wedding ceremonies for same-sex couples, but other religious organisations will be allowed to conduct gay weddings if they wish. ](/news/2012/12/11/the-uk-government-sets-out-proposals-to-legalise-gay-marriages-in-england-and-wales-the-church-of-england-and-church-in-wales-will-be-banne.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, marriage_
