### [2004-01-21](/news/2004/01/21/index.md)

#  The Royal Canadian Mounted Police raid the residence of "Ottawa Citizen" reporter Juliet O'Neill for the purposes of searching for evidence of leaked information in the Maher Arar deportation scandal. It was widely denounced by media groups and civil libertarians




### Related:

1. [Mexico states that it will reject third-country deportees. ](/news/2017/02/24/mexico-states-that-it-will-reject-third-country-deportees.md) _Context: deportees_
2. [The Trump administration releases a new memo that sets the policy for the deportation of undocumented migrants accused of any crime. ](/news/2017/02/21/the-trump-administration-releases-a-new-memo-that-sets-the-policy-for-the-deportation-of-undocumented-migrants-accused-of-any-crime.md) _Context: deportees_
3. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police kill 24-year-old Aaron Driver in Strathroy, Ontario. Driver was accused of supporting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and was believed to have been plotting an "imminent" attack against Canadians. ](/news/2016/08/10/royal-canadian-mounted-police-kill-24-year-old-aaron-driver-in-strathroy-ontario-driver-was-accused-of-supporting-the-islamic-state-of-ira.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
4. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: deportees_
5. [A Turkish Airlines plane flying from New York City (U.S.) to Istanbul, Turkey, is diverted to Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, after authorities received information of a bomb threat. All 256 passengers and crew are safe. The flight (Turkish Airlines TYH2/TK2) left JFK International Airport at 9 p.m. Saturday and landed just before 1 a.m. Sunday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police is investigating. ](/news/2015/11/22/a-turkish-airlines-plane-flying-from-new-york-city-u-s-to-istanbul-turkey-is-diverted-to-halifax-nova-scotia-canada-after-authoritie.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
6. [At least five people are dead, one missing, and 21 rescued, from a tour boat carrying 27 people that sinks west of Vargas Island, off the coast of Tofino on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. The RCMP is responsible for the missing person now that the search has been called off. ](/news/2015/10/25/at-least-five-people-are-dead-one-missing-and-21-rescued-from-a-tour-boat-carrying-27-people-that-sinks-west-of-vargas-island-off-the-co.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
7. [Canadian Police foil a planned Valentines Day massacre in Halifax, Nova Scotia. ](/news/2015/02/14/canadian-police-foil-a-planned-valentines-day-massacre-in-halifax-nova-scotia.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces executive orders to defer the deportations of a certain group of illegal immigrants: parents whose children are already U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents who have lived in the United States for five years or more. ](/news/2014/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-executive-orders-to-defer-the-deportations-of-a-certain-group-of-illegal-immigrant.md) _Context: deportees_
9. [Canadian police arrest Justin Bourque, wanted for the alleged murder of three Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers and shooting two others in Moncton, New Brunswick. ](/news/2014/06/6/canadian-police-arrest-justin-bourque-wanted-for-the-alleged-murder-of-three-royal-canadian-mounted-police-officers-and-shooting-two-others.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
10. [Royal Canadian Mounted Police extend a national manhunt for a 24-year-old gunman who killed 3 police officers and wounded 2 others in a shootout in Moncton.](/news/2014/06/5/royal-canadian-mounted-police-extend-a-national-manhunt-for-a-24-year-old-gunman-who-killed-3-police-officers-and-wounded-2-others-in-a-shoo.md) _Context: Royal Canadian Mounted Police_
