### [2004-01-21](/news/2004/01/21/index.md)

#  The International Olympic Committee urges Athens to continue working round-the-clock for the 2004 Summer Olympics. The deadline is for August 13.




### Related:

1. [ A bomb explodes near an electrical substation outside Athens, nine days prior to the beginning of the Olympic Games. ](/news/2004/08/4/a-bomb-explodes-near-an-electrical-substation-outside-athens-nine-days-prior-to-the-beginning-of-the-olympic-games.md) _Context: 2004 Summer Olympics, Athens_
2. [ The 2004 Summer Olympics are closed by IOC President Jacques Rogge. ](/news/2004/08/29/the-2004-summer-olympics-are-closed-by-ioc-president-jacques-rogge.md) _Context: 2004 Summer Olympics, International Olympic Committee_
3. [ A spectacular opening ceremony marks the start of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. ](/news/2004/08/13/a-spectacular-opening-ceremony-marks-the-start-of-the-2004-summer-olympics-in-athens-greece.md) _Context: 2004 Summer Olympics, Athens_
4. [ Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, commits to refrains from attacks on the Olympics scheduled for this August in Athens, Greece. ](/news/2004/06/26/yasser-arafat-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-commits-to-refrains-from-attacks-on-the-olympics-scheduled-for-this-august-in-athens.md) _Context: 2004 Summer Olympics, Athens_
5. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Athens_
6. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
7. [Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-today-with-three-symbolic-flights-to-faro.md) _Context: Athens_
8. [Clashes erupt in Athens between left-wing demonstrators and Greek police with at least eighteen people arrested. ](/news/2015/12/6/clashes-erupt-in-athens-between-left-wing-demonstrators-and-greek-police-with-at-least-eighteen-people-arrested.md) _Context: Athens_
9. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens_
10. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Athens_
