### [2016-12-30](/news/2016/12/30/index.md)

# After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. 

Trump says Putin is &#39;smart&#39; for not reciprocating Obama&#39;s diplomat expulsion.


### Source:

1. [Newshub](http://www.newshub.co.nz/home/world/2016/12/no-tit-for-tat-from-russia-after-diplomat-expulsion.html)
2. [The Boston Globe](https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2016/12/30/russian-hackers-penetrated-electricity-grid-through-utility-vermont/6hZ3wnpIM7x76CsH9oAimN/story.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/30/world/europe/russia-diplomats-us-hacking.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Sergey Lavrov, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreement-with-the-united-states-concerning-uranium-research.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
3. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S._
4. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
5. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Sergey Lavrov, U.S._
6. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S._
7. [President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/21/president-barack-obama-and-vladimir-putin-meet-in-peru-on-the-sidelines-of-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-conference-to-discuss-invol.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weapons-grade-plutonium-plutonium-managemen.md) _Context: U.S., Vladimir Putin_
9. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Two unarmed Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-24 jets flew simulated attacks on United States Navy destroyer ''USS Donald Cook'' in the Baltic Sea on Tuesday, according to a U.S. official, who described it as one of the most aggressive interactions in recent memory. A Russian Kamov Ka-27 naval helicopter also made seven passes around the ''USS Donald Cook'', taking pictures of the warship. ](/news/2016/04/13/two-unarmed-russian-air-force-sukhoi-su-24-jets-flew-simulated-attacks-on-united-states-navy-destroyer-uss-donald-cook-in-the-baltic-sea.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, U.S._
