### [2016-12-30](/news/2016/12/30/index.md)

# Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. 




### Source:

1. [AFP by ''The Indian Express](http://indianexpress.com/article/world/romania-gets-new-pm-sorin-grindeanu-ending-political-turmoil-4451842/)

### Related:

1. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:: More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]": Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-th.md) _Context: Klaus Iohannis, PSD, President, Prime Minister, social-democrat_
2. [Romanian legislative election, 2016: Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romanian-legislative-election-2016-romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sund.md) _Context: PSD, Romania, centre-left, earlier this month_
3. [Politics of Romania: After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/06/21/politics-of-romania-after-a-short-term-political-crisis-started-when-the-governing-psd-retracted-its-support-the-parliament-of-romania-pa.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister, Sorin Grindeanu_
4. [Romanian legislative election, 2016: Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/romanian-legislative-election-2016-being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister, earlier this month_
5. [Romanian presidential election, 2014: Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/romanian-presidential-election-2014-voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohanni.md) _Context: Klaus Iohannis, Prime Minister, Romania_
6. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Romania_
7. [ Romanian legislative election, 2008: Emil Boc is sworn in as the new Prime Minister and will lead a coalition government of the Democrat Liberals and Social Democrats. ](/news/2008/12/22/romanian-legislative-election-2008-emil-boc-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-prime-minister-and-will-lead-a-coalition-government-of-the-democrat-li.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister, Romania_
8. [ President of Romania Traian Basescu nominates Emil Boc, President of the Democratic Liberal Party, as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/12/15/president-of-romania-traian-basescu-nominates-emil-boc-president-of-the-democratic-liberal-party-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Romania_
9. [2017 Romanian protests: Romanian Justice Minister Florin Iordache resigns after losing the support of Prime-Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/02/9/2017-romanian-protests-romanian-justice-minister-florin-iordache-resigns-after-losing-the-support-of-prime-minister-sorin-grindeanu.md) _Context: Romania, Sorin Grindeanu_
10. [2017 Romanian protests: The government of Prime Minister of Romania Sorin Grindeanu survives a no-confidence motion over proposed decriminalisation of certain corruption offences, with 161 MPs voting in favor of the motion, short of the 232 votes needed for it to pass. ](/news/2017/02/8/2017-romanian-protests-the-government-of-prime-minister-of-romania-sorin-grindeanu-survives-a-no-confidence-motion-over-proposed-decriminal.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Sorin Grindeanu_
