### [2016-12-30](/news/2016/12/30/index.md)

# The funeral of Lukasz Urban, the driver killed in the course of last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin, takes place in his village of Banie near the German border. President of Poland Andrzej Duda and a German diplomat attend. 

Truckers sound their horns across Poland as the first victim of the Berlin lorry attack is buried.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38470982)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/poles-bid-farewell-to-first-victim-of-berlin-attack/a-36956779)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/BC0A/production/_93183184_mediaitem93183183.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, President_
2. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, President_
3. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for the second round of a Presidential election between President Bronislaw Komorowski and challenger Andrzej Duda with exit polls showing Duda ahead. ](/news/2015/05/24/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-between-president-bronisaaw-komorowski-and-challenger-andr.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, President_
4. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a presidential election with a second round of voting scheduled with Andrzej Duda of the Law and Justice Party challenging incumbent President Bronislaw Komorowski. ](/news/2015/05/10/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-a-second-round-of-voting-scheduled-with-andrzej-duda-of-the-law-and-justic.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, President_
5. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda_
6. [Naveed Baloch, the man from Pakistan who was wrongly arrested in the aftermath of the recent attack on a Christmas market in Berlin, gives an interview outlining the conditions in which he was held and reveals he is now in hiding amid fears for his life. ](/news/2016/12/29/naveed-baloch-the-man-from-pakistan-who-was-wrongly-arrested-in-the-aftermath-of-the-recent-attack-on-a-christmas-market-in-berlin-gives-a.md) _Context: last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
7. [The 24-year-old Tunisian who is suspected of driving the truck that smashed through a Berlin market is killed in a shoot-out in Milan. ](/news/2016/12/23/the-24-year-old-tunisian-who-is-suspected-of-driving-the-truck-that-smashed-through-a-berlin-market-is-killed-in-a-shoot-out-in-milan.md) _Context: last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
8. [German officials offer a reward of up to 100,000 euros ($104,000) for 24-year-old Tunisian asylum-seeker Anis Amri, whose identifying information was found in the truck used in the attack. ](/news/2016/12/21/german-officials-offer-a-reward-of-up-to-100-000-euros-104-000-for-24-year-old-tunisian-asylum-seeker-anis-amri-whose-identifying-inform.md) _Context: last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germany-which-left-at-l.md) _Context: last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
10. [Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz-berlin-germany-a.md) _Context: last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
