### [2010-09-20](/news/2010/09/20/index.md)

# A Russian Air Force Sukhoi Su-27 aircraft crashes in the Russian Far East; both pilots are rescued alive. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20100920/160647473.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations: Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/russia-united-states-relations-unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-tr.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
2. [Russia-United States relations: A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-internationa.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/syrian-civil-war-suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
5. [Russia-United States relations: A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-po.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
6. [The Russian Air Force uses an Iranian airbase near Hamadan to launch airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2016/08/16/the-russian-air-force-uses-an-iranian-airbase-near-hamadan-to-launch-airstrikes-in-syria.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
7. [Russian intervention: A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/russian-intervention-a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russ.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russian war planes allegedly bomb a refugee camp near the border with Jordan, killing at least eight people. ](/news/2016/07/13/syrian-civil-war-russian-war-planes-allegedly-bomb-a-refugee-camp-near-the-border-with-jordan-killing-at-least-eight-people.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
9. [Syrian civil war: Airstrikes in rebel-held districts of Aleppo kill at least 15 people and wound dozens while three hospitals are hit including one of the few that still provides pediatric services. UNICEF says medics had to take babies out of incubators. It is unclear who was responsible, though government forces, backed by the Russian Air Force, have run operations to regain control of the divided city. ](/news/2016/06/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-in-rebel-held-districts-of-aleppo-kill-at-least-15-people-and-wound-dozens-while-three-hospitals-are-hit-includ.md) _Context: Russian Air Force_
10. [Russia-United States relations: Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification. The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135 was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-united-states-relations-russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-bec.md) _Context: Russian SU-27 fighter jet_
