### [2010-09-20](/news/2010/09/20/index.md)

# The 54th International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) General Conference opens in Vienna with attendance by 151 countries. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-09/20/c_13521741.htm)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency calls a summit in Vienna to tackle concerns about nuclear safety following the Fukushima crisis. ](/news/2011/03/28/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-calls-a-summit-in-vienna-to-tackle-concerns-about-nuclear-safety-following-the-fukushima-crisis.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna_
2. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna_
3. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Vienna_
4. [Syrian peace process: Chief Syrian opposition negotiator of the High Negotiations Committee Mohammed Allush resigns over the failure of the UN-backed peace talks. Allush said that without any of the opposition demands met, peace talks were a "waste of time". In April, the HNC suspended talks with the Syrian government's delegation in Vienna. ](/news/2016/05/30/syrian-peace-process-chief-syrian-opposition-negotiator-of-the-high-negotiations-committee-mohammed-allush-resigns-over-the-failure-of-the.md) _Context: Vienna_
5. [Nuclear program of Iran: The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
6. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
7. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action: Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-internation.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
8. [Syrian Civil War peace process: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi.md) _Context: Vienna_
9. [Syria peace talks in Vienna: Syrian Civil War: Representatives from about 20 countries meet in Vienna, Austria, seeking a political solution to Syria's four-year civil war that has killed more than 250,000 people, including dozens more today. For the first time Iran is at the table, where diplomats seek peace through a ceasefire plan followed by a transitional government. ](/news/2015/10/30/syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-syrian-civil-war-representatives-from-about-20-countries-meet-in-vienna-austria-seeking-a-political-solution.md) _Context: Vienna_
10. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Vienna_
