### [2016-10-26](/news/2016/10/26/index.md)

# 2014-16 Venezuelan protests. An unknown gunman shoots a Venezuelan police officer dead. Two other officers sustain injuries during protests against the Government of Venezuela. Approximately 120 Opposition supporters also sustain injuries during the protests. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.trust.org/item/20161027003653-0fp68)

### Related:

1. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Two police officers are killed and four others are wounded in the western Venezuelan city of San Cristobal after they were run over by a bus driven by young men protesting a hike in public transport fares, according to government officials and Reuters witnesses. ](/news/2016/03/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-two-police-officers-are-killed-and-four-others-are-wounded-in-the-western-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-a.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuelan police officer_
2. [2017 Venezuelan protests. A student is killed amid gunfire in El Tigre, raising the death toll in protests against Nicolas Maduro's government to at least 37 in the past month. ](/news/2017/05/4/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-student-is-killed-amid-gunfire-in-el-tigre-raising-the-death-toll-in-protests-against-nicola-s-maduro-s-governm.md) _Context: government_
3. [General Motors halts production in Venezuela after the government seizes its plants. ](/news/2017/04/20/general-motors-halts-production-in-venezuela-after-the-government-seizes-its-plants.md) _Context: government_
4. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
5. [2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Citibank notifies the Venezuelan government it will close the accounts of the Venezuelan Central Bank and the Bank of Venezuela in 30 days after conducting a "periodic risk management review." Venezuela relies on Citibank to conduct foreign currency transactions due to the country's strict currency controls. ](/news/2016/07/12/2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-citibank-notifies-the-venezuelan-government-it-will-close-the-accounts-of-the-venezuelan-central-bank.md) _Context: government_
6. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-s.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
7. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-val.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
8. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan police arrest at least 400 people in the city of Cumana after food riots and looting broke out yesterday. ](/news/2016/06/15/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-police-arrest-at-least-400-people-in-the-city-of-cumana-after-food-riots-and-looting-broke-out-ye.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
9. [ 2014-16 Venezuelan protests. The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
10. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
