### [2016-10-26](/news/2016/10/26/index.md)

# An unknown gunman shoots a Venezuelan police officer dead. Two other officers sustain injuries during protests against the Government of Venezuela. Approximately 120 Opposition supporters also sustain injuries during the protests. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.trust.org/item/20161027003653-0fp68)
1. [Cover Image](http://d2sh4fq2xsdeg9.cloudfront.net/contentAsset/image/5d70d17c-4a66-43c4-9ab7-e11091f8fe61/image/byInode/1/filter/Resize,Jpeg/jpeg_q/70/resize_w/1100)

### Related:

1. [Two police officers are killed and four others are wounded in the western Venezuelan city of San Cristobal after they were run over by a bus driven by young men protesting a hike in public transport fares, according to government officials and Reuters witnesses. ](/news/2016/03/29/two-police-officers-are-killed-and-four-others-are-wounded-in-the-western-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-after-they-were-run-over-by-a-bu.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuelan police officer_
2. [A student is killed amid gunfire in El Tigre, raising the death toll in protests against Nicolas Maduro's government to at least 37 in the past month. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-student-is-killed-amid-gunfire-in-el-tigre-raising-the-death-toll-in-protests-against-nicola-s-maduro-s-government-to-at-least-37-in-the.md) _Context: government_
3. [General Motors halts production in Venezuela after the government seizes its plants. ](/news/2017/04/20/general-motors-halts-production-in-venezuela-after-the-government-seizes-its-plants.md) _Context: government_
4. [Citibank notifies the Venezuelan government it will close the accounts of the Venezuelan Central Bank and the Bank of Venezuela in 30 days after conducting a "periodic risk management review." Venezuela relies on Citibank to conduct foreign currency transactions due to the country's strict currency controls. ](/news/2016/07/12/citibank-notifies-the-venezuelan-government-it-will-close-the-accounts-of-the-venezuelan-central-bank-and-the-bank-of-venezuela-in-30-days-a.md) _Context: government_
5. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
6. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatures.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
7. [Venezuelan police arrest at least 400 people in the city of Cumana after food riots and looting broke out yesterday. ](/news/2016/06/15/venezuelan-police-arrest-at-least-400-people-in-the-city-of-cumana-after-food-riots-and-looting-broke-out-yesterday.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
8. [ The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security-amidst-opposition-demands-of-a.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
9. [Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-of-socialist-president-nicola-s.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
10. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests_
