### [2016-10-26](/news/2016/10/26/index.md)

# Gambia says it will join South Africa and Burundi in withdrawing from the International Criminal Court, accusing the court of ignoring "Western war crimes" like the Kunduz hospital airstrike. 

The Gambia is the latest country to say it will leave the International Criminal Court, accusing it of humiliating Africans.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-37771592)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/149C3/production/_92091448_07f44296-c0bd-45e4-aef7-dceea75486f7.jpg)

### Related:

1. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: Burundi, International Criminal Court, South Africa_
2. [South Africa's North Gauteng High Court rules the government's decision last October to withdraw from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court was unconstitutional, and instructs the government to revoke its notice of withdrawal. ](/news/2017/02/22/south-africa-s-north-gauteng-high-court-rules-the-government-s-decision-last-october-to-withdraw-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
3. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
4. [The Parliament of Burundi votes overwhelmingly to withdraw Burundi from the Dutch-based International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/10/12/the-parliament-of-burundi-votes-overwhelmingly-to-withdraw-burundi-from-the-dutch-based-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Burundi, International Criminal Court_
5. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
6. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
7. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
8. [The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-for-alleged-war-crimes-when-he-arrives-at.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
9. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
