### [2016-10-26](/news/2016/10/26/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-attack-idUSKCN12Q19D)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. ](/news/2016/03/7/syrian-civil-war-a-syrian-arab-air-force-or-russian-airstrike-reportedly-kills-a-dozen-people-at-a-market-selling-diesel-fuel-in-the-rebel.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/syrian-civil-war-a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-id.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/syrian-civil-war-around-1-500-2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-g.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Idlib Governorate clashes (2017): Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-leb.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-16): The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Russian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war: Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/syrian-civil-war-amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war: Before a ceasefire takes effect tomorrow, over 100 people have been killed and over 100 injured in airstrikes on rebel-held Idlib. ](/news/2016/09/11/syrian-civil-war-before-a-ceasefire-takes-effect-tomorrow-over-100-people-have-been-killed-and-over-100-injured-in-airstrikes-on-rebel-hel.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
