### [2007-02-25](/news/2007/02/25/index.md)

#  Israeli forces carry out a raid across parts of the West Bank town of Nablus. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6394295.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, West Bank_
2. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
3. [A group of 15 Israeli Jewish worshipers entered the Palestinian city of Nablus to pray in the Jewish holy site Joseph's Tomb, without coordinating their visit with the IDF as required by law. After finishing praying, as the Jewish worshipers were leaving Nablus, their cars came under fire from a Palestinian Authority police jeep. Five Israelis were injured in the attack and the nephew of Israeli Culture and Sport Minister Limor Livnat was killed.](/news/2011/04/24/a-group-of-15-israeli-jewish-worshipers-entered-the-palestinian-city-of-nablus-to-pray-in-the-jewish-holy-site-joseph-s-tomb-without-coordi.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Nablus_
4. [The Israel Defense Forces arrest three wanted Palestinians during an operation in Tulkarm and Nablus in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-israel-defense-forces-arrest-three-wanted-palestinians-during-an-operation-in-tulkarm-and-nablus-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Nablus, West Bank_
5. [ An American demonstrator from the International Solidarity Movement is critically wounded by Israel's Defense Forces at the West Bank barrier. ](/news/2009/03/13/an-american-demonstrator-from-the-international-solidarity-movement-is-critically-wounded-by-israel-s-defense-forces-at-the-west-bank-barri.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli troops kill a Palestinian shopkeeper and seriously injure another in the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/06/2/israeli-troops-kill-a-palestinian-shopkeeper-and-seriously-injure-another-in-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, West Bank_
7. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-educat.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Nablus, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]: The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]: The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, West Bank_
