### [2007-02-25](/news/2007/02/25/index.md)

#  President Jalal Talabani has been flown to Jordan for medical treatment after falling ill. 

A female suicide bomber blew herself up at a university and Moktada al-Sadr condemned the security plan for Baghdad.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6395495.stm)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/02/25/world/middleeast/25cnd-iraq.html?ex=1330059600&en=7b32a5d30cc523b3&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2007/02/25/world/middleeast/25cnd-iraq3.75.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The President of Iraq Jalal Talabani has a stroke with his condition reported as stable. ](/news/2012/12/18/the-president-of-iraq-jalal-talabani-has-a-stroke-with-his-condition-reported-as-stable.md) _Context: Jalal Talabani, President_
2. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. ](/news/2007/10/20/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-criticizes-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-his-support-of-a-possible-turkish-attack-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: Jalal Talabani, President_
3. [ At least 21 people have been killed after a truck bomb went off in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk, according to local police. Reports indicate that the bomb exploded near the offices of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan of Jalal Talabani, the President of Iraq. ](/news/2006/09/17/at-least-21-people-have-been-killed-after-a-truck-bomb-went-off-in-the-northern-iraqi-city-of-kirkuk-according-to-local-police-reports-in.md) _Context: Jalal Talabani, President_
4. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: Jalal Talabani, President_
5. [ Jalal Talabani, a Kurdish leader, is named as Iraq's President. ](/news/2005/04/6/jalal-talabani-a-kurdish-leader-is-named-as-iraq-s-president.md) _Context: Jalal Talabani, President_
6. [Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: Jordan_
7. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Jordan_
8. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Jordan_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Jordan_
10. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Jordan_
