### [2012-08-28](/news/2012/08/28/index.md)

# An Israeli court rules that Israel is not responsible for the death of American activist Rachel Corrie at the hands of an Israeli Army bulldozer in the Gaza Strip in 2003. 

Israel was not at fault for the death of US activist Rachel Corrie, killed in Gaza by an Israeli army bulldozer in 2003, an Israeli court rules.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-19391814)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/rachel-corries-death-ruled-accidental-by-haifa-high-court/)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: The Israeli army finds a second tunnel laden with explosives dug from the Gaza Strip into Israel and proceeds to destroy it. ](/news/2013/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-army-finds-a-second-tunnel-laden-with-explosives-dug-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-and-proceeds.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Army_
2. [ Operation Autumn Clouds: A female Palestinian suicide bomber has blown herself up in a Gaza Strip town, killing herself and injuring an Israeli soldier, the Israeli army says. ](/news/2006/11/6/operation-autumn-clouds-a-female-palestinian-suicide-bomber-has-blown-herself-up-in-a-gaza-strip-town-killing-herself-and-injuring-an-isr.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Army_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
4. [Blockade of the Gaza Strip: A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
5. [Gaza-Israel conflict: A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),: Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
