### [2012-08-28](/news/2012/08/28/index.md)

# Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos announces the start of preliminary peace talks with the FARC-EP guerrilla group. 

President&rsquo;s announcement of talks with rebel commanders prompts cautious optimism.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/colombia-explores-peace-talks-with-farc/2012/08/28/7a1fcae2-f152-11e1-b74c-84ed55e0300b_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize: Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-nobel-peace-prize-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-receives-his-award-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
2. [2016 Nobel Peace Prize: The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-nobel-peace-prize-the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-effor.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
3. [Referendum: Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
4. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016: FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
5. [Colombian peace process: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-peace-process-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombian conflict: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [Colombian conflict: The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/colombian-conflict-the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [Colombian conflict: The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos announces that he will sign the peace deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC on September 26. ](/news/2016/09/2/colombian-conflict-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-announces-that-he-will-sign-the-peace-deal-with-the-revolutionary-armed-for.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian conflict: The Eastern Bloc of the FARC-EP, a unit of the FARC rebel group, announces its rejection of the recent ceasefire signed by its leader Timoleon Jimenez and the Colombian government of President Juan Manuel Santos, declaring it will not lay down its arms and demobilize and will continue to fight the government. ](/news/2016/07/7/colombian-conflict-the-eastern-bloc-of-the-farc-ep-a-unit-of-the-farc-rebel-group-announces-its-rejection-of-the-recent-ceasefire-signed.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces the discovery of the Spanish galleon San Jose which sunk off that country-s coast over 300 years ago. The discovery was a joint venture between Colombia and U.S. firm Sea Search Armada, which filed a lawsuit when Colombia claimed the wreck as a heritage site. The wreck-s cargo is placed somewhere in the $4 to $17 billion range. ](/news/2015/12/5/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-the-discovery-of-the-spanish-galleon-san-josa-c-which-sunk-off-that-country-s-coast-over-3.md) _Context: Juan Manuel Santos_
