### [2012-08-28](/news/2012/08/28/index.md)

# The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. 




### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/politicalintelligence/2012/08/28/mitt-romney-wins-gop-nomination-for-president-his-wife-ann-romney-talks-their-real-marriage/z3eaG2TuIGEGgB6X7BVU5J/story.html)

### Related:

1. [Mitt Romney accepts the nomination of the Republican Party to be its candidate in the 2012 US presidential election. ](/news/2012/08/30/mitt-romney-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-to-be-its-candidate-in-the-2012-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican, United States presidential election, 2012_
2. [Mitt Romney, the presumptive Republican Party nominee for the United States presidency, names Wisconsin Congressman Paul Ryan as the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate in the presidential election in November. ](/news/2012/08/11/mitt-romney-the-presumptive-republican-party-nominee-for-the-united-states-presidency-names-wisconsin-congressman-paul-ryan-as-the-republi.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican, United States presidential election, 2012_
3. [In the United States, prospective Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney condemns same-sex marriage as illegitimate. At the evangelical Christian Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, he describes marriage as exclusively "a relationship between one man and one woman." ](/news/2012/05/12/in-the-united-states-prospective-republican-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-condemns-same-sex-marriage-as-illegitimate-at-the-evangelic.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Republican, United States_
4. [Herman Cain announces that he will suspend his campaign for Republican nomination in the United States presidential election following a series of sexual harassment and other misconduct allegations. ](/news/2011/12/3/herman-cain-announces-that-he-will-suspend-his-campaign-for-republican-nomination-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-following-a-ser.md) _Context: Republican, United States, United States presidential election, 2012_
5. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Tampa, United States_
6. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Republican, United States_
7. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Republican, United States_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Republican, United States_
9. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: Republican, United States_
10. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Republican, United States_
