### [2003-11-4](/news/2003/11/4/index.md)

#  The Anglican Church splits over gay bishop. Half the archbishops of the Anglican union denounce the Episcopal Church's consecration of the world's first openly gay, Gene Robinson, non-celibate bishop and vowed not to recognize the appointment.




### Related:

1. [ The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-anglican-churches-of-north-america-ndash-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-and-the-anglican-church-of-canada-ndash-are-aske.md) _Context: Anglican Church, Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
2. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: Anglican Church, United States Episcopal Church_
3. [ The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. ](/news/2004/10/18/the-anglican-communion-s-lambeth-commission-on-communion-releases-the-windsor-report-the-commission-recommends-that-churches-throughout-th.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
4. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
5. [Dr. Rowan Williams announces his intention to retire as Archbishop of Canterbury at the end of the year. Having headed the Anglican Church since 2003, he will subsequently take up the role as Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge. ](/news/2012/03/16/dr-rowan-williams-announces-his-intention-to-retire-as-archbishop-of-canterbury-at-the-end-of-the-year-having-headed-the-anglican-church-s.md) _Context: Anglican Church_
6. [The Anglican Church in the United Kingdom considers guidelines allowing openly homosexual clergy to become bishops. ](/news/2011/06/20/the-anglican-church-in-the-united-kingdom-considers-guidelines-allowing-openly-homosexual-clergy-to-become-bishops.md) _Context: Anglican Church_
7. [ The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-church-of-uganda-the-anglican-province-of-uganda-appoints-a-bishop-in-the-united-states-john-guernsey-deepening-a-split-with-the-ep.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
8. [ The Anglican Church of Kenya consecrates two bishops from the Episcopal Church in the United States of America after they left the Episcopal Church due to concerns that the Church was consecrating gay bishops. ](/news/2007/08/30/the-anglican-church-of-kenya-consecrates-two-bishops-from-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-after-they-left-the-episcopa.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church_
9. [ Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican community, declines to invite gay Bishop of New Hampshire Gene Robinson and unrecognized conservative Bishop Martyn Minns of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America to the 2008 Lambeth Conference. ](/news/2007/05/22/rowan-williams-archbishop-of-canterbury-and-spiritual-head-of-the-anglican-community-declines-to-invite-gay-bishop-of-new-hampshire-gene.md) _Context: Gene Robinson_
10. [ Anglican archbishops give the U.S. church an ultimatum over its approach to issues such as homosexual clergy and blessings of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2007/02/20/anglican-archbishops-give-the-u-s-church-an-ultimatum-over-its-approach-to-issues-such-as-homosexual-clergy-and-blessings-of-same-sex-marr.md) _Context: Anglican Church_
