### [2003-11-4](/news/2003/11/4/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: In Saudi Arabia, an attempt at a terror attack on Saudi officials, pilgrims, or both, in the holy city of Mecca is foiled; plotters believed to be linked to Al Qaeda.




### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: Saudi Arabian authorities have broken up, for the second time, a militant ring in Mecca amid a wide crackdown on Islamic extremists. The police combated militants in the streets of the holy city of Mecca, killing two of the suspects and uncovering a large cache of weapons. The raid on two buildings in Mecca's al-Share'a neighborhood foiled a terrorist operation "that did not respect the sanctity of holy places and the month of Ramadan".](/news/2003/11/3/war-on-terrorism-saudi-arabian-authorities-have-broken-up-for-the-second-time-a-militant-ring-in-mecca-amid-a-wide-crackdown-on-islamic.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia, War on Terrorism_
2. [Saudi security forces shoot dead two alleged Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants while two others blew themselves up near Mecca, Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/05/5/saudi-security-forces-shoot-dead-two-alleged-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-while-two-others-blew-themselves-up-near-mecca.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Iran bans imports of all products made in Saudi Arabia and reiterates that the ban on Iranians traveling to the Saudi holy city of Mecca remains in place.](/news/2016/01/7/iran-bans-imports-of-all-products-made-in-saudi-arabia-and-reiterates-that-the-ban-on-iranians-traveling-to-the-saudi-holy-city-of-mecca-rem.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
4. [At least 719 people are dead and 863 people injured in a stampede near Mecca during the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2015/09/24/at-least-719-people-are-dead-and-863-people-injured-in-a-stampede-near-mecca-during-the-hajj-pilgrimage-in-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
5. [ Saudi police arrest 28 men for allegedly planning terrorist attacks against holy sites in Mecca and Medina. ](/news/2007/12/23/saudi-police-arrest-28-men-for-allegedly-planning-terrorist-attacks-against-holy-sites-in-mecca-and-medina.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
6. [ An estimated two million Muslims officially begin the annual pilgrimage, or hajj, in Mecca, Saudi Arabia ](/news/2006/01/8/an-estimated-two-million-muslims-officially-begin-the-annual-pilgrimage-or-hajj-in-mecca-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
7. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ Security officials in Saudi Arabia order 4600 extra troops into Mecca to provide increased security during Ramadan, saying that additional attacks could occur at any moment.](/news/2003/11/10/security-officials-in-saudi-arabia-order-4600-extra-troops-into-mecca-to-provide-increased-security-during-ramadan-saying-that-additional.md) _Context: Mecca, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
