
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatment.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatment.json)  [XML](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatment.xml)  

### [2007-08-9](/news/2007/08/9/index.md)

##### Dili
#  A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2007-08-09-2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana GusmGBPo as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau




### Changes:

1. [ A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2007-08-09-2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana Gusmao as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatmen.md) _2017-08-25 03:20:30 (First version)_
2. [ East Timor: A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2007-08-09-2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)]: Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana GusmGBPo as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/east-timor-a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medic.md) _2017-08-27 03:20:27 (Update)_
2. [ A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2007-08-09-2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana GusmGBPo as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatment.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Mario Viegas CarrascalGBPo resigns as the Deputy Prime Minister of East Timor leaving the Prime Minister Xanana GusmGBPo without a majority in the Parliament. ](/news/2010/09/10/ma-rio-viegas-carrascalagbpo-resigns-as-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-east-timor-leaving-the-prime-minister-xanana-gusmagbpo-without-a-majori.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister of East Timor, Xanana GusmGBPo_
2. [Kirsty Sword Gusmo, wife of East Timor's Prime Minister, backed by head of East Timor's child protection agency Carmen da Cruz, demands Australian woman Lala Noronha return to Dili 15 Timorese teenagers she has in Malaysia. However, the youths have stated that they do not want to go back. ](/news/2010/03/22/kirsty-sword-gusmao-wife-of-east-timor-s-prime-minister-backed-by-head-of-east-timor-s-child-protection-agency-carmen-da-cruz-demands-aus.md) _Context: Dili, East Timor, Malaysia_
3. [ Xanana GusmGBPo is sworn in as the Prime Minister of East Timor with the opposition Fretilin party boycotting the ceremony. ](/news/2007/08/8/xanana-gusmagbpo-is-sworn-in-as-the-prime-minister-of-east-timor-with-the-opposition-fretilin-party-boycotting-the-ceremony.md) _Context: East Timor, Fretilin, Xanana GusmGBPo_
4. [ Xanana GusmGBPo, President of East Timor, asks Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri to resign. ](/news/2006/06/21/xanana-gusmagbpo-president-of-east-timor-asks-prime-minister-mara-alkatiri-to-resign.md) _Context: East Timor, Prime Minister of East Timor, Xanana GusmGBPo_
5. [Elections are held in East Timor to vote for the nation's 4th President. Francisco Guterres, runner-up in the 2007 and 2012 elections, is expected to win due to the support of Xanana GusmGBPo. ](/news/2017/03/20/elections-are-held-in-east-timor-to-vote-for-the-nation-s-4th-president-francisco-guterres-runner-up-in-the-2007-and-2012-elections-is-ex.md) _Context: East Timor, Xanana GusmGBPo_
