### [2007-08-9](/news/2007/08/9/index.md)

#  The Dow Jones Industrial Average falls by nearly 400 points due to credit worries. Canadian and European stocks also fall. The European Central Bank, United States Federal Reserve and Bank of Canada all inject money into their credit markets to ease concerns. 




### Source:

1. [Market Watch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/story.aspx?guid=%7BE7B532C8%2D1B47%2D4E5D%2D8F68%2DC5E6C3CBBC1E%7D&siteid=rss)
1. [Cover Image](http://mw3.wsj.net/mw5/content/logos/mw_logo_social.png)

### Related:

1. [The Dow Jones Industrial Average surpasses pre-financial crisis levels, reaching an all-time high, last set in October 2007, after the release of better than expected economic data from the United States and Europe and the Chinese growth target. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-surpasses-pre-financial-crisis-levels-reaching-an-all-time-high-last-set-in-october-2007-after-the-relea.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Europe, U.S._
2. [ Stock prices in the United States and Europe rally after the Federal Reserve cuts its discount lending rate to restore confidence in the banking sector after the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2007/08/17/stock-prices-in-the-united-states-and-europe-rally-after-the-federal-reserve-cuts-its-discount-lending-rate-to-restore-confidence-in-the-ba.md) _Context: Europe, Federal Reserve, U.S._
3. [ The Dow Jones Industrial Average closes up over 215 points as a result of the United States Federal Reserve saying that it would consider the overall economy, and direction of inflation, in setting the interest rate. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the 17th consecutive time to 5.25% due to ongoing concerns about inflation. ](/news/2006/06/29/the-dow-jones-industrial-average-closes-up-over-215-points-as-a-result-of-the-united-states-federal-reserve-saying-that-it-would-consider-t.md) _Context: Dow Jones Industrial Average, Federal Reserve, U.S._
4. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
5. [Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-ahead-for-the-economy-of-the-un.md) _Context: Federal Reserve, U.S._
6. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
7. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
8. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
9. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
10. [U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia's expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-says-he-supports-a-permanent-brigade-size.md) _Context: Europe, U.S._
