### [2012-03-19](/news/2012/03/19/index.md)

# The President of East Timor Jose Ramos-Horta concedes defeat in the East Timorese presidential election with Taur Matan Ruak and Francisco Guterres likely to contest a runoff in April. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Newsday](http://www.newsday.com/news/nation/east-timor-president-concedes-defeat-in-election-1.3609732)

### Related:

1. [East Timorese presidential election, 2017: Elections are held in East Timor to vote for the nation's 4th President. Francisco Guterres, runner-up in the 2007 and 2012 elections, is expected to win due to the support of Xanana GusmGBPo. ](/news/2017/03/20/east-timorese-presidential-election-2017-elections-are-held-in-east-timor-to-vote-for-the-nation-s-4th-president-francisco-guterres-runn.md) _Context: 2012, Francisco Guterres, President_
2. [Voters in East Timor go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Jose Ramos-Horta standing against 11 other candidates. ](/news/2012/03/17/voters-in-east-timor-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-jose-ramos-horta-standing-against-11-other-candida.md) _Context: 2012, President_
3. [President of East Timor Jose Ramos-Horta begins his two-day first official state visit to Ireland by meeting Taoiseach Brian Cowen, urging the country to continue providing economic support as a priority nation and receiving an honorary doctorate from University College Dublin. ](/news/2010/03/8/president-of-east-timor-josa-c-ramos-horta-begins-his-two-day-first-official-state-visit-to-ireland-by-meeting-taoiseach-brian-cowen-urging.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President_
4. [ Jose Ramos-Horta, the President of East Timor, selects Xanana GusmGBPo as the Prime Minister of East Timor. ](/news/2007/08/6/josa-c-ramos-horta-the-president-of-east-timor-selects-xanana-gusmagbpo-as-the-prime-minister-of-east-timor.md) _Context: Jose Ramos-Horta, President_
5. [ An appeals court decides that the two candidates in the runoff election to decide the next President of East Timor will be current Prime Minister of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta and Francisco Guterres of Fretilin. Two of the unsuccessful candidates have announced that they will support Dr Ramos-Horta. ](/news/2007/04/21/an-appeals-court-decides-that-the-two-candidates-in-the-runoff-election-to-decide-the-next-president-of-east-timor-will-be-current-prime-mi.md) _Context: Francisco Guterres, President_
6. [ There will be a runoff election to select the next President of East Timor after no candidate achieves a majority of votes in the first round of voting. There are three candidates in contention for the runoff; the Prime Minister of East Timor Dr Jos Ramos-Horta, the Fretilin candidate Francisco Guterres and Fernando de Arajo of the Democratic Party. ](/news/2007/04/11/there-will-be-a-runoff-election-to-select-the-next-president-of-east-timor-after-no-candidate-achieves-a-majority-of-votes-in-the-first-rou.md) _Context: Francisco Guterres, President_
7. [ 2008 East Timor assassination attempts:: President of East Timor Jos Ramos-Horta is shot and wounded in an attack at his home. Rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado, who led the attack, is killed. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/02/11/2159179.htm (ABC News Australia)] [http://news.theage.com.au/ramoshorta-critical-on-arrival-in-nt/20080211-1rgx.html ("Melbourne Age")]: Prime Minister of East Timor Xanana Gusmo escapes unhurt from an attack on his motorcade.](/news/2008/02/11/2008-east-timor-assassination-attempts-president-of-east-timor-jose-ramos-horta-is-shot-and-wounded-in-an-attack-at-his-home-rebel-leade.md) _Context: President_
8. [ East Timorese presidential election, 2007: it is announced that Prime Minister Jos Ramos-Horta won the election against Francisco Guterres of Fretilin by 69% to 31%. ](/news/2007/05/11/east-timorese-presidential-election-2007-it-is-announced-that-prime-minister-jose-ramos-horta-won-the-election-against-francisco-guterres.md) _Context: Francisco Guterres_
9. [ East Timorese voters go to the polls to elect a new President of East Timor to replace Xanana Gusmo.](/news/2007/04/9/east-timorese-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-of-east-timor-to-replace-xanana-gusmao.md) _Context: President_
10. [ Australian troops enter the town of Same in East Timor where fugitive East Timorese army officer Alfredo Reinado was located with orders to arrest Reinado from the President of East Timor Xanana GusmGBPo. Reinado evades capture but five of his men are killed in the Battle of Same. ](/news/2007/03/4/australian-troops-enter-the-town-of-same-in-east-timor-where-fugitive-east-timorese-army-officer-alfredo-reinado-was-located-with-orders-to.md) _Context: President_
