### [2009-06-4](/news/2009/06/4/index.md)

#  England conducts local elections in 27 county councils and five unitary authorities. 

James Purnell, the work and pensions secretary, dealt a major blow to Gordon Brown&#039;s grip on power when he dramatically announced he was quitting the cabinet and asking Brown &#034;to stand aside to give Labour a fighting chance of winning the next election&#034;.


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5441946/Gordon-Brown-fights-for-political-life-amid-local-and-European-elections-MPs-expenses.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: county council, local elections_
2. [One Love Manchester. The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: England_
3. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England_
4. [2017 Newcastle incident. Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-newcastle-incident-six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do.md) _Context: England_
5. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: England_
6. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: England_
7. [Alan Turing law. The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/alan-turing-law-the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-engla.md) _Context: England_
8. [As many as 200 prisoners take over parts of HM Prison Bedford in Bedford, England, amid reports of a riot and explosions inside the Category B men's prison. ](/news/2016/11/6/as-many-as-200-prisoners-take-over-parts-of-hm-prison-bedford-in-bedford-england-amid-reports-of-a-riot-and-explosions-inside-the-category.md) _Context: England_
9. [English football sexual abuse scandal. Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/english-football-sexual-abuse-scandal-four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-i.md) _Context: England_
10. [A fire destroys the historic Royal Clarence Hotel in Exeter, Devon, which is described as the oldest hotel in England. ](/news/2016/10/28/a-fire-destroys-the-historic-royal-clarence-hotel-in-exeter-devon-which-is-described-as-the-oldest-hotel-in-england.md) _Context: England_
