### [2003-04-11](/news/2003/04/11/index.md)

#  Cuba executes three men charged with terrorism for hijacking a passenger ferry on April 2. Another four men receive life sentences.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. authorities detain Luis Posada Carriles, a CIA-linked anti-Castro militant, considered a terrorist by Cuba. ](/news/2005/05/17/u-s-authorities-detain-luis-posada-carriles-a-cia-linked-anti-castro-militant-considered-a-terrorist-by-cuba.md) _Context: Cuba, terrorism_
2. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, ](/news/2017/09/9/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-cuba-the-death-toll-across-the-caribbean-is-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: Cuba_
3. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
4. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba_
5. [An Aerogaviota-operated Antonov An-26 plane crashes in western Artemisa Province, Cuba, killing eight troops on board. ](/news/2017/04/29/an-aerogaviota-operated-antonov-an-26-plane-crashes-in-western-artemisa-province-cuba-killing-eight-troops-on-board.md) _Context: Cuba_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [The remains of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro are interred beside independence leader Jose Marti. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-remains-of-former-cuban-leader-fidel-castro-are-interred-beside-independence-leader-josa-c-marta.md) _Context: Cuba_
10. [Cuba's National Assembly of People's Power approves a law banning commemorative statues of late President Fidel Castro, and the naming of public places after him, in accordance with the wishes of Castro, who died last month. ](/news/2016/12/27/cuba-s-national-assembly-of-people-s-power-approves-a-law-banning-commemorative-statues-of-late-president-fidel-castro-and-the-naming-of-pu.md) _Context: Cuba_
