### [2006-01-30](/news/2006/01/30/index.md)

#  China and Russia agree to refer Iran to the United Nations Security Council for its nuclear program in March 2006. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060131/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iran_nuclear)

### Related:

1. [ The foreign ministers of Britain, France, and Germany declare that negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program have reached a "dead end." They recommend that Iran be referred to the United Nations Security Council, where the nation may face sanctions. ](/news/2006/01/12/the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-france-and-germany-declare-that-negotiations-with-iran-over-its-nuclear-program-have-reached-a-dead-end.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2004/11/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-just-three-days-after-an-agreement-with-the-european-union-took-effect-iran-prevents-the-international-atomic-ener.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
5. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
6. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United States confirms Iran tested a medium-range missile capable of delivering a nuclear weapon, in "clear violation" of a United Nations Security Council ban on ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2015/10/16/the-united-states-confirms-iran-tested-a-medium-range-missile-capable-of-delivering-a-nuclear-weapon-in-clear-violation-of-a-united-natio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves the Nuclear Pact between Iran and a group of six world powers in return for sanctions relief. ](/news/2015/07/20/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-the-nuclear-pact-between-iran-and-a-group-of-six-world-powers-in-return-for-sanctio.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
9. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
10. [The United Nations Security Council reports that Iran is buying foreign banks and money-exchange bureaus to sidestep economic sanctions. ](/news/2011/06/12/the-united-nations-security-council-reports-that-iran-is-buying-foreign-banks-and-money-exchange-bureaus-to-sidestep-economic-sanctions.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council_
