### [2003-03-11](/news/2003/03/11/index.md)

#  Kofi Annan, Secretary General of the United Nations, announces that UN-sponsored talks on the reunification of Cyprus have failed. Cyprus remains a candidate for EU membership and the Greek Cypriot government intends to sign on behalf of the whole island. Analysts suggested that Turkish opposition to unification may hurt Turkey's chances of joining the EU.




### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
2. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
3. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
4. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
5. [Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/russian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-us-the-eu-and-n.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
6. [European Union finance ministers and central bank governors begin a two-day meeting at Dublin Castle to talk about austerity, the collapse of the Cypriot economy and the creation of a federal bank. ](/news/2013/04/12/european-union-finance-ministers-and-central-bank-governors-begin-a-two-day-meeting-at-dublin-castle-to-talk-about-austerity-the-collapse-o.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
8. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
9. [Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-european-union-the-european-central-bank-an.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
10. [United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
