### [2003-03-11](/news/2003/03/11/index.md)

#  The 18 judges of the International Criminal Court are sworn in at The Hague.




### Related:

1. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
2. [The trial of former President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo for crimes against humanity begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-trial-of-former-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laurent-gbagbo-for-crimes-against-humanity-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-th.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
3. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
4. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
5. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
6. [The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-delivers-a-verdict-of-guilty-in-the-case-of-thomas-lubanga-dyilo-of-the-democratic-republic-of.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
7. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
8. [A French court orders the transfer of Rwandan Hutu leader, Callixte Mbarushimana, arrested in France for his involvement in the Rwandan Genocide, to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/6/a-french-court-orders-the-transfer-of-rwandan-hutu-leader-callixte-mbarushimana-arrested-in-france-for-his-involvement-in-the-rwandan-geno.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
9. [Callixte Mbarushimana, the rebel leader accused of committing war crimes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is extradited from France to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/25/callixte-mbarushimana-the-rebel-leader-accused-of-committing-war-crimes-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-is-extradited-from-france.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
10. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
