### [2010-08-8](/news/2010/08/8/index.md)

# Adaisseh incident:United States Representative Ron Klein calls for an investigation into American military aid to Lebanon to determine whether the Lebanese soldiers involved used American-supplied military equipment or received American-funded training. 

Florida congressman Ron Klein calls for US to stop military support.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/International/Article.aspx?id=184003)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. ](/news/2010/10/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-visits-lebanon-amidst-concern-from-israel-and-united-states.md) _Context: Lebanon, United States_
2. [Lebanon opens a bank account to help fund the country's army after the United States suspended the country's assistance due to the 2010 Israel-Lebanon border clash. ](/news/2010/08/15/lebanon-opens-a-bank-account-to-help-fund-the-country-s-army-after-the-united-states-suspended-the-country-s-assistance-due-to-the-2010-isra.md) _Context: Lebanon, United States_
3. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Lebanon, United States_
4. [ The United States embassy in Beirut seeks assistance in finding two US journalists missing in Lebanon. ](/news/2008/10/8/the-united-states-embassy-in-beirut-seeks-assistance-in-finding-two-us-journalists-missing-in-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, United States_
5. [ Earl Krugel, a leader of the Jewish Defence League, is sentenced to 20 years in prison after pleading guilty to a plot to blow up a mosque in Los Angeles and Lebanese-American congressman Darrell Issa's office. His co-accused, Irv Rubin, committed suicide in 2002. ](/news/2005/09/23/earl-krugel-a-leader-of-the-jewish-defence-league-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-after-pleading-guilty-to-a-plot-to-blow-up-a-mosque.md) _Context: Lebanon, United States_
6. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
10. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States_
