### [2010-08-8](/news/2010/08/8/index.md)

# Flash floods in the Baltic and Central Europe:. Flash floods sweep across central Europe and the Baltic states, killing at least 15 people - 5 Czechs, 4 Lithuanians, 3 Germans, 3 Poles -, whilst 3 Czechs are also missing. 

Flash floods brought on by torrential rains cause at least 15 deaths in central Europe and the Baltic, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10909818)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,5654781,00.html)
3. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,5877059,00.html)
4. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=24&art_id=nw20100808100453157C478137)
5. [Reuters Africa](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE67709O20100808?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
6. [The Age](http://news.theage.com.au/breaking-news-world/14-dead-in-central-europe-floods-20100809-11qqp.html)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Polish_
2. [European migrant crisis. Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/european-migrant-crisis-foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Polish_
3. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Lithuania, Polish_
4. [ U.S. President George W. Bush begins his tour of Europe in Prague before the G8 summit in Germany. During his visit, he intends to address the deployment of interceptor rockets, the establishment of radar bases in Poland and the Czech Republic, and the related tension that has arisen between the United States and Russia. ](/news/2007/06/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-begins-his-tour-of-europe-in-prague-before-the-g8-summit-in-germany-during-his-visit-he-intends-to-address.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Polish_
5. [ Hurricane force winds claim at least 40 lives in Western Europe including 10 lives in Britain and 11 in Germany, and other victims in The Netherlands (6), Poland (6), Czech Republic (3) and France (3). ](/news/2007/01/19/hurricane-force-winds-claim-at-least-40-lives-in-western-europe-including-10-lives-in-britain-and-11-in-germany-and-other-victims-in-the-n.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Polish_
6. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join. Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-ex.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Lithuania, Polish_
7. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: Lithuania, Polish_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Lithuania, Polish_
9. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Lithuania, Polish_
10. [European migrant crisis. Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/european-migrant-crisis-czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christi.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany_
