### [2007-01-3](/news/2007/01/3/index.md)

#  A prison guard is arrested in Baghdad under suspicion of secretly filming the execution of Saddam Hussein using a mobile phone and publishing the video on the Internet. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,7374-2529472,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](/d/778/img/dual-masthead-placeholder-16x9.png)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
2. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Saddam Hussein, 69, the deposed former Iraqi President, has been force-fed in a Baghdad hospital through a tube after 16 days of hunger strike. ](/news/2006/07/24/saddam-hussein-69-the-deposed-former-iraqi-president-has-been-force-fed-in-a-baghdad-hospital-through-a-tube-after-16-days-of-hunger-str.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ Saddam Hussein's principal defense lawyer, Khamis al-Obeidi, is assassinated in Baghdad. ](/news/2006/06/21/saddam-hussein-s-principal-defense-lawyer-khamis-al-obeidi-is-assassinated-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Saddam Hussein goes on trial in Baghdad for crimes against humanity. The former President of Iraq is led into court with seven associates, charged with ordering the killing of 143 Shi'a men in the town of Dujail in 1982. If convicted, Hussein could face capital punishment. ](/news/2005/10/19/saddam-hussein-goes-on-trial-in-baghdad-for-crimes-against-humanity-the-former-president-of-iraq-is-led-into-court-with-seven-associates.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])](/news/2005/04/19/the-united-iraqi-alliance-the-leading-coalition-in-the-new-government-of-iraq-demands-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-accused-of-ge.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". ](/news/2004/10/5/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-when-asked-about-connections-between-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-in-an-interview-with-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency announces that two weeks ago, the Iraqi government informed the agency that about 380 tons (345,000 kg) of powerful explosives, potentially usable in detonators for nuclear bombs, apparently disappeared from the Al-Qaqaa weapons facility, a site about 30 miles south of Baghdad, sometime shortly before or after Saddam Hussein's government fell. The Iraqi director of planning attributed the disappearance to "the theft and looting of the governmental installations due to lack of security", although other sources indicate the explosives could have been removed by the Hussein regime itself. (Reuters: [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6598253 1], [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6604096 2], CNN: [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.explosives/index.html 1], [http://edition.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/10/26/iraq.explosives/ 2])](/news/2004/10/25/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-the-iraqi-government-informed-the-agency-that-about-380-tons-345-000.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
9. [ An audio-tape, purportedly from Saddam Hussein, airs on the Dubai station al-Arabiya. The CIA later informs that it is probably not the voice of Saddam Hussein. At least two loud blasts echo across Baghdad after dark on Sunday night. Top Iraqi scientist Dr. Modher Sadeq-Saba al-Tamimi flees to Iran. After eight months without work, and with no clear plans from the occupying Coalition, the scientist seeks work abroad. Iranian officials deny the claims. In the United Kingdom, Tony Blair faces the "electoral poison" of U.S. President George W. Bush's state visit next week.](/news/2003/11/16/an-audio-tape-purportedly-from-saddam-hussein-airs-on-the-dubai-station-al-arabiya-the-cia-later-informs-that-it-is-probably-not-the-voi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Baghdad, Saddam Hussein_
