### [2007-01-3](/news/2007/01/3/index.md)

#  Fourteen-year-old Michael Perham becomes the youngest person to ever sail single-handedly across the Atlantic Ocean, when he completes a six-week voyage from Gibraltar by docking in Antigua. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2-2529769,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](/d/778/img/dual-masthead-placeholder-16x9.png)

### Related:

1. [Tropical Storm Isaac forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings in place for Puerto Rico, the US and British Virgin Islands, Martinique, Dominica, Guadeloupe, St Martin, St Kitts, Nevis, Antigua, Barbuda, Montserrat, Anguilla, Saba, St Eustatius, St Maarten, Culebra and Vieques. ](/news/2012/08/21/tropical-storm-isaac-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-in-place-for-puerto-rico-the-us-and-british-virgin-islands-m.md) _Context: Antigua, Atlantic Ocean_
2. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
3. [The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-fo.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
5. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
6. [SpaceX successfully launches Japanese communication satellite JCSAT-16 into geostationary orbit from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket used to place the satellite in orbit successfully landed on an autonomous spaceport drone ship in the Atlantic Ocean. ](/news/2016/08/14/spacex-successfully-launches-japanese-communication-satellite-jcsat-16-into-geostationary-orbit-from-cape-canaveral-air-force-station-in-flo.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
7. [Spain's Foreign Minister Jose Garcia-Margallo y Marfil says Spain will seek to jointly govern Gibraltar with Britain. Gibraltar, which is at the southern end of the Iberian peninsula bordering Spain, overwhelmingly voted in favour of Britain remaining in the EU. ](/news/2016/06/24/spain-s-foreign-minister-josa-c-garcaa-margallo-y-marfil-says-spain-will-seek-to-jointly-govern-gibraltar-with-britain-gibraltar-which-is.md) _Context: Gibraltar_
8. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, leaves New York on the 15th leg of its round-the-world journey, a 90-hour flight over the Atlantic Ocean to Western Europe. ](/news/2016/06/20/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-leaves-new-york-on-the-15th-leg-of-its-round-the-world-journey-a-90-hour-flight-over-the.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
9. [The Royal Navy's HMS "Sabre" fires warning shots at a Spanish Guardia Civil vessel after it twice attempted to cut across the path of United States Navy submarine USS "Florida" during an incursion into Gibraltar's territorial waters. Gibraltar officials say Spanish vessels regularly stray deep into its territorial waters and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has attacked the incursions as provocative. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-royal-navy-s-hms-sabre-fires-warning-shots-at-a-spanish-guardia-civil-vessel-after-it-twice-attempted-to-cut-across-the-path-of-united.md) _Context: Gibraltar_
10. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: Atlantic Ocean_
