### [2007-01-3](/news/2007/01/3/index.md)

#  The North Korean Korean Central News Agency reports that Foreign Minister Paek Nam-sun has died, without describing the cause of death. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6227151.stm)

### Related:

1. [North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states  the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-states-the-country-has-miniaturized-nuclear-warhe.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
2. [North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-test-and-test-launch-ballistic-missiles-capabl.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
3. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
4. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession-of-a-hydrogen-bomb-according-to-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
5. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
6. [The official North Korean news agency KCNA announces the country has detained four South Koreans for crossing the border into the country. ](/news/2010/02/26/the-official-north-korean-news-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-has-detained-four-south-koreans-for-crossing-the-border-into-the-country.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
7. [ 2006 North Korean nuclear testing The Korean Central News Agency of North Korea reports that the nation has tested its first nuclear weapon in an underground facility at Gilju in North Hamgyong province. This report was at least somewhat confirmed by a seismic event that was measured around the world. ](/news/2006/10/9/2006-north-korean-nuclear-testingp-the-korean-central-news-agency-of-north-korea-reports-that-the-nation-has-tested-its-first-nuclear-weapo.md) _Context: North Korea, state media_
8. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
