### [2004-10-7](/news/2004/10/7/index.md)

#  In Canada, a last minute compromise between the current minority federal government and the two largest opposition parties ends a dispute over the wording of the throne speech and avoids a premature dissolution of parliament. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1097185811026&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154)

### Related:

1. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons. With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. ](/news/2005/11/24/canadian-federal-election-2006-opposition-leader-stephen-harper-introduces-a-motion-of-no-confidence-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-wi.md) _Context: minority government, no confidence_
2. [The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-president-jacob-zuma-will-be-h.md) _Context: no confidence_
3. [The Parliament of Moldova passes a no-confidence vote against pro-EU incumbent prime-minister Valeriu Strelet's cabinet amidst growing political turmoil in the country. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-parliament-of-moldova-passes-a-no-confidence-vote-against-pro-eu-incumbent-prime-minister-valeriu-strelee-s-cabinet-amidst-growing-poli.md) _Context: no confidence_
4. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: minority government_
5. [Sweden's center-left government reaches a deal with the center-right opposition, The Alliance, giving a minority government room to govern so that the country's first snap election since 1958, originally planned for 22 March 2015, can be cancelled; the Sweden Democrats react by announcing that they will put down a motion of no confidence against Prime Minister Stefan Lofven. ](/news/2014/12/27/sweden-s-center-left-government-reaches-a-deal-with-the-center-right-opposition-the-alliance-giving-a-minority-government-room-to-govern-s.md) _Context: no confidence_
6. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: minority government_
7. [Official results for the 26 November general election confirm John Key's National Party holding a plurality of the votes and seats. With confidence and supply agreements with ACT New Zealand and United Future confirmed, National forms a minority government with a one-seat majority, returning the Fifth National Government to a second term in office. ](/news/2011/12/10/official-results-for-the-26-november-general-election-confirm-john-key-s-national-party-holding-a-plurality-of-the-votes-and-seats-with-con.md) _Context: minority government_
8. [The Australian Council of Trade Unions and Australian Workers' Union threatens to withdraw support for the Julia Gillard minority government's plans to introduce a carbon tax unless it can be guaranteed that no jobs will be lost. ](/news/2011/04/15/the-australian-council-of-trade-unions-and-australian-workers-union-threatens-to-withdraw-support-for-the-julia-gillard-minority-government.md) _Context: minority government_
9. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: minority government_
10. [Kuwaiti Prime Minister Nasser Mohammed Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah narrowly survives a no confidence vote, following a crackdown at an opposition demonstration in December. ](/news/2011/01/5/kuwaiti-prime-minister-nasser-mohammed-al-ahmed-al-sabah-narrowly-survives-a-no-confidence-vote-following-a-crackdown-at-an-opposition-demo.md) _Context: no confidence_
