### [2016-08-25](/news/2016/08/25/index.md)

# The death toll in Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs reaches 1,900 people killed. 

Police records and data gathered by Al Jazeera show close to 6,000 killed since new president took office on June 30.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/interactive/2016/08/philippines-death-toll-duterte-war-drugs-160825115400719.html)

### Related:

1. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
2. [During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congratulates-duterte-on-h.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
3. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
4. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
6. [Philippines president  Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president  Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
7. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
8. [The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of ''The New York Times'', and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-coverage-of-the-philipp.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
9. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
10. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
