### [2015-06-25](/news/2015/06/25/index.md)

# A journalist from CNN is shot and killed in the Philippines, the 27th journalist murdered during the administration of Benigno Aquino III. 

(UPDATED) Jonathan Oldan will be the 27th journalist to be killed under the Aquino administration, if his death is proven to be work-related, says the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines


### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/97407-cnn-ph-cameraman-killed-cavite)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
2. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
3. [The Philippine Commission on Elections disqualifies presidential frontrunner Grace Poe, who is a rival of Mar Roxas, the candidate favored by President Benigno Aquino III. The move is widely believed to be politically motivated. ](/news/2015/12/22/the-philippine-commission-on-elections-disqualifies-presidential-frontrunner-grace-poe-who-is-a-rival-of-mar-roxas-the-candidate-favored-b.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
4. [Human rights activists and families of the victims decry the lack of justice six years after the murder of around 58 people, including journalists and politicians,  in Maguindanao, Mindanao. They criticize the regime of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III for the lack of convictions in the trial. ](/news/2015/11/23/human-rights-activists-and-families-of-the-victims-decry-the-lack-of-justice-six-years-after-the-murder-of-around-58-people-including-journ.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
5. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
6. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III holds his final State of the Nation Address before stepping down in 2016.  He advocates the passage of the Bangsamoro Basic Law and an anti-dynasty bill. ](/news/2015/07/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-holds-his-final-state-of-the-nation-address-before-stepping-down-in-2016-he-advocates-the-passage.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
7. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III asks Indonesian President Joko Widodo to spare the life of Mary Jane Veloso, a migrant domestic worker sentenced to death for drug trafficking.  ](/news/2015/04/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-asks-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-to-spare-the-life-of-mary-jane-veloso-a-migrant-domestic-wor.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
8. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
9. [A motorcycle gunman shoots and kills a journalist in the Philippines who had been critical of local officials' alleged involvement in the illegal drug trade. The murder of the journalist is the 34th since the regime of Benigno Aquino III began in 2010. ](/news/2015/02/14/a-motorcycle-gunman-shoots-and-kills-a-journalist-in-the-philippines-who-had-been-critical-of-local-officials-alleged-involvement-in-the-il.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
10. [An unknown gunman shoots dead Nerlita Ledesma, a journalist from the Philippine tabloid ''Abante'' in the province of Bataan; her death is the 172nd murder of a journalist since the return of democracy in 1986 and the 31st during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/8/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-dead-nerlita-ledesma-a-journalist-from-the-philippine-tabloid-abante-in-the-province-of-bataan-her-death-is-t.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine_
