### [2015-06-25](/news/2015/06/25/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces re-enter the Kurdish town of Koban after a successful large-scale counterattack against the Kurds. 

Islamic State militants fight Kurdish troops in the northern Syrian city of Kobane, months after their symbolic defeat there.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-33266399?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish People's Protection Units have captured the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/06/16/kurdish-people-s-protection-units-have-captured-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL militants have captured 60 villages near the Kurdish town of Kobani on the border with Turkey. ](/news/2014/09/20/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-isil-militants-have-captured-60-villages-near-the-kurdish-town-of-kobani-on-the-border-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Koban, Kurdish_
3. [Syrian state television reports the Syrian Army reaches a point 3 kilometers from Deir ez-Zor, a city besieged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant since 2014. ](/news/2017/09/4/syrian-state-television-reports-the-syrian-army-reaches-a-point-3-kilometers-from-deir-ez-zor-a-city-besieged-by-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
4. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
5. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
6. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam". ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
