### [2015-06-25](/news/2015/06/25/index.md)

# The wreckage of a small plane carrying eight passengers on a shore excursion from Holland America Line's "MS Westerdam" cruise ship is discovered near the Alaskan town of Ketchikan. All nine people on board including the pilot died. 

A recovery team will attempt to reach the wreckage of a sightseeing plane Friday to begin the grim task of removing the bodies of the pilot and eight passengers from a Seattle-based cruise ship.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Seattle Times](http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/plane-missing-in-alaska-with-nine-on-board/)

### Related:

1. [A large fire continues to burn at the Peter Pan Seafoods fish processing plant in Port Moller, Alaska, on the Alaska Peninsula. Much of the facility has been destroyed, and the plant is out of commission. Power is out in the village. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-large-fire-continues-to-burn-at-the-peter-pan-seafoods-fish-processing-plant-in-port-moller-alaska-on-the-alaska-peninsula-much-of-the.md) _Context: Alaska_
2. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Alaska_
3. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Alaska_
4. [Two people are attacked and killed by black bears, in separate incidents in Alaska, following a rise in bear attacks in that state. ](/news/2017/06/19/two-people-are-attacked-and-killed-by-black-bears-in-separate-incidents-in-alaska-following-a-rise-in-bear-attacks-in-that-state.md) _Context: Alaska_
5. [Representatives of the Arctic Council, a group of eight countries that border the Arctic Circle, meet in Alaska to discuss oil drilling. ](/news/2017/05/11/representatives-of-the-arctic-council-a-group-of-eight-countries-that-border-the-arctic-circle-meet-in-alaska-to-discuss-oil-drilling.md) _Context: Alaska_
6. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Alaska_
7. [An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials-safety-administration-finds-that-the-n.md) _Context: Alaska_
8. [An arriving passenger from Alaska removes his checked-baggage pistol and kills five people and injures six at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida. ](/news/2017/01/6/an-arriving-passenger-from-alaska-removes-his-checked-baggage-pistol-and-kills-five-people-and-injures-six-at-the-fort-lauderdaleahollywoo.md) _Context: Alaska_
9. [A volcanic eruption continues on Bogoslof Island near Unalaska, in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. The eruption has impacted air transportation routes. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-volcanic-eruption-continues-on-bogoslof-island-near-unalaska-in-the-aleutian-islands-of-alaska-the-eruption-has-impacted-air-transportat.md) _Context: Alaska_
10. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people from the sinking 220-foot "Alaska Juris" fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat-in.md) _Context: Alaska_
