### [2009-08-23](/news/2009/08/23/index.md)

#  Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. 

Iraq has broadcast a video of a Saddam Hussein loyalist confessing to orchestrating one of two massive truck bombings that killed 95 people in Baghdad.


### Source:

1. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/Breaking%2BNews/World/Story/STIStory_420604.html)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/iraq-broadcasts-truck-bomber-confession-20090824-evef.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://images.smh.com.au/2011/08/09/2545355/facebook-thumb-smh.png)

### Related:

1. [ Syria and Iraq recall their ambassadors over a dispute following the recent bombings in Baghdad last week. ](/news/2009/08/25/syria-and-iraq-recall-their-ambassadors-over-a-dispute-following-the-recent-bombings-in-baghdad-last-week.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, bombings_
2. [ Trial of Saddam Hussein: An appeal court in Baghdad has rejected former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein's appeal against the death sentence handed down on November 5 for the 1982 killings of Shias in Dujail. By Iraqi law, the execution by hanging has to be carried out within 30 days after the announcement of the rejection. ](/news/2006/12/26/trial-of-saddam-hussein-an-appeal-court-in-baghdad-has-rejected-former-iraqi-leader-saddam-hussein-s-appeal-against-the-death-sentence-han.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ Saddam Hussein, 69, the deposed former Iraqi President, has been force-fed in a Baghdad hospital through a tube after 16 days of hunger strike. ](/news/2006/07/24/saddam-hussein-69-the-deposed-former-iraqi-president-has-been-force-fed-in-a-baghdad-hospital-through-a-tube-after-16-days-of-hunger-str.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". ](/news/2004/10/5/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-when-asked-about-connections-between-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-in-an-interview-with-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Iraq's former defense minister, Sultan Hashim Ahmed, surrenders to Coalition troops. He was seen at Saddam Hussein's side in what is thought to have been the ousted dictator's last public appearance as Baghdad fell. He is number 27 on the most-wanted list of former top officials under Saddam Hussein (also eight of hearts). The ex-minister surrendered at a house in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and was being taken to Baghdad.](/news/2003/09/19/occupation-of-iraq-iraq-s-former-defense-minister-sultan-hashim-ahmed-surrenders-to-coalition-troops-he-was-seen-at-saddam-hussein-s.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ Baghdad falls to coalition forces. American infantrymen seize deserted Ba'ath Party ministries and pull down a huge iron statue of Saddam Hussein at the Firdos Square in front of the Palestine Hotel, as a symbolic ending his autocratic rule of Iraq. Baghdad citizens then dragged the severed head of the statue through the streets of the city. Dozens of people there cheer U.S. soldiers, according to BBC. Much looting of cars and buildings is seen in Baghdad and other cities as the government and police lost control.](/news/2003/04/9/baghdad-falls-to-coalition-forces-american-infantrymen-seize-deserted-ba-ath-party-ministries-and-pull-down-a-huge-iron-statue-of-saddam-h.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
