### [2009-08-23](/news/2009/08/23/index.md)

#  Tens of thousands of people in the Baltic states mark the twentieth anniversary of the 'Baltic Way' - when two million people formed a human chain to protest against Soviet Union rule. [http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2009/08/200982318443710242.html (Aljazeera)], [http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2009/aug/19/eu-parliament-soviet-nazi-history (Guardian)], [http://www.baltictimes.com/news/articles/23392/ (Baltic Times)].




### Related:

1. [The Wallenberg family files an application to formally declare Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg (born in 1912) to be dead. Wallenberg saved the lives of thousands of Jews in World War II only to disappear at the hands of the Soviet forces. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-wallenberg-family-files-an-application-to-formally-declare-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-born-in-1912-to-be-dead-wallenberg-saved.md) _Context: Soviet_
2. [The Dutch Safety Board releases their final report into the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster that concludes that the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot-down by a Russian-made Buk missile system on 17 July 2014 killing 298 people. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-dutch-safety-board-releases-their-final-report-into-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-that-concludes-that-the-flight-from.md) _Context: Soviet_
3. [United States Department of Defense says that Russia has deployed armoured vehicles and troops to Syria in what has been described as the "first clear sign of offensive weapons arriving in Syria" and "the largest deployment of Russian forces outside the former Soviet Union since the collapse of the USSR". ](/news/2015/09/14/united-states-department-of-defense-says-that-russia-has-deployed-armoured-vehicles-and-troops-to-syria-in-what-has-been-described-as-the-f.md) _Context: Soviet_
4. [Estonia becomes the first former Soviet republic to legalize gay partnerships and grant equal rights to same-sex couples.](/news/2014/10/9/estonia-becomes-the-first-former-soviet-republic-to-legalize-gay-partnerships-and-grant-equal-rights-to-same-sex-couples.md) _Context: Soviet_
5. [Five Russian lawmakers have asked the Prosecutor General of Russia, Yury Chaika, to investigate whether former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev should face charges for his role in the breakup of the Soviet Union.  ](/news/2014/04/10/five-russian-lawmakers-have-asked-the-prosecutor-general-of-russia-yury-chaika-to-investigate-whether-former-soviet-leader-mikhail-gorbach.md) _Context: Soviet_
6. [Construction work near Berlin's main train station reveals a 100-kilogram Soviet bomb from World War II. It was successfully removed several hours after it was found. ](/news/2013/04/3/construction-work-near-berlin-s-main-train-station-reveals-a-100-kilogram-soviet-bomb-from-world-war-ii-it-was-successfully-removed-several.md) _Context: Soviet_
7. [Newly declassified documents confirm that the United States deliberately ignored Soviet involvement in the 1940 Katyn massacre, despite credible evidence to the contrary provided no later than 1943. While until 1945 this choice could be explained as World War II grand strategy, it is not known why the White House remained silent on the matter until now. ](/news/2012/09/11/newly-declassified-documents-confirm-that-the-united-states-deliberately-ignored-soviet-involvement-in-the-1940-katyn-massacre-despite-cred.md) _Context: Soviet_
8. [Former President of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev says that the Russian authorities must acknowledge the recent street protests, annul the results of Sunday's parliamentary election and hold a new poll. ](/news/2011/12/7/former-president-of-the-soviet-union-mikhail-gorbachev-says-that-the-russian-authorities-must-acknowledge-the-recent-street-protests-annul.md) _Context: Soviet_
9. [Russian human rights activist Yelena Bonner, the widow of Soviet dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Andrei Sakharov, dies in the city of Boston, MA, USA. ](/news/2011/06/18/russian-human-rights-activist-yelena-bonner-the-widow-of-soviet-dissident-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-andrei-sakharov-dies-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Soviet_
10. [Estonia, one of the Baltic republics of the former Soviet Union, adopts the euro as its official currency, becoming the 17th country to do so. ](/news/2010/12/31/estonia-one-of-the-baltic-republics-of-the-former-soviet-union-adopts-the-euro-as-its-official-currency-becoming-the-17th-country-to-do-s.md) _Context: Soviet_
