### [2017-08-6](/news/2017/08/6/index.md)

# Armed men dressed as soldiers attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. 

Army chief says ‘peace has triumphed’, though TV footage is inconclusive, after video released showing group of armed men calling for rebellion


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/aug/06/venezuela-government-terrorist-attack-military-base)

### Related:

1. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
3. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
4. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
5. [Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash-between-lawmakers-and-the-bolivarian-national-guard-gnb-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
6. [A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-protesters-tear-down-a-stat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Valencia, Carabobo_
7. [  The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security-amidst-opposition-demands-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan Army_
8. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis_
9. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis_
10. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro_
