### [2017-08-6](/news/2017/08/6/index.md)

# Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. 

Army chief says ‘peace has triumphed’, though TV footage is inconclusive, after video released showing group of armed men calling for rebellion


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKBN1AM0HA)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/aug/06/venezuela-government-terrorist-attack-military-base)

### Related:

1. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Guard, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [Peru-Venezuela relationsShortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peruavenezuela-relationspshortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator-i.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Constituent Assembly, Nicolas Maduro_
3. [The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposition-led-national-assembly-of-venezuela.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, National Constituent Assembly_
4. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
5. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
6. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
7. [Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash-between-lawmakers-and-the-bolivarian-national-guard-gnb-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
8. [A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-protesters-tear-down-a-stat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Valencia, Carabobo_
9. [  The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security-amidst-opposition-demands-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan Army_
10. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: National Constituent Assembly_
