### [2017-08-6](/news/2017/08/6/index.md)

# Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: During one of the meetings of the 50th Association of Southeast Asian Nations Regional Forum at Manila, the foreign ministers of the member nations issued a communique "emphasizing the importance of non-militarisation and self-restraint," ending an impasse regarding the disputes on the South China Sea. 

Southeast Asian foreign ministers ended an impasse on Sunday over how to address disputes with China in the South China Sea, issuing a communique that called for militarization to be avoided and noting concern about island-building.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-asean-philippines-southchinasea-state-idUSKBN1AM0IR)

### Related:

1. [APEC Philippines 2015: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama-s comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/apec-philippines-2015-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artifici.md) _Context: Manila, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [Philippine Drug War: At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/philippine-drug-war-at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecuti.md) _Context: Manila_
3. [Philippine Drug War: At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Manila_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The USS Dewey sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Mischief Reef in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/05/25/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-uss-dewey-sails-within-12-nautical-miles-of-the-disputed-mischief-reef-in-the-south-china-s.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [More than 10,000 people are left homeless after a fire ravages a densely populated neighborhood of the Philippines capital Manila. ](/news/2017/02/8/more-than-10-000-people-are-left-homeless-after-a-fire-ravages-a-densely-populated-neighborhood-of-the-philippines-capital-manila.md) _Context: Manila_
7. [As many as fifty thousand people gather in Manila for a march organized by the Philippine Catholic Church to protest the Philippine Drug War. ](/news/2017/02/18/as-many-as-fifty-thousand-people-gather-in-manila-for-a-march-organized-by-the-philippine-catholic-church-to-protest-the-philippine-drug-war.md) _Context: Manila_
8. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Association of Southeast Asian Nations_
9. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: Manila_
10. [Musician James Taylor cancels a concert in Manila to protest the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2016/12/21/musician-james-taylor-cancels-a-concert-in-manila-to-protest-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Manila_
