### [2008-11-3](/news/2008/11/3/index.md)

#  A report issued by an independent investigator hired by the Alaska Personnel Board finds that Republican Vice Presidential candidate and Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin did not violate the law with regards to the so called "Troopergate scandal". However, a previous, separate legislative investigation concluded that she did abuse her office. 

Gov. Sarah Palin violated no ethics laws when she fired her public safety commissioner, the state personnel board concluded in a report released Monday.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/27524238/)

### Related:

1. [Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin-endorses-republican-party-presidential-can.md) _Context: Governor of Alaska, Republicans, Sarah Palin_
2. [ U.S. Republican Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin's 17-year-old daughter Bristol is revealed to be five months pregnant. ](/news/2008/09/1/u-s-republican-vice-presidential-candidate-sarah-palin-s-17-year-old-daughter-bristol-is-revealed-to-be-five-months-pregnant.md) _Context: Republicans, Sarah Palin, U.S. Vice President_
3. [The former Governor of Alaska Sarah Palin announces that she will not put her name forward as a Republican candidate for the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/5/the-former-governor-of-alaska-sarah-palin-announces-that-she-will-not-put-her-name-forward-as-a-republican-candidate-for-the-2012-presidenti.md) _Context: Republicans, Sarah Palin_
4. [ American politician Sarah Palin, current Governor of Alaska and 2008 Vice Presidential candidate, announces her resignation as Governor, effective July 26. ](/news/2009/07/3/american-politician-sarah-palin-current-governor-of-alaska-and-2008-vice-presidential-candidate-announces-her-resignation-as-governor-ef.md) _Context: Sarah Palin, U.S. Vice President_
5. [ John McCain picks Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2008/08/29/john-mccain-picks-alaska-governor-sarah-palin-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate-for-the-republican-nomination-for-the-u-s-presidential.md) _Context: Republicans, Sarah Palin_
6. [A gunman opens fire at a Congressional Baseball practice, injuring five people, including United States Congressman Steve Scalise (R-LA-01) who is in critical condition. Only Republicans were on the field at that time; Democrats had practiced earlier. The suspected gunman later died from injuries after exchanging gunfire with Capitol Police. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-congressional-baseball-practice-injuring-five-people-including-united-states-congressman-steve-scalise-r-la-01.md) _Context: Republicans_
7. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republicans_
8. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Republicans_
9. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Republicans_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report  that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on  the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-tested-near-the-city-of-sinpo-on-the.md) _Context: U.S. Vice President_
