### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. 

A federal judge has postponed a hearing set for Tuesday that would have been the next step toward settling the battle between Apple and the FBI.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/us-government-apples-encryption-case/story?id=37838682)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/21/471353161/fbi-says-it-may-be-able-to-access-shooters-iphone-without-apples-help)
2. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2016/03/21/ap_1603212105294237_wide-93dacc9d09743506a7fb86a391c0c8493d96ebd4.jpg?s=1400)

### Related:

1. [Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-to-one-of-the-san-bernardino-shoo.md) _Context: FBI, FBI-Apple encryption dispute, San Bernardino, iPhone_
2. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the "Business Insider". ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: FBI, San Bernardino, iPhone_
3. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: Department of Justice, San Bernardino_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-federal-bur.md) _Context: Department of Justice, FBI_
5. [The Trump administration, through the Department of Justice, reverses an Obama-era policy which used Title VII of the Civil Rights Act to protect transgender employees from discrimination. ](/news/2017/10/5/the-trump-administration-through-the-department-of-justice-reverses-an-obama-era-policy-which-used-title-vii-of-the-civil-rights-act-to-pr.md) _Context: Department of Justice_

### Changes:

1. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/fbiaapple-encryption-dispute-pa-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstr.md) _2017-05-25 03:47:17 (First version)_
2. [A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/a-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstrated-a-way-to-access-syed-rizw.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:59 (Update)_
3. [FBI-Apple encryption dispute: A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/fbi-apple-encryption-dispute-a-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstr.md) _2017-08-27 03:45:20 (Update)_
3. [A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a way to access Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman, says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. ](/news/2016/03/22/a-federal-judge-postpones-tuesday-s-hearing-at-the-government-s-request-the-fbi-says-a-third-party-demonstrated-a-way-to-access-syed-rizwan.md) _(Current version)_
