### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a  way to access  Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman,  says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. 

A federal judge has postponed a hearing set for Tuesday that would have been the next step toward settling the battle between Apple and the FBI.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/us-government-apples-encryption-case/story?id=37838682)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/21/471353161/fbi-says-it-may-be-able-to-access-shooters-iphone-without-apples-help)

### Related:

1. [Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-to-one-of-the-san-bernardino-shoo.md) _Context: FBI, FBI-Apple encryption dispute, San Bernardino, iPhone_
2. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the ''Business Insider''. ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: FBI, San Bernardino, iPhone_
3. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: San Bernardino, U.S. Justice Department_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-federal-bur.md) _Context: FBI, U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The U.S. Justice Department plans on challenging American colleges and universities on affirmative action decisions that it views disproportionately affect Asian and White American students. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-u-s-justice-department-plans-on-challenging-american-colleges-and-universities-on-affirmative-action-decisions-that-it-views-disproport.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
6. [A woman is killed aboard the ''Emerald Princess'' cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passengers-are-detai.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individuals-are-accused-of-collectively-d.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [After ''The Intercept'' publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-suppli.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
