### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# Brazil President Dilma Rousseff says she will not resign under any circumstances because she hadn't committed a crime, and equated a bid to impeach her to a coup d'etat against democratic rule.  A congressional impeachment committee has started hearings.  Rousseff could be suspended if the Chamber of Deputies approves the motion to impeach. The president urged the Supreme Court to remain impartial in this political crisis.   




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-idUSKCN0WO2LU)
2. [Yahoo7](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/31149721/brazils-lula-victim-of-intimidation-campaign-foundation/)

### Related:

1. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
2. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Dilma Rousseff, President_
3. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
4. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
5. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
6. [Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes overwhelmingly (367-137) in favor of impeachment procedures against President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/17/brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-overwhelmingly-367-137-in-favor-of-impeachment-procedures-against-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil's Chamber of Deputies, Dilma Rousseff, President_
7. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-the-parliament-to-begin-impeachment-procedure.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
8. [The Progressive Party announces it is leaving President Dilma Rousseff's coalition government and that its 47 politicians would support her impeachment. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-progressive-party-announces-it-is-leaving-president-dilma-rousseff-s-coalition-government-and-that-its-47-politicians-would-support-her.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
9. [President Dilma Rousseff loses another key member of the country's 2016 Summer Olympics organization. Colonel Adilson Moreira of the National Public Security Force, who was in charge of organizing security, in an email to his colleagues reportedly criticizes the President and other senior officials, saying he is ashamed of the country's being led by an "unscrupulous group."  Brazilian officials, who earlier received Sports Minister George Hilton's resignation, say the planning for the Olympic Games will not be affected. ](/news/2016/04/1/president-dilma-rousseff-loses-another-key-member-of-the-country-s-2016-summer-olympics-organization-colonel-adilson-moreira-of-the-nationa.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Dilma Rousseff, President_
10. [Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since  it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on   presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2016/03/31/brazil-s-supreme-court-voted-8-2-to-take-over-the-corruption-investigation-of-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-silva-alleges-jud.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, President, Supreme Federal Court_
