### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# FBI-Apple encryption dispute A federal judge postpones Tuesday's hearing at the government's request. The FBI says a third party demonstrated a  way to access  Syed Rizwan Farook's iPhone. Melanie Newman, U.S. Department of Justice spokeswoman,  says officials are cautiously optimistic a test of this method will allow access to the phone without compromising the data. 

A federal judge has postponed a hearing set for Tuesday that would have been the next step toward settling the battle between Apple and the FBI.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/03/21/471353161/fbi-says-it-may-be-able-to-access-shooters-iphone-without-apples-help)
2. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/us-government-apples-encryption-case/story?id=37838682)

### Related:

1. [Federal prosecutors announce the case against Apple Inc., concerning encrypted data on an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, has been dropped since the FBI has found a means to access the data without compromising any information on the phone. ](/news/2016/03/28/federal-prosecutors-announce-the-case-against-apple-inc-concerning-encrypted-data-on-an-iphone-belonging-to-one-of-the-san-bernardino-shoo.md) _Context: FBI, FBI–Apple encryption dispute, San Bernardino, iPhone_
2. [John McAfee, creator of the anti-virus software McAfee, Inc. and former CEO, offers to unlock an iPhone that belonged to San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook for the FBI for free after Apple Inc. refused to comply with a court order asking it to unlock the device. McAfee said "It will take us three weeks," with access to a super-computer in an article published by the ''Business Insider''. ](/news/2016/02/19/john-mcafee-creator-of-the-anti-virus-software-mcafee-inc-and-former-ceo-offers-to-unlock-an-iphone-that-belonged-to-san-bernardino-atta.md) _Context: FBI, San Bernardino, iPhone_
3. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: San Bernardino, U.S. Justice Department_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-federal-bur.md) _Context: FBI, U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for-her-suspected-kidnapper-tad-cum.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
8. [The U.S. Justice Department tells the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that it won't be seeking further action by the court since this executive order will soon be replaced by a different one.  Justice added they expect the Ninth Circuit ruling will be vacated once the new executive order is issued. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-u-s-justice-department-tells-the-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-that-it-won-t-be-seeking-further-action-by-the-court-since-this-executi.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
9. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
10. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: FBI_
