### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. 

A Russian court sentences Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko to 22 years in jail in a case relating to the deaths of two Russian journalists.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/kerry-off-russia-syria-talks-brussels-attacks-loom-37850028)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35873683)
3. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/article/563143.html)

### Related:

1. [After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-recommends-expelling-35-american-dip.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Sergey Lavrov, United States, Vladimir Putin_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry, Ukrainian, United States Secretary of State, War in Donbass_
3. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says  a tentative  ceasefire agreement  reached with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov  is now being presented  to the opposing forces. ](/news/2016/02/21/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-a-tentative-ceasefire-agreement-reached-with-russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-is-now-being.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, John Kerry, Sergey Lavrov, United States Secretary of State_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry will meet President of Russia Vladimir Putin during his first visit to Russia since the Ukraine crisis began. ](/news/2015/05/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-will-meet-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-during-his-first-visit-to-russia-since-the-ukraine.md) _Context: John Kerry, Russian President, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
5. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, John Kerry, Sergey Lavrov, United States Secretary of State_
6. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, Syria, United States, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ The President of Russia Vladimir Putin threatens to renounce the Cold War-era INF Treaty while calling on the United States to abandon a proposed European missile shield in talks with the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defence Robert Gates. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-threatens-to-renounce-the-cold-war-era-inf-treaty-while-calling-on-the-united-states-to-abandon-a-pr.md) _Context: Russian President, United States, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
8. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukrainian, Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
10. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: John Kerry, Sergey Lavrov, United States_
