### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. 

A Russian court sentences Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko to 22 years in jail in a case relating to the deaths of two Russian journalists.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/kerry-off-russia-syria-talks-brussels-attacks-loom-37850028)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35873683)
3. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/article/563143.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations. After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/russia-united-states-relations-after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-re.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Sergey Lavrov, United States, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Ukraine-United States relations. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/ukraine-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-endi.md) _Context: John Kerry, Ukraine, United States Secretary of State, War in Donbass_
3. [Syrian Civil War peace process. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says a tentative ceasefire agreement reached with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov is now being presented to the opposing forces. ](/news/2016/02/21/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-a-tentative-ceasefire-agreement-reached-with-russian-foreign-ministe.md) _Context: John Kerry, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, United States Secretary of State_
4. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry will meet President of Russia Vladimir Putin during his first visit to Russia since the Ukraine crisis began. ](/news/2015/05/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-will-meet-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-during-his-first-visit-to-russia-since-the-ukraine.md) _Context: John Kerry, Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
5. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: John Kerry, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov, United States Secretary of State_
6. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, Syria, United States, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ The President of Russia Vladimir Putin threatens to renounce the Cold War-era INF Treaty while calling on the United States to abandon a proposed European missile shield in talks with the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defence Robert Gates. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-threatens-to-renounce-the-cold-war-era-inf-treaty-while-calling-on-the-united-states-to-abandon-a-pr.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russia-United States relations. Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russia-united-states-relations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States_
9. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russia-United States relations. When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
