### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry holds a meeting with leaders of FARC in a sign of encouragement in ending Colombia's half-century old conflict. 

US secretary of state says meetings in Havana with guerrillas still on Washington’s list of terrorist groups and Colombian government ‘encouraging’


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/22/john-kerry-unprecedented-peace-talks-colombia-farc-rebels-havana)

### Related:

1. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peace-accord-in-cartagen.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian conflict, rebel leader_
2. [The government of Colombia and FARC finalise a peace deal ending 50 years of conflict. ](/news/2016/08/24/the-government-of-colombia-and-farc-finalise-a-peace-deal-ending-50-years-of-conflict.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian conflict, rebel leader_
3. [The government of Colombia and FARC rebels sign a ceasefire deal, putting an end to 50 years of conflict in the country between the two sides. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-colombia-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-ceasefire-deal-putting-an-end-to-50-years-of-conflict-in-the-country-between-the-two-side.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian conflict, rebel leader_
4. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
5. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says that the United States will accept 85,000 refugees from the world in 2016, up from this year's 70,000 refugees, and will increase to 100,000 refugees in 2017. ](/news/2015/09/20/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-that-the-united-states-will-accept-85-000-refugees-from-the-world-in-2016-up-from-this-year-s-70-00.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
7. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
9. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94a3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: John Kerry, U.S., United States Secretary of State_
10. [ Colombian authorities release seized videos of 16 hostages being held by the FARC rebel group; these include former senator and presidential candidate ngrid Betancourt, last heard from in 2002, and three U.S. defence contractors abducted in 2003. ](/news/2007/11/30/colombian-authorities-release-seized-videos-of-16-hostages-being-held-by-the-farc-rebel-group-these-include-former-senator-and-presidentia.md) _Context: Colombia, U.S., rebel leader_
