### [2016-03-22](/news/2016/03/22/index.md)

# Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. 

Republicans will face off in Arizona and Utah, while Democrats battle it out in all three states.


### Source:

1. [Decision Desk HQ](http://www.decisiondeskhq.com/results/2016/primary/gop/president/arizona/)
2. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/everything-you-need-know-about-22-march-races-arizona-idaho-utah-1550652)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, U.S., presidential primaries_
2. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, U.S., presidential primaries_
3. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, U.S., presidential primaries_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, U.S., presidential primaries_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016, Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic  and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-state-of-west-virginia-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-michigan-hawaii-and-idaho-vote-in-primary-elections-and-caucuses.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, U.S., presidential primaries_
7. [United States elections, 2016 Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-pvoters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, U.S._
8. [Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. ](/news/2016/05/7/voters-in-guam-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-presidential-caucus.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
9. [Registered Democratic voters in the U.S. state of Wyoming gather, by county,  for the  Wyoming Democratic caucuses. Bernie Sanders is projected to win. ](/news/2016/04/9/registered-democratic-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wyoming-gather-by-county-for-the-wyoming-democratic-caucuses-bernie-sanders-is-projec.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, U.S._
10. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, U.S._
