### [2009-11-29](/news/2009/11/29/index.md)

#  Irish floods: At least 13 ambulances from the Order of Malta Ambulance Corps in Dublin travel to Athlone and Ballinasloe to deliver relief to flood victims there. Dublin's River Liffey bursts its banks and floods several areas. 

Bad weather has resulted in flooding in parts of Dublin and Kildare and the River Liffey has burst its banks at several locations, while floodwaters in the West and Midlands remain critically high.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1129/weather.html)
2. [The Sunday Business Post](http://www.sbpost.ie/newsfeatures/fighting-the-flood-factors-45898.html)

### Related:

1. [ Ireland's Taoiseach Brian Cowen is confronted by displeased residents in Athlone during his half-day tour of flood-hit areas in Galway, Offaly, Roscommon and Westmeath. ](/news/2009/11/26/ireland-s-taoiseach-brian-cowen-is-confronted-by-displeased-residents-in-athlone-during-his-half-day-tour-of-flood-hit-areas-in-galway-off.md) _Context: Athlone, floods_
2. [ Irish floods: Water levels rise between Gort and Kinvara, the main Galway-Limerick road is partially impassable, water levels in Athlone reach 50cm over the highest level on record, Waterways Ireland describes water levels on the River Shannon as "unmanageable" and says one third of Ireland's annual rain has so far fallen during November alone. ](/news/2009/11/25/irish-floods-water-levels-rise-between-gort-and-kinvara-the-main-galway-limerick-road-is-partially-impassable-water-levels-in-athlone-re.md) _Context: Athlone, floods_
3. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin_
4. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio Joao Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joapso-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dead.md) _Context: Dublin_
5. [At least eight people have died in a major fire at a halting site for Irish travellers in the south of Dublin. ](/news/2015/10/10/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-a-major-fire-at-a-halting-site-for-irish-travellers-in-the-south-of-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin_
6. [Dublin-based generic drugmaker, specialty drug supplier, and medical imaging agent producer Mallinckrodt Plc increases its presence in U.S. hospitals by buying privately held Ikaria Inc, a maker of a respiratory drug and its delivery system, for $2.3 billion from a group of investors led by private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners LLC. The deal includes INOmax, which is the only approved product to treat hypoxic respiratory failure in infants through nitric oxide. ](/news/2015/03/5/dublin-based-generic-drugmaker-specialty-drug-supplier-and-medical-imaging-agent-producer-mallinckrodt-plc-increases-its-presence-in-u-s.md) _Context: Dublin_
7. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Dublin_
8. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Government sources claim white powder in an envelope and possibly a swastika have been sent to the home of the Irish Minister for Justice and Equality Alan Shatter, who is embroiled in multiple political controversies. An army bomb disposal unit has moved in on Shatter's estate in Ballinteer, Dublin. ](/news/2014/04/2/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pgovernment-sources-claim-white-powder-in-an-envelope-and-possibly-a-swastika-have-been-sent-to-the-home-of-the.md) _Context: Dublin_
9. [The Garda Sochna Ombudsman Commission (GSOC), Ireland's police Ombudsman, is revealed to have been bugged, with emails, wi-fi and phone systems at its Dublin headquarters also accessed illegally and internationally. ](/news/2014/02/10/the-garda-siochana-ombudsman-commission-gsoc-ireland-s-police-ombudsman-is-revealed-to-have-been-bugged-with-emails-wi-fi-and-phone-sy.md) _Context: Dublin_
10. [U.S. government surveillance programs (including PRISM):European Union officials send a letter to U.S. attorney general Eric Holder with seven detailed questions requesting concrete explanations about the country's data snooping programs and how it affects EU citizens ahead of a meeting in Dublin this Friday. ](/news/2013/06/11/u-s-government-surveillance-programs-including-prism-peuropean-union-officials-send-a-letter-to-u-s-attorney-general-eric-holder-with-se.md) _Context: Dublin_
