### [2009-11-29](/news/2009/11/29/index.md)

#  Officials investigate a radiation leak at the Kaiga nuclear plant in southern India which left 55 employees requiring medical treatment. 

Indian officials are investigating the leak of a radioactive substance into drinking water at an atomic power plant in the south of the country, they said on Sunday. Local police have been asked to help probe how tritium seeped into a water cooler, after which 55 workers underwent medical treatment for excessive exposure to radiation. Officials at the highly protected plant in Kaiga on the west coast, 450 km (280 miles) from Bangalore, said the leak may have been deliberate. &quot;Mischief is not ruled out. Investigations are on,&quot; the director of the plant, J.P. Gupta, told Reuters. The 55 workers were back at the plant, Gupta added. &quot;This incident has (in) no way affected (the) public, safety, health and environment.&quot; (Reporting by Habib Beary; Editing by Matthias Williams) ((matthias.williams@thomsonreuters.com; Reuters Messaging: matthias.williams.reuters.com@reuters.net, +91-997-111-0254)) ((If you have a query or comment on this story, send an email to news.feedback.asia@thomsonreuters.com))


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8384894.stm)
2. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/news/radiation-leak-at-kaiga-nuke-plant-leave-employees-sick/547611/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSDEL383267)

### Related:

1. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
2. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
3. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
6. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: India_
8. [More than 50,000 people practice yoga in Lucknow, India, to celebrate International Yoga Day. ](/news/2017/06/21/more-than-50-000-people-practice-yoga-in-lucknow-india-to-celebrate-international-yoga-day.md) _Context: India_
9. [ISRO has successfully launched a new communications satellite for South Asia from Satish Dhawan Space Centre, India. ](/news/2017/05/5/isro-has-successfully-launched-a-new-communications-satellite-for-south-asia-from-satish-dhawan-space-centre-india.md) _Context: India_
10. [Somali pirates hijack an Indian cargo ship off the coast of Puntland. ](/news/2017/04/3/somali-pirates-hijack-an-indian-cargo-ship-off-the-coast-of-puntland.md) _Context: India_
