### [2009-11-29](/news/2009/11/29/index.md)

#  Rwanda is admitted under the Edinburgh criteria as the second member of the Commonwealth of Nations without any historical ties to the United Kingdom. 

The republic of Rwanda was admitted to the Commonwealth on Saturday, becoming the 54th nation to join the post-colonial group.


### Source:

1. [Bernama](http://www.bernama.com/bernama/v5/newsindex.php?id=458567)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/29/world/africa/29rwanda.html)

### Related:

1. [British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nation-is-to-rejoin-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, United Kingdom_
2. [Elizabeth II, queen regnant of the United Kingdom and Head of the Commonwealth of Nations, celebrates her 90th birthday. ](/news/2016/04/21/elizabeth-ii-queen-regnant-of-the-united-kingdom-and-head-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-celebrates-her-90th-birthday.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, United Kingdom_
3. [The Gambia is to withdraw from the Commonwealth, 48 years after joining the 54-member grouping, which includes the United Kingdom and most of its former colonies. ](/news/2013/10/3/the-gambia-is-to-withdraw-from-the-commonwealth-48-years-after-joining-the-54-member-grouping-which-includes-the-united-kingdom-and-most-o.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, United Kingdom_
4. [Queen Elizabeth II marks the 60th anniversary of her becoming the monarch of the United Kingdom and seven other sovereign states in the Commonwealth of Nations with events to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee set for later in the year. ](/news/2012/02/6/queen-elizabeth-ii-marks-the-60th-anniversary-of-her-becoming-the-monarch-of-the-united-kingdom-and-seven-other-sovereign-states-in-the-comm.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, United Kingdom_
5. [ The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2009 opens with the following issues on its agenda: discussion of climate change ahead of the December United Nations Climate Change Conference; Rwanda's admission into the Commonwealth of Nations; and Sri Lanka's bid to host the 2011 meeting. ](/news/2009/11/27/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-2009-opens-with-the-following-issues-on-its-agenda-discussion-of-climate-change-ahead-of-the.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Rwanda_
6. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
