### [2002-03-19](/news/2002/03/19/index.md)

# The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions calls a three-day general strike protesting police interference with union meetings, harassment of trade unionists, and general lawlessness following the general elections, which has led to slow-downs in business.  In South Korea, 5,600 power plant workers are on the 25th day of their strike, protesting the neoliberal government plans to privatize the state-run electricity plants.  A vote among the remaining power plant workers to strike is cancelled due to company interference.




### Related:

1. [Trade unions in Greece call a general strike in protest against continuing austerity measures. ](/news/2012/09/26/trade-unions-in-greece-call-a-general-strike-in-protest-against-continuing-austerity-measures.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
2. [2010-2011 Greek protests:Greek trade unions go on a general strike with transport links including airline flights being cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/28/2010a2011-greek-protests-pgreek-trade-unions-go-on-a-general-strike-with-transport-links-including-airline-flights-being-cancelled.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
3. [Trade unions in India declare a bandh or general strike to protest a hike in fuel prices. India is crippled. ](/news/2010/09/7/trade-unions-in-india-declare-a-bandh-or-general-strike-to-protest-a-hike-in-fuel-prices-india-is-crippled.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
4. [ 2007 Guinean general strike: Unions in Guinea resume a general strike to protest the President of Guinea Lansana Conte appointing Eugene Camara as Prime Minister of Guinea. At least 17 people have died in protests over the weekend. The protest started on the morning of the 12th with a march from the centre of Conakry to the palace. Widespread problems with armed bandits taking advantage of the insecurity have also been reported. Lansana Conte has now declared a state of emergency. ](/news/2007/02/12/2007-guinean-general-strike-unions-in-guinea-resume-a-general-strike-to-protest-the-president-of-guinea-lansana-conta-c-appointing-euga-ne.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
5. [ A general strike starts in Guinea, with trade unions calling for pay rises, the return to jail of Mamadou Sylla and the resignation of President Lansana Conte. ](/news/2007/01/10/a-general-strike-starts-in-guinea-with-trade-unions-calling-for-pay-rises-the-return-to-jail-of-mamadou-sylla-and-the-resignation-of-pres.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
6. [ Zimbabwean opposition groups are preparing for a two-day general strike to protest over the huge number of arrests in recent days. Police are on standby to quell protests. ](/news/2005/06/9/zimbabwean-opposition-groups-are-preparing-for-a-two-day-general-strike-to-protest-over-the-huge-number-of-arrests-in-recent-days-police-a.md) _Context: Zimbabwe, general strike_
7. [Two million to three million trade union members rally in Rome in protest both of labor legislation filed by Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi and of the assassination of Marco Biagi, an advisor to the Labor Minister, by the re-formed Red Brigades.  Labor leaders threaten a general strike if the legislation is passed.](/news/2002/03/23/two-million-to-three-million-trade-union-members-rally-in-rome-in-protest-both-of-labor-legislation-filed-by-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio.md) _Context: general strike, unionize_
8. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: South Korea_
