### [2002-03-4](/news/2002/03/4/index.md)

# 2001 U.S. Attack on Afghanistan: Seven American Special Operations Forces soldiers are killed as they attempt to infiltrate the Shahi Kot Valley on a low-flying helicopter reconnaissance mission.  Around 3 a.m. local time a Boeing CH-47 Chinook helicopter was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade, causing a soldier to fall out and damaging a hydraulic line. The helicopter made an emergency landing a half-mile away. A second helicopter on the mission picked up the first helicopter's crew and flew to where the crew member had fallen. The soldiers soon came under heavy fire, and six were killed. The remaining soldiers returned fire and retrieved the bodies before returning to base.




### Related:

1. [2001 U.S. Attack on Afghanistan: Army Chief Warrant Officer Stanley L. Harriman, of the Third Special Forces Group, is killed in an ambush along the road from Gardez to the Shahi Kot Valley.](/news/2002/03/2/2001-u-s-attack-on-afghanistan-army-chief-warrant-officer-stanley-l-harriman-of-the-third-special-forces-group-is-killed-in-an-ambush-a.md) _Context: Shahi Kot Valley, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
2. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
3. [Jalaluddin Haqqani, the founder of the Haqqani Network, is reported as having died in 2014. ](/news/2015/07/31/jalaluddin-haqqani-the-founder-of-the-haqqani-network-is-reported-as-having-died-in-2014.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
4. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
5. [An independent report reveals that the American Psychological Association was complicit in the participation of its members with the use of torture during the Iraq and Afghan wars, such as in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay. Many experts suspected that the bizarre torture and humiliation were not "a few bad apples" but meticulously planned techniques. ](/news/2015/07/12/an-independent-report-reveals-that-the-american-psychological-association-was-complicit-in-the-participation-of-its-members-with-the-use-of.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Nine Afghan employees of a Czech charity People In Need have been killed in an attack by unknown gunmen in Zari District in the north of the country. ](/news/2015/06/1/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-p-nine-afghan-employees-of-a-czech-charity-people-in-need-have-been-killed-in-an-attack-by-unknown-gunme.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomb kills at least nine, including two policemen, at a funeral for a tribal elder in Baghlan Province, northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/12/1/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomb-kills-at-least-nine-including-two-policemen-at-a-funeral-for-a-tribal-elder-in-baghlan-province-northe.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomber kills 5 in a targeted attack on a British embassy vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/11/27/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-5-in-a-targeted-attack-on-a-british-embassy-vehicle-in-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [A joint operation by U.S. and Yemeni special operations forces on an al-Qaeda hideout in eastern Yemen rescues 8 hostages and leaves 7 militants dead. ](/news/2014/11/25/a-joint-operation-by-u-s-and-yemeni-special-operations-forces-on-an-al-qaeda-hideout-in-eastern-yemen-rescues-8-hostages-and-leaves-7-milit.md) _Context: special operations forces_
10. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomber kills 45 people and injures 50 more at a volleyball game in Paktika province. ](/news/2014/11/23/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-45-people-and-injures-50-more-at-a-volleyball-game-in-paktika-province.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
