### [2016-09-21](/news/2016/09/21/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War: The U.S. military investigates yesterday's Islamic State rocket strike near the Qayyarah Airfield West to ascertain if a chemical agent was used. 

The U.S. military is testing to see if a chemical agent may have been used in a rocket attack in Iraq by Islamic State that came within hundreds of yards (meters) of U.S. forces but injured no one, a U.S. military official said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-chemical-idUSKCN11R2RB)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing: A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: At least 12 tribal fighters were killed by ISIL insurgents. The attack occurred in Shirqat. ](/news/2016/11/19/iraqi-civil-war-at-least-12-tribal-fighters-were-killed-by-isil-insurgents-the-attack-occurred-in-shirqat.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of the Battle of Mosul, backed by the U.S.-led coalition, to retake ISIL-held Mosul, the self-declared caliphate's capital in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/17/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-the-battle-of-mosul-backed-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-to-retak.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi civil war: Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi Armed Forces recapture al-Shirqat, southwest of al Hujayl, from ISIL. ](/news/2016/09/22/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-armed-forces-recapture-al-shirqat-southwest-of-al-hujayl-from-isil.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
