### [2016-09-21](/news/2016/09/21/index.md)

# Protesters of the police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott yesterday injure twelve Charlotte, North Carolina police officers. Riots continue into a second night with North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory declaring a state of emergency. 

Violent demonstrations in the North Carolina city of Charlotte leave 12 police officers injured after a black man said to be armed is shot dead by police.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-37427164)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/21/us/charlotte-police-shooting/index.html)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/09/21/one-person-critically-injured-during-protest-charlotte-police-shooting.html)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-death-toll-in-north-carolina-rises-to-22-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-governor-pat-mccrory-says-places-that-had-a-foot-of-water-in.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
2. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
3. [The U.S. Justice Department notifies North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory  that the state's new law which limits restroom access for transgender people violates the U.S. Civil Rights Act, and asks for a response by May 9 whether the state will correct "these violations of Title VII." The Governor's statement in response does not specifically say what the state will do. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-u-s-justice-department-notifies-north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-that-the-state-s-new-law-which-limits-restroom-access-for-transgen.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
4. [  North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signs Executive Order 73 that addresses some, but not all, troublesome provisions in House Bill 2 that caused businesses, traveling recording stars, etc., to stay clear of the state. The order does expand the state's anti-discrimination employment policy to include LBGT protection, but reiterates that people use the marked facility consistent with "... their biological sex." The American Civil Liberties Union says the order, "... fall(s) far short of correcting the damage done ... (and that)... transgender people are still explicitly targeted by being forced to use the wrong restroom." Equality North Carolina says, "... the order doubles down on the Governor's support for some of the most problematic provisions of HB2." ](/news/2016/04/12/north-carolina-governor-pat-mccrory-signs-executive-order-73-that-addresses-some-but-not-all-troublesome-provisions-in-house-bill-2-that.md) _Context: Governor, Pat McCrory_
5. [The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by  Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory-to-accept-his-defeat-by-democratic-nominee-r.md) _Context: Pat McCrory_
6. [In North Carolina, the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department announces an unprecedented 11 people have been shot, 5 fatally, over the Labor Day weekend, including a boy shot at a birthday party. ](/news/2015/09/6/in-north-carolina-the-charlotte-mecklenburg-police-department-announces-an-unprecedented-11-people-have-been-shot-5-fatally-over-the-labo.md) _Context: Charlotte, North Carolina_
7. [A Carolinian Amtrak passenger train (running north from Charlotte, North Carolina, to New York City) hits a tractor-trailer in Halifax, North Carolina resulting in two cars of the train derailing with several people receiving minor injuries. ](/news/2015/03/9/a-carolinian-amtrak-passenger-train-running-north-from-charlotte-north-carolina-to-new-york-city-hits-a-tractor-trailer-in-halifax-nort.md) _Context: Charlotte, North Carolina_
8. [2012 Democratic National Convention:The United States Democratic Party holds its national convention in Charlotte, North Carolina. ](/news/2012/09/5/2012-democratic-national-convention-pthe-united-states-democratic-party-holds-its-national-convention-in-charlotte-north-carolina.md) _Context: Charlotte, North Carolina_
9. [The General Assembly of the U.S. state of North Carolina votes on a motion to veto override by the Governor Bev Perdue of the state budget. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-general-assembly-of-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-votes-on-a-motion-to-veto-override-by-the-governor-bev-perdue-of-the-state-budget.md) _Context: Governor_
10. [The Senate of the US state of North Carolina pardons former Governor William Woods Holden who was impeached in 1871 because of his suspension of habeas corpus in the process of battling the  Ku Klux Klan terror campaign. ](/news/2011/04/12/the-senate-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-pardons-former-governor-william-woods-holden-who-was-impeached-in-1871-because-of-his-suspensio.md) _Context: Governor_
