### [2016-09-21](/news/2016/09/21/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. 

The US has said it holds Russia responsible for a deadly attack on an aid convoy near the Syrian city of Aleppo on Monday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-37424871)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-37429296)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/john-kerry-demands-no-fly-zone-over-syria-as-well-as-ceasefire-10587079)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/21/world/middleeast/syria-cease-fire.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in Syria: Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing: A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in Syria: According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by.md) _Context: Russian military intervention in Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike: An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
7. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
8. [ Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-16): The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
