### [2010-01-3](/news/2010/01/3/index.md)

# British Prime Minister Gordon Brown announces that full body scanners will be introduced at UK airports following the failed attack on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Christmas Day. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8438355.stm)

### Related:

1. [Iraq Inquiry. A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
2. [Speaking in Edinburgh, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown sets out a timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament in the event of a No vote in the forthcoming independence referendum. ](/news/2014/09/8/speaking-in-edinburgh-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-sets-out-a-timetable-for-transferring-more-powers-from-westm.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
3. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Christmas Day_
4. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: Christmas Day_
5. [At least eight people have died and thousands been left homeless in the Philippines after two fires struck Manila on Christmas Day. A fire has sparked violent clashes between residents and firefighters. ](/news/2012/12/25/at-least-eight-people-have-died-and-thousands-been-left-homeless-in-the-philippines-after-two-fires-struck-manila-on-christmas-day-a-fire-h.md) _Context: Christmas Day_
6. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is appointed United Nations special envoy for education. ](/news/2012/07/13/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-is-appointed-united-nations-special-envoy-for-education.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
7. [Leveson Inquiry. Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-ru.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
8. [Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, the so-called "underwear bomber", is sentenced to life imprisonment for attempting to detonate a bomb on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 in the US city of Detroit, Michigan. ](/news/2012/02/16/umar-farouk-abdulmutallab-the-so-called-underwear-bomber-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-attempting-to-detonate-a-bomb-on-northwes.md) _Context: Northwest Airlines Flight 253_
9. [Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, a Nigerian man also known as the "underwear bomber", pleads guilty to attempting to blow up an airliner on Christmas Day 2009 in a trial in the U.S. city of Detroit, Michigan. ](/news/2011/10/12/umar-farouk-abdulmutallab-a-nigerian-man-also-known-as-the-underwear-bomber-pleads-guilty-to-attempting-to-blow-up-an-airliner-on-christ.md) _Context: Christmas Day_
10. [British prime minister David Cameron sets out to block his predecessor Gordon Brown's attempt to take the GBP270,000 per year role of head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). ](/news/2011/04/19/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-sets-out-to-block-his-predecessor-gordon-brown-s-attempt-to-take-the-gbp270-000-per-year-role-of-head-o.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
