### [2014-01-1](/news/2014/01/1/index.md)

# Bill de Blasio is sworn in as the 109th Mayor of New York City. 

NEW YORK (AP) — Bill de Blasio took the oath of office administered by former president Bill Clinton on Wednesday, formally becoming the 109th mayor of New York City while pledging to pursue a sweeping liberal agenda.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2014/01/01/deblasio-sworn-in/4274669/)

### Related:

1. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: Bill de Blasio, Mayor_
2. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]: Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.: Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.: Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Bill de Blasio, Mayor_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: Mayor_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg announces he will not run for president in 2016 because of the impact his candidacy might have on the outcome in November. ](/news/2016/03/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-announces-he-will-not-run-for-president-in-2016-beca.md) _Context: Mayor_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-pres.md) _Context: Mayor_
6. [Boston Marathon bombings:: Michael Bloomberg, the Mayor of New York City, claims that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation briefed him that suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev said that the bombers intended to attack New York City next. ](/news/2013/04/25/boston-marathon-bombings-michael-bloomberg-the-mayor-of-new-york-city-claims-that-the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-briefed-him-tha.md) _Context: Mayor_
7. [A New York state judge invalidates a New York City ban on the sale of soft drinks larger than 16 ounces that was set to take effect on March 12. The office of Mayor Michael Bloomberg indicates it will appeal. ](/news/2013/03/11/a-new-york-state-judge-invalidates-a-new-york-city-ban-on-the-sale-of-soft-drinks-larger-than-16-ounces-that-was-set-to-take-effect-on-march.md) _Context: Mayor_
8. [Ed Koch, the former Mayor of New York City, dies at the age of 88 of congestive heart failure in a hospital. ](/news/2013/02/1/ed-koch-the-former-mayor-of-new-york-city-dies-at-the-age-of-88-of-congestive-heart-failure-in-a-hospital.md) _Context: Mayor_
9. [ United States elections, 2009: Michael Bloomberg wins a third term as Mayor of New York City. ](/news/2009/11/4/united-states-elections-2009-michael-bloomberg-wins-a-third-term-as-mayor-of-new-york-city.md) _Context: Mayor_
10. [ The New York City Council votes 29-22 in favor of extending the term limit on the office of the Mayor to three consecutive four-year terms from two consecutive four-year terms. This allows current Mayor Michael Bloomberg to run for office again in the next mayoral election in November 2009. ](/news/2008/10/23/the-new-york-city-council-votes-29-22-in-favor-of-extending-the-term-limit-on-the-office-of-the-mayor-to-three-consecutive-four-year-term.md) _Context: Mayor_
