### [2014-01-1](/news/2014/01/1/index.md)

# Indonesia's Sinabung volcano erupts, displacing more than 19,000 people. 

An erupting volcano displaces almost 20,000 people in Indonesia as it shoots lava into the air.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-12-31/192c000-flee-erupting-volcano-in-indonesia/5180216)

### Related:

1. [Mount Sinabung in Indonesia erupts once again. ](/news/2014/01/9/mount-sinabung-in-indonesia-erupts-once-again.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sinabung_
2. [Mounts Merapi and Sinabung erupt in Indonesia forcing residents of Central Java and North Sumatra to flee. ](/news/2013/11/18/mounts-merapi-and-sinabung-erupt-in-indonesia-forcing-residents-of-central-java-and-north-sumatra-to-flee.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sinabung_
3. [Indonesia's Mount Sinabung continues to erupt with 21,000 people now evacuated from nearby areas of north Sumatra and two people dead. ](/news/2010/08/30/indonesia-s-mount-sinabung-continues-to-erupt-with-21-000-people-now-evacuated-from-nearby-areas-of-north-sumatra-and-two-people-dead.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sinabung_
4. [1 person dies as the Sumatran volcano Sinabung prompts a red alert by erupting for the first time in over 400 years, leading to Indonesia evacuating thousands of people. ](/news/2010/08/29/1-person-dies-as-the-sumatran-volcano-sinabung-prompts-a-red-alert-by-erupting-for-the-first-time-in-over-400-years-leading-to-indonesia-ev.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sinabung_
5. [Mount Sinabung in Sumatra, Indonesia, erupts. Thousands of people evacuated.[http://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2010/08/29/mount-sinabung-sumatra-erupts.html (The Jakarta Post)] (Wikinews)](/news/2010/08/28/mount-sinabung-in-sumatra-indonesia-erupts-thousands-of-people-evacuated-http-www-thejakartapost-com-news-2010-08-29-mount-sinabung-su.md) _Context: Indonesia, Sinabung_
6. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [South China Sea disputes. Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
