### [2006-12-22](/news/2006/12/22/index.md)

#  Thousands of Somali civilians flee their homes as hundreds of troops and trucks move towards the front lines, after a night of artillery and mortar fire. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/663FB205-27CD-4C72-84DF-5362C36570F0.htm)
2. [Common Dreams](http://www.commondreams.org/news2006/1222-01.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Mortar, ordnance_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: Iraqi security forces and United States military police in Tikrit launch a hunt for guerrillas behind a series of deadly attacks on coalition troops&mdash;the largest-ever joint military operation to date. During the raids, dozens of soldiers from the United States Army's 720th Military Police Battalion backed up over 200 Iraqi police. The raids netted 92 people and weapons that included Kalashnikov rifles, mortars, firing tubes, 155&nbsp;mm artillery shells and rocket launchers.](/news/2003/09/29/occupation-of-iraq-iraqi-security-forces-and-united-states-military-police-in-tikrit-launch-a-hunt-for-guerrillas-behind-a-series-of-deadl.md) _Context: Mortar, ordnance_
3. [ More than a dozen Coalition soldiers, a Knight Ridder reporter, a CNN cameraman and two Iraqi prisoners of war are sent for chemical weapons decontamination after exhibiting symptoms of possible exposure to tabun and sarin nerve agents and lewisite blistering agents while searching an Iraqi agricultural warehouse and a nearby military compound on the Euphrates river between the cities of Kerbala and Hilla. U.S. soldiers found eleven 25-gallon barrels and three 55-gallon chemical drums, hundreds of gas masks and chemical suits, along with large numbers of mortar and artillery rounds. Initial tests of the chemicals were positive, then a second test was done which came back negative. A third test, conducted by a mobile testing unit provided by Germany confirmed the existence of sarin. Some reports indicate that the chemicals found at the agricultural warehouse may turn out to be pesticides. Further tests are planned in the United States. U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said later in a Pentagon briefing that "almost all first reports we get, turn out to be wrong. We don't do first reports and we don't speculate.",](/news/2003/04/7/more-than-a-dozen-coalition-soldiers-a-knight-ridder-reporter-a-cnn-cameraman-and-two-iraqi-prisoners-of-war-are-sent-for-chemical-weapon.md) _Context: Mortar, ordnance_
4. [Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab-is-suspected-of-being-behind-the.md) _Context: Mortar_
5. [A mortar attack in Afghanistan's central Wardak province kills at least 12 people. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-mortar-attack-in-afghanistan-s-central-wardak-province-kills-at-least-12-people.md) _Context: Mortar_
6. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-air.md) _Context: Mortar_
7. [Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. ](/news/2015/10/9/iraqi-police-officials-say-at-least-35-people-have-been-killed-following-a-mortar-bombardment-of-villages-near-the-eastern-city-of-baqubah.md) _Context: Mortar_
8. [At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-mortar-shells-hit-a-protest-against.md) _Context: Mortar_
9. [Mortar fire kills eleven children at a school in Damascus. ](/news/2014/11/5/mortar-fire-kills-eleven-children-at-a-school-in-damascus.md) _Context: Mortar_
10. [One soldier and seven civilians, including two children, are killed in two successive mortar blasts in Egypt's city of Al-Arish in the Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/14/one-soldier-and-seven-civilians-including-two-children-are-killed-in-two-successive-mortar-blasts-in-egypt-s-city-of-al-arish-in-the-sinai.md) _Context: Mortar_
