### [2002-07-24](/news/2002/07/24/index.md)

#  The major Millennium Challenge 2002 war game run by the United States armed forces begins.




### Related:

1. [Russia and Belarus begin a six day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise similuates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise, however Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: military exercise_
2. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
4. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
5. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-paralle.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
6. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
7. [The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. ](/news/2017/02/28/the-trump-administration-plans-to-increase-the-budget-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-by-more-than-9.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
8. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respon.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
9. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-incide.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
10. [The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-obama-administration-agrees-to-have-the-united-states-armed-forces-assist-japan-on-conducting-joint-patrols-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
