### [2002-07-24](/news/2002/07/24/index.md)

#  U.S. Congressman James Traficant was expelled from the House of Representatives on a vote of 420 to 1. Traficant had been convicted of ten federal counts of corruption.




### Related:

1. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favour of a non-binding resolution asking the Obama administration to seek Congressional authorization for the intervention in Libya. ](/news/2011/06/3/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favour-of-a-non-binding-resolution-asking-the-obama-administration-to-seek-congressional.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The United States House of Representatives Ethics Committee begins a public hearing into New York Democratic Congressman Charles B. Rangel. ](/news/2010/07/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-begins-a-public-hearing-into-new-york-democratic-congressman-charles-b-rangel.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: U.S. Representative Carol Shea-Porter says that "more than 400 economists, including Nobel laureates, appealed to Congress to slow down and make sure [they] got [the bailout bill] right". ](/news/2008/10/1/subprime-mortgage-crisis-p-u-s-representative-carol-shea-porter-says-that-more-than-400-economists-including-nobel-laureates-appealed-t.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act, a comprehensive ethics and lobbying reform bill 411-8. It bans lobbyists and their clients from giving members of the United States Congress gifts and provides for mandatory disclosure of earmarks in expenditure bills. ](/news/2007/07/31/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-the-honest-leadership-and-open-government-act-a-comprehensive-ethics-and-lobbying-refo.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ While identifying as a Unitarian, Representative Pete Stark (D-CA) becomes the first member of the United States Congress to openly acknowledge that he does not hold a "god-belief". ](/news/2007/03/12/while-identifying-as-a-unitarian-representative-pete-stark-d-ca-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-united-states-congress-to-openly-acknowl.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ Keith Ellison, the first Muslim member of the United States Congress and the first African American elected to the House from Minnesota is sworn in using Thomas Jefferson's Qur'an. ](/news/2007/01/4/keith-ellison-the-first-muslim-member-of-the-united-states-congress-and-the-first-african-american-elected-to-the-house-from-minnesota-is.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
8. [ The legal challenge to President George W. Bush's ratification of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (''Conyers v. Bush'') led by United States Congressman and member of the House Judiciary Committee John Conyers (together with ten other representatives of the House of Representatives) is dismissed due to lack of standing ](/news/2006/11/6/the-legal-challenge-to-president-george-w-bush-s-ratification-of-the-deficit-reduction-act-of-2005-conyers-v-bush-led-by-united-sta.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
9. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: United States Congress_
10. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
