### [2009-10-10](/news/2009/10/10/index.md)

#  President of Poland Lech Kaczynski signs the Treaty of Lisbon, leaving the Czech Republic as the last national opponent. 

Polish President Lech Kaczynski signed the European Union&#39;s Lisbon Treaty into law leaving the Czech Republic as the only country still to ratify the document.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8300311.stm)
2. [Deusche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,4780257,00.html)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1010/eulisbon.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/0002a9d3-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Polish President Lech Kaczynski announces his intention to sign the Treaty of Lisbon on Saturday October 10, completing the country's ratification process. The Polish ratification ceremony is due to be attended by President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso. ](/news/2009/10/8/polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-announces-his-intention-to-sign-the-treaty-of-lisbon-on-saturday-october-10-completing-the-country-s-rati.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President, Treaty of Lisbon_
2. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Lech Kaczynski, Polish, Treaty of Lisbon_
3. [ A statement on Polish President Lech Kaczynski's website says a signing ceremony of the treaty will take place on Saturday at 1000 GMT. ](/news/2009/10/9/a-statement-on-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-s-website-says-a-signing-ceremony-of-the-treaty-will-take-place-on-saturday-at-1000-gmt.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
4. [ Georgian Interior Ministry claims "shots were fired" at a convoy including Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and Polish President Lech Kaczynski on the border of Georgia and South Ossetia. Several witnesses travelling with the convoy say they heard the automatic gunfire, though it was unclear from which direction it came. Polish Parliament spokesman later comments the incident was "not very serious at all", though "unfortunate" as it put the Polish president in an "awkward" situation.](/news/2008/11/24/georgian-interior-ministry-claims-shots-were-fired-at-a-convoy-including-georgian-president-mikheil-saakashvili-and-polish-president-lech.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish, President_
5. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Polish_
6. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
7. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Polish_
8. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
9. [Flash floods sweep across central Europe and the Baltic states, killing at least 15 people - 5 Czechs, 4 Lithuanians, 3 Germans, 3 Poles -, whilst 3 Czechs are also missing. ](/news/2010/08/8/flash-floods-sweep-across-central-europe-and-the-baltic-states-killing-at-least-15-people-5-czechs-4-lithuanians-3-germans-3-poles.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Polish_
10. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish_
