### [2009-09-23](/news/2009/09/23/index.md)

#  A court in Tanzania sentences three men to death by hanging for killing a 14-year-old albino boy, Matatizo Dunia, to steal parts of his anatomy. It is the country's first conviction for this offence. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/8270446.stm)

### Related:

1. [Nathan Mutei, a Kenyan man, is jailed for 17 years in Tanzania after being convicted of attempting to sell an albino man; the prized albino is escorted back to Kenya under armed guard. ](/news/2010/08/18/nathan-mutei-a-kenyan-man-is-jailed-for-17-years-in-tanzania-after-being-convicted-of-attempting-to-sell-an-albino-man-the-prized-albino.md) _Context: Tanzania, albino_
2. [Police in Tanzania arrest a Kenyan national who was attempting to sell an albino man. ](/news/2010/08/17/police-in-tanzania-arrest-a-kenyan-national-who-was-attempting-to-sell-an-albino-man.md) _Context: Tanzania, albino_
3. [ Four people are sentenced to death by hanging in Tanzania for the killing of an Albino man last year. ](/news/2009/11/2/four-people-are-sentenced-to-death-by-hanging-in-tanzania-for-the-killing-of-an-albino-man-last-year.md) _Context: Tanzania, albino_
4. [ The Tanzania Albino Society (Tas) calls for the men found guilty of killing an albino boy in Tanzania to be hanged publicly as a warning to others. ](/news/2009/09/24/the-tanzania-albino-society-tas-calls-for-the-men-found-guilty-of-killing-an-albino-boy-in-tanzania-to-be-hanged-publicly-as-a-warning-to.md) _Context: Tanzania, men found guilty of killing an albino boy_
5. [As many as 30 people, mostly children, are killed after a school bus plunges off a road into a steep ravine in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania. ](/news/2017/05/6/as-many-as-30-people-mostly-children-are-killed-after-a-school-bus-plunges-off-a-road-into-a-steep-ravine-in-the-arusha-region-of-northern.md) _Context: Tanzania_
6. [University of Washington researchers report, in the peer-reviewed ''Journal of the American Medical Association Oncology'', the discovery of an odontoma -- a ''benign tumor'' -- in the fossil of a   255-million-year old  Tanzanian mammal-like saber-toothed gorgonopsia. This is one of the oldest-known tumors ever found.  ](/news/2016/12/9/university-of-washington-researchers-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-oncology-the-discovery-of.md) _Context: Tanzania_
7. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Tanzania_
8. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the  ''Msichana Initiative'', a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during  a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiat.md) _Context: Tanzania_
9. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with  a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium  has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years.  ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of.md) _Context: Tanzania_
10. [The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-millennium-challenge-corporation-a-united-states-foreign-aid-agency-pulls-472m-of-funding-for-a-tanzanian-electricity-project-after-c.md) _Context: Tanzania_
