### [2009-09-23](/news/2009/09/23/index.md)

#  A Polish court awards EUR7,400 damages to Alicja Tysiac, likened to a child killer and Nazi war criminal by Catholic magazine ''Gosc Niedzielny'' for wanting an abortion. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8271895.stm)

### Related:

1. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Catholic, abortion_
2. [The death of a pregnant woman from septicaemia in an Irish hospital prompts international outrage, protests and condemnation. University College Hospital Galway refused numerous requests from Savita Halappanavar and her family for an abortion on the grounds that "this is a Catholic country." ](/news/2012/11/14/the-death-of-a-pregnant-woman-from-septicaemia-in-an-irish-hospital-prompts-international-outrage-protests-and-condemnation-university-col.md) _Context: Catholic, abortion_
3. [ The Vatican establishes a low cost charter flight service to Catholic shrines in France, Poland, Spain and the Middle East for pilgrims. ](/news/2007/08/27/the-vatican-establishes-a-low-cost-charter-flight-service-to-catholic-shrines-in-france-poland-spain-and-the-middle-east-for-pilgrims.md) _Context: Catholic, Poland_
4. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Poland_
5. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: Poland_
6. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Poland_
7. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: abortion_
8. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: Poland_
9. [ In Swiebodzice, Poland, an old tenement house collapses killing at least six people, including two children, and injuring six. The exploration teams are looking for 4 missing people. ](/news/2017/04/8/in-awiebodzice-poland-an-old-tenement-house-collapses-killing-at-least-six-people-including-two-children-and-injuring-six-the-explora.md) _Context: Poland_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
