### [2009-09-23](/news/2009/09/23/index.md)

#  A Polish court awards -7,400 damages to Alicja Tysiac, likened to a child killer and Nazi war criminal by Catholic magazine "Gosc Niedzielny" for wanting an abortion. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8271895.stm)

### Related:

1. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Catholic, abortion_
2. [The death of a pregnant woman from septicaemia in an Irish hospital prompts international outrage, protests and condemnation. University College Hospital Galway refused numerous requests from Savita Halappanavar and her family for an abortion on the grounds that "this is a Catholic country." ](/news/2012/11/14/the-death-of-a-pregnant-woman-from-septicaemia-in-an-irish-hospital-prompts-international-outrage-protests-and-condemnation-university-col.md) _Context: Catholic, abortion_
3. [ The Vatican establishes a low cost charter flight service to Catholic shrines in France, Poland, Spain and the Middle East for pilgrims. ](/news/2007/08/27/the-vatican-establishes-a-low-cost-charter-flight-service-to-catholic-shrines-in-france-poland-spain-and-the-middle-east-for-pilgrims.md) _Context: Catholic, Polish_
4. [Abortion in Chile: Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: abortion_
5. [Oldest men: The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/oldest-men-the-world-s-oldest-man-polish-israeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies.md) _Context: Polish_
6. [World heritage sites: In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/world-heritage-sites-in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered.md) _Context: Polish_
7. [Poland in the European Union: The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: Polish_
8. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: Polish_
9. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: abortion_
10. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Polish_
