### [2009-09-23](/news/2009/09/23/index.md)

#  India successfully launches seven satellites in a single mission one month after its inaugural Moon mission is aborted. Included are six smaller satellites from Germany, Switzerland and Turkey. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8270200.stm)
2. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?from=rss_Space&set_id=1&click_id=118&art_id=nw20090923114247185C548138)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Swiss, Turkish_
2. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Germany, India_
3. [The German Bundestag passes a resolution classifying the Ottoman Empire's killing of Armenians in 1915 as genocide, provoking a furious reaction in Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-german-bundestag-passes-a-resolution-classifying-the-ottoman-empire-s-killing-of-armenians-in-1915-as-genocide-provoking-a-furious-reac.md) _Context: Germany, Turkish_
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: Germany, Turkish_
5. [During a rally in support of German comedian Jan Bohmermann, outside the Turkish embassy in Berlin, Bruno Kramm, head of the Berlin branch of Germany's Pirate Party, is arrested for "insulting a representative of a foreign state" by quoting a line from the comic's satirical poem about Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/04/23/during-a-rally-in-support-of-german-comedian-jan-baphmermann-outside-the-turkish-embassy-in-berlin-bruno-kramm-head-of-the-berlin-branch.md) _Context: Germany, Turkish_
6. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Germany, Swiss_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Germany, Turkish_
8. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: India, Turkish_
9. [2013 European floods:Austria, Germany, Switzerland and the Czech Republic are hit by floods after days of heavy rain. ](/news/2013/06/2/2013-european-floods-paustria-germany-switzerland-and-the-czech-republic-are-hit-by-floods-after-days-of-heavy-rain.md) _Context: Germany, Swiss_
10. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: Germany, Turkish_
