### [2009-09-23](/news/2009/09/23/index.md)

#  The Bundespolizei investigate whether a string of letters from the far-right NPD party to politicians from immigrant backgrounds have incited racial hatred. 




### Source:

1. [Deusche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,4713188,00.html?maca=en-currentaffairs_germany-77-rdf)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8270598.stm)

### Related:

1. [German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. ](/news/2017/01/14/german-police-detain-two-suspects-with-over-150kg-of-pyrotechnic-explosives-and-an-ied-inscribed-with-a-swastika-and-ss-runes-stating-the-t.md) _Context: German police_
2. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the  UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." ](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hot.md) _Context: migrants_
3. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: migrants_
4. [German police temporarily seal off the main entrance to the chancellery building because of a suspicious package. ](/news/2016/01/6/german-police-temporarily-seal-off-the-main-entrance-to-the-chancellery-building-because-of-a-suspicious-package.md) _Context: German police_
5. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: migrants_
6. [United States federal judge Susan Bolton issues a ruling blocking Arizona from implementing sections of Arizona SB 1070 requiring police to check a person's immigration status and requiring immigrants to carry their papers at all times. ](/news/2010/07/28/united-states-federal-judge-susan-bolton-issues-a-ruling-blocking-arizona-from-implementing-sections-of-arizona-sb-1070-requiring-police-to.md) _Context: migrants_
7. [ French riot police detain 278 migrants in Calais in an operation to dismantle the "jungle" camp. ](/news/2009/09/22/french-riot-police-detain-278-migrants-in-calais-in-an-operation-to-dismantle-the-jungle-camp.md) _Context: migrants_
8. [ Greek police use bulldozers to completely clear a sprawling migrant camp that had been in place in the port town of Patras for over a decade.  ](/news/2009/07/13/greek-police-use-bulldozers-to-completely-clear-a-sprawling-migrant-camp-that-had-been-in-place-in-the-port-town-of-patras-for-over-a-decad.md) _Context: migrants_
9. [ Immaculata University discovers the mass grave of 57 Irish immigrants in East Whiteland Township, Pennsylvania, United States. ](/news/2009/03/24/immaculata-university-discovers-the-mass-grave-of-57-irish-immigrants-in-east-whiteland-township-pennsylvania-united-states.md) _Context: migrants_
10. [ Four boats carrying approximately 1,700 illegal Libyan migrants arrive on the Italian island of Lampedusa. ](/news/2008/12/28/four-boats-carrying-approximately-1-700-illegal-libyan-migrants-arrive-on-the-italian-island-of-lampedusa.md) _Context: migrants_
