### [2014-05-18](/news/2014/05/18/index.md)

# Soma mine disaster:: Turkish police arrest 18 people including mining company executives over the disaster which caused the deaths of 301 people. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27459912#)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Eight Turkish police officers are killed and 40 are injured in a bombing at a police checkpoint in the town of Cizre, with the PKK believed to be responsible. ](/news/2016/08/26/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-eight-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-40-are-injured-in-a-bombing-at-a-police-checkpoint.md) _Context: Turkish police_
2. [Turkey-United States relations: The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: Turkish police_
3. [ PKK rebellion (2015-present): A car bomb attack on a Turkish gendarmerie in the town of Hani kills at least two people and injures 50. ](/news/2016/04/12/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-turkish-gendarmerie-in-the-town-of-hani-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-50.md) _Context: Turkish police_
4. [Media freedom in Turkey: Turkish police fire tear gas at protesters outside the Istanbul headquarters of the "Zaman" newspaper which has been taken over by the Turkish government. ](/news/2016/03/5/media-freedom-in-turkey-turkish-police-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-outside-the-istanbul-headquarters-of-the-zaman-newspaper-which-has-bee.md) _Context: Turkish police_
5. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/4/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-at-least-14-others-including-several-civilians-are-injured-by-a-c.md) _Context: Turkish police_
6. [ PKK rebellion (2015-present): Authorities in Turkey arrest three academics on charges of "terrorist propaganda" after they called for an end to security operations in the country's Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/03/16/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-authorities-in-turkey-arrest-three-academics-on-charges-of-terrorist-propaganda-after-they-called-for-an.md) _Context: Turkish police_
7. [Turkey-PKK conflict: PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkey-pkk-conflict-pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs.md) _Context: Turkish police_
8. [Censorship in Turkey: Turkish police storm and shut down both Kanalturk TV and Bugun, TV stations that have been critical of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) ahead of a general election on November 1. Baris Yarkadas, a lawmaker with the main-opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said -We are witnessing the police entering news organizations, delivering declarations and taking over journalists- seats-just like junta periods, this is called a police state-. ](/news/2015/10/28/censorship-in-turkey-turkish-police-storm-and-shut-down-both-kanalta1-4rk-tv-and-buga1-4n-tv-stations-that-have-been-critical-of-the-ruling-ju.md) _Context: Turkish police_
9. [Turkey-PKK conflict: 2015 PKK rebellion: Two police officers are gunned down by suspected PKK militants on the streets of Adana, southern Turkey. ](/news/2015/09/29/turkey-pkk-conflict-2015-pkk-rebellion-two-police-officers-are-gunned-down-by-suspected-pkk-militants-on-the-streets-of-adana-southern.md) _Context: Turkish police_
10. [Turkey-PKK conflict: PKK attacks kill five Turkish police officers in the southeastern Mardin and Hakkari provinces. The Turkish Army claims to have killed nine militants. ](/news/2015/09/16/turkey-pkk-conflict-pkk-attacks-kill-five-turkish-police-officers-in-the-southeastern-mardin-and-hakkac-ri-provinces-the-turkish-army-cla.md) _Context: Turkish police_
