### [2007-01-28](/news/2007/01/28/index.md)

#  State-owned Egyptian newspaper "Al Ahram" publishes an article stating that the Government of Iran ordered the assassination of Ihab al-Sherif, Egypt's ambassador to Iraq, in July 2005 in an effort to limit Egypt's influence in the region. 

Attributed to anonymous sources and denied by the foreign ministries of both Egypt and Iran, the report could strain already tense relations between the countries.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/29/world/africa/29egypt.html?_r=1&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt_
2. [ Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. ](/news/2006/08/27/israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-weeks-as-reported-earlier-in-eg.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt_
3. [ Egypt confirms its most senior envoy to Iraq, Ihab al-Sherif, has been killed after being kidnapped last week. A group related to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2005/07/7/egypt-confirms-its-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-ihab-al-sherif-has-been-killed-after-being-kidnapped-last-week-a-group-related-to-abu-musab.md) _Context: Egypt, Ihab al-Sherif_
4. [ Ihab al-Sherif, Egypt's most senior envoy to Iraq is kidnapped by gunmen while buying a newspaper. He was to be promoted to ambassador, representing the first Arab nation to recognize the new Iraqi government. ](/news/2005/07/3/ihab-al-sherif-egypt-s-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-is-kidnapped-by-gunmen-while-buying-a-newspaper-he-was-to-be-promoted-to-ambassador-rep.md) _Context: Egypt, Ihab al-Sherif_
5. [Anti-Semitism: Harvard University canceled an invitation to Irish poet and Oxford University lecturer Tom Paulin after some statements attributed to him in an article in an Egyptian newspaper, al-Ahram, were labelled anti-Jewish by university officials. Paulin is quoted (amongst other things) as saying that American Jewish settlers in Israel should be "shot dead.&nbsp;... I think they are Nazis, racists. I feel nothing but hatred for them." He is also quoted as saying that he understands "how suicide bombers feel", and recommends that Palestinians take up guerrilla warfare against civilians in order to create a sense of solidarity.](/news/2002/11/12/anti-semitism-harvard-university-canceled-an-invitation-to-irish-poet-and-oxford-university-lecturer-tom-paulin-after-some-statements-attri.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt_
6. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
