### [2007-01-28](/news/2007/01/28/index.md)

#  State-owned Egyptian newspaper ''Al Ahram'' publishes an article stating that the Government of Iran ordered the assassination of Ihab al-Sherif, Egypt's ambassador to Iraq, in July 2005 in an effort to limit Egypt's influence in the region. 

Attributed to anonymous sources and denied by the foreign ministries of both Egypt and Iran, the report could strain already tense relations between the countries.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/29/world/africa/29egypt.html?_r=1&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. ](/news/2006/08/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-w.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt_
3. [ Egypt confirms its most senior envoy to Iraq, Ihab al-Sherif, has been killed after being kidnapped last week. A group related to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2005/07/7/egypt-confirms-its-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-ihab-al-sherif-has-been-killed-after-being-kidnapped-last-week-a-group-related-to-abu-musab.md) _Context: Egypt, Ihab al-Sherif_
4. [ Ihab al-Sherif, Egypt's most senior envoy to Iraq is kidnapped by gunmen while buying a newspaper. He was to be promoted to ambassador, representing the first Arab nation to recognize the new Iraqi government. ](/news/2005/07/3/ihab-al-sherif-egypt-s-most-senior-envoy-to-iraq-is-kidnapped-by-gunmen-while-buying-a-newspaper-he-was-to-be-promoted-to-ambassador-rep.md) _Context: Egypt, Ihab al-Sherif_
5. [Anti-Semitism: Harvard University canceled an invitation to Irish poet and Oxford University lecturer Tom Paulin after some statements attributed to him in an article in an Egyptian newspaper, al-Ahram, were labelled anti-Jewish by university officials. Paulin is quoted (amongst other things) as saying that American Jewish settlers in Israel should be "shot dead.&nbsp;... I think they are Nazis, racists. I feel nothing but hatred for them." He is also quoted as saying that he understands "how suicide bombers feel", and recommends that Palestinians take up guerrilla warfare against civilians in order to create a sense of solidarity.](/news/2002/11/12/anti-semitism-harvard-university-canceled-an-invitation-to-irish-poet-and-oxford-university-lecturer-tom-paulin-after-some-statements-attri.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities announces the discovery of   eight mummies, 10 colorful sarcophagi, and numerous figurines in  a 3,500-year-old tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Luxor. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-announces-the-discovery-of-eight-mummies-10-colorful-sarcophagi-and-numerous-figurines-in-a-3-500.md) _Context: Egypt_
