### [2003-06-27](/news/2003/06/27/index.md)

#  The United States Federal Trade Commission opens the National Do Not Call Registry. This registry gives consumers an opportunity to limit the telemarketing calls they receive. On October 1, 2003, when the National Do Not Call Registry became enforced, most telemarketers were required to remove the numbers on the registry from their call lists. See http://donotcall.gov/ or call 1-888 382-1222 for registration.,




### Related:

1. [ Judge Lee Roy West of the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma rules that the Federal Trade Commission lacks the authority to create the National Do Not Call Registry. The ruling came in response to a suit filed by the telemarketing industry.](/news/2003/09/24/judge-lee-roy-west-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-western-district-of-oklahoma-rules-that-the-federal-trade-commission-lacks-t.md) _Context: National Do Not Call Registry, U.S. Federal Trade Commission, telemarketing_
2. [ The U.S. District Court in Denver rules that the National Do Not Call Registry would violate the First Amendment since it contains exceptions for certain unsolicited calls. Thus, the Federal Trade Commission is currently prohibited from implementing the registry.](/news/2003/09/25/the-u-s-district-court-in-denver-rules-that-the-national-do-not-call-registry-would-violate-the-first-amendment-since-it-contains-exceptio.md) _Context: National Do Not Call Registry, U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
3. [Negotiators reach a preliminary deal on capping mobile phone intercarrier ("wholesale") tariffs. Roaming charges on voice and data calls for consumers within the EU are expected to be terminated on June 15, 2017. ](/news/2017/02/1/negotiators-reach-a-preliminary-deal-on-capping-mobile-phone-intercarrier-wholesale-tariffs-roaming-charges-on-voice-and-data-calls-for.md) _Context: consumer_
4. [Uber agrees to pay $20 million to settle U.S. Federal Trade Commission claims the company exaggerated prospective earnings and downplayed the costs of buying/leasing a car when recruiting new drivers. ](/news/2017/01/19/uber-agrees-to-pay-20-million-to-settle-u-s-federal-trade-commission-claims-the-company-exaggerated-prospective-earnings-and-downplayed-th.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
5. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission gives the antitrust go ahead to Abbott Laboratories in its acquisition of St. Jude Medical. ](/news/2016/12/27/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-gives-the-antitrust-go-ahead-to-abbott-laboratories-in-its-acquisition-of-st-jude-medical.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
6. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers' access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
7. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
8. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) files an administrative complaint challenging office-supplies giant Staples' proposed $6.3 billion acquisition of top rival Office Depot. The FTC said the deal would significantly reduce national competition in the market for office supplies sold to large business customers. The companies plan to contest the FTC decision. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-ftc-files-an-administrative-complaint-challenging-office-supplies-giant-staples-proposed-6-3.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
9. [Reuters reports on the basis of "people familiar with the matter" that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is close to bringing an antitrust lawsuit against Google over its dominance of the search engine market. ](/news/2012/10/13/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-people-familiar-with-the-matter-that-the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-is-close-to-bringing-an-antitrust-l.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
10. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission allows the proposed merger of two large firms within the market for pharmacy benefit management, Express Scripts and Medco Health Solutions, despite the arguments of many that the degree of concentration that will create in the PBM market will prove unhealthy. ](/news/2012/04/2/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-allows-the-proposed-merger-of-two-large-firms-within-the-market-for-pharmacy-benefit-management-express-s.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
