### [2014-04-5](/news/2014/04/5/index.md)

# 2014 Aswan tribal clashes:23 people are killed in a gunfight between feuding tribes near the Egyptian city of Aswan. 

At least 18 people were killed in a gunfight between two feuding tribes in southern Egypt, media reports said Saturday. The fighting between al—Halail and al—Dabudia tribes in the city of Aswan raged


### Source:

1. [Al-Ahram](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/1/64/98313/Egypt/Politics-/Tribal-feud-claims--lives-in-Egypt%E2%80%99s-Aswan.aspx)
2. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/world/18-killed-in-gunfight-between-feuding-egyptian-tribes/article5876119.ece)

### Related:

1. [2014 Aswan tribal clashes:Two more people are killed in Egypt's Aswan in a third day of clashes. Death toll rises to 25. ](/news/2014/04/6/2014-aswan-tribal-clashes-ptwo-more-people-are-killed-in-egypt-s-aswan-in-a-third-day-of-clashes-death-toll-rises-to-25.md) _Context: 2014 Aswan tribal clashes, Aswan, Egypt_
2. [Officials in 3 Egyptian governorates declare a state of emergency after a barge leaked some 100 tons of gasoline into the Nile River north of Aswan. ](/news/2010/09/11/officials-in-3-egyptian-governorates-declare-a-state-of-emergency-after-a-barge-leaked-some-100-tons-of-gasoline-into-the-nile-river-north-o.md) _Context: Aswan, Egypt_
3. [ 15 people, including 11 foreign nationals, are kidnapped near Aswan in southern Egypt. ](/news/2008/09/22/15-people-including-11-foreign-nationals-are-kidnapped-near-aswan-in-southern-egypt.md) _Context: Aswan, Egypt_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
5. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities announces the discovery of   eight mummies, 10 colorful sarcophagi, and numerous figurines in  a 3,500-year-old tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Luxor. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-announces-the-discovery-of-eight-mummies-10-colorful-sarcophagi-and-numerous-figurines-in-a-3-500.md) _Context: Egypt_
