### [2010-01-13](/news/2010/01/13/index.md)

# Computer modelling shows that the Pine Island Glacier and Thwaites Glacier, once described as a major "tipping point" for the entire West Antarctic Ice Sheet in the embayment of the Amundsen Sea, has reached their own tipping points for eventual collapse, likely to lead to a sea level rise of up to 52 cm. 




### Source:

1. [New Scientist](http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn18383-major-antarctic-glacier-is-past-its-tipping-point.html)

### Related:

1. [Computer modelling shows that the Pine Island Glacier and Thwaites Glacier, once described as a major "tipping point" for the entire West Antarctic Ice Sheet in the embayment of the Amundsen Sea, has reached their own tipping points for eventual collapse, likely to lead to a sea level rise of up to 52 cm over the next century. ](/news/2010/01/17/computer-modelling-shows-that-the-pine-island-glacier-and-thwaites-glacier-once-described-as-a-major-tipping-point-for-the-entire-west-an.md) _Context: Amundsen Sea, Pine Island Glacier, Thwaites Glacier, West Antarctic, rising sea levels_
2. [The American town of Shishmaref, Alaska, votes to relocate the village from its current location on a barrier island, that has been disappearing through erosion and rising sea levels, to a site on the mainland. ](/news/2016/08/19/the-american-town-of-shishmaref-alaska-votes-to-relocate-the-village-from-its-current-location-on-a-barrier-island-that-has-been-disappea.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
3. [Retreat of glaciers since 1850. Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world-s glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones - like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. - are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/retreat-of-glaciers-since-1850-scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-world-s-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-sm.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
4. [Recent climate change would still cause a 6-meter (20-feet) sea-level rise even if greenhouse gas emissions were reduced today per a scientific paper in "Science".](/news/2015/07/14/recent-climate-change-would-still-cause-a-6-meter-20-feet-sea-level-rise-even-if-greenhouse-gas-emissions-were-reduced-today-per-a-scienti.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
5. [Studies published in "Geophysical Research Letters" and "Science" find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. ](/news/2014/05/13/studies-published-in-geophysical-research-letters-and-science-find-that-the-west-antarctic-ice-sheet-is-potentially-irrevocably-melting.md) _Context: West Antarctic_
6. [A gigantic iceberg is floating in the Southern Ocean after breaking off the Pine Island Glacier in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-gigantic-iceberg-is-floating-in-the-southern-ocean-after-breaking-off-the-pine-island-glacier-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Pine Island Glacier_
7. [ The British Antarctic Survey announces that the flow rate of 300 previously unmeasured glaciers increased by 12% between 1993 and 2003, adding to concerns over glacier retreat and the rise in sea levels caused by global warming. ](/news/2007/06/5/the-british-antarctic-survey-announces-that-the-flow-rate-of-300-previously-unmeasured-glaciers-increased-by-12-between-1993-and-2003-add.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
8. [ The Governments of Kiribati and Tuvalu say the citizens of their countries will need to be permanently relocated over the next ten years due to rising sea levels caused by global warming. ](/news/2006/10/26/the-governments-of-kiribati-and-tuvalu-say-the-citizens-of-their-countries-will-need-to-be-permanently-relocated-over-the-next-ten-years-du.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
9. [ Retired scientist Don Kennedy suggests the entire population of Tuvalu should move to the Fijian island of Kioa, to preserve Tuvaluan culture as their homeland becomes uninhabitable due to rising sea levels. ](/news/2006/02/20/retired-scientist-don-kennedy-suggests-the-entire-population-of-tuvalu-should-move-to-the-fijian-island-of-kioa-to-preserve-tuvaluan-cultu.md) _Context: rising sea levels_
