### [2015-03-11](/news/2015/03/11/index.md)

# A search continues after an army helicopter crashed March 10 during a foggy night training exercise at Eglin Air Force Base in the Florida Panhandle leaving seven Marines and four United States Army soldiers missing. 




### Source:

1. [AP via US News](http://www.usnews.com/news/us/articles/2015/03/11/7-marines-4-soldiers-missing-after-helicopter-crashes)

### Related:

1. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Marines_
2. [US Navy losses in World War II. The wreckage of the Indianapolis|CA-35|6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/us-navy-losses-in-world-war-ii-the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-ca-35-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i.md) _Context: Marines_
3. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters. A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: United States Army_
4. [Military of the United States. Because of a recent pair of deadly crashes, the U.S. Marine Corps will ground its flight operations for 24 hours for an operational reset. The suspensions will be spread out over the next two weeks. ](/news/2017/08/11/military-of-the-united-states-because-of-a-recent-pair-of-deadly-crashes-the-u-s-marine-corps-will-ground-its-flight-operations-for-24-ho.md) _Context: Marines_
5. [Jordan-United States relations. Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordan-united-states-relations-jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: United States Army_
6. [2017 United States Marine Corps KC-130 crash. A United States Marine Corps Lockheed C-130 Hercules military transport aircraft carrying sixteen people has crashed near the American town of Greenwood, Mississippi. All sixteen bodies have been recovered. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-united-states-marine-corps-kc-130-crash-a-united-states-marine-corps-lockheed-c-130-hercules-military-transport-aircraft-carrying-sixt.md) _Context: Marines_
7. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: United States Army_
8. [A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland. At least one crew member is injured and taken to hospital. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-united-states-army-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-on-a-golf-course-in-leonardtown-maryland-at-least-one-crew-member-is-injured-and.md) _Context: United States Army_
9. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Marines_
10. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet. President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: United States Army_
