### [2015-03-11](/news/2015/03/11/index.md)

# The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. 

A former Chechen police officer was likely tortured into confessing to the murder of Russian opposition activist Boris Nemtsov, a member of the Kremlin&#x27;s human rights council said Wednesday, prompting a spat with investigators. The statement from a body close to President Vladimir Putin and often


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/nemtsov-killing-suspect-likely-confessed-under-torture-russia-072215582.html;_ylt=AwrTWfzh9P9UyyQAWyrQtDMD)

### Related:

1. [A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. ](/news/2015/03/8/a-court-in-moscow-charges-two-men-of-chechen-origin-zaur-dadayev-and-ansor-gubashev-who-were-among-five-arrested-march-7-with-the-murder.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination, Zaur Dadayev_
2. [Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. ](/news/2015/03/7/russian-authorities-arrest-five-men-anzor-gubashev-and-zaur-dadayev-suspects-from-the-rebellious-north-caucasus-region-according-to-russi.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination, Zaur Dadayev_
3. [A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-large-rally-with-estimated-counts-ranging-from-7-500-to-100-000-honors-former-deputy-prime-minister-and-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination_
4. [In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. ](/news/2015/02/27/in-moscow-an-unidentified-attacker-assassinates-leading-russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-the-former-deputy-chairman-of-the-gove.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination_
5. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
6. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
7. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov's assassination_
8. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
9. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted  the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire.  Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government.  ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [Russian authorities refuse entry into Russia at Moscow's Sheremetyevo International Airport to a Latvian lawmaker and vice-chair of the biggest bloc in the EU, Sandra Kalniete. Having received no reasonable explanation for the ban, she flies back to Brussels. ](/news/2015/03/3/russian-authorities-refuse-entry-into-russia-at-moscow-s-sheremetyevo-international-airport-to-a-latvian-lawmaker-and-vice-chair-of-the-bigg.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov's assassination_
