### [2012-05-11](/news/2012/05/11/index.md)

# A woman is arrested on suspicion of murder after five children die in a suspected arson fire in the English city of Derby. 

A man and a woman are being questioned on suspicion of murdering five children who died in a house fire in Derby.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-18031768)

### Related:

1. [Trainmaker Bombardier Transportation cuts 1,400 jobs from its United Kingdom factory in the English city of Derby after missing out on the GBP1.4bn Thameslink project. ](/news/2011/07/5/trainmaker-bombardier-transportation-cuts-1-400-jobs-from-its-united-kingdom-factory-in-the-english-city-of-derby-after-missing-out-on-the-a.md) _Context: Derby, England_
2. [One Love Manchester. The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/one-love-manchester-the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester.md) _Context: England_
3. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: England_
4. [2017 Newcastle incident. Six people are injured after a car ploughs into Eid al-Fitr worshippers in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-newcastle-incident-six-people-are-injured-after-a-car-ploughs-into-eid-al-fitr-worshippers-in-newcastle-upon-tyne-england-police-do.md) _Context: England_
5. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-s.md) _Context: England_
6. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: England_
7. [Alan Turing law. The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/alan-turing-law-the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-engla.md) _Context: England_
8. [2016 Great Smoky Mountains wildfires. Two juveniles are charged with aggravated arson in relation to the wildfires that claimed 14 lives in the US town of Gatlinburg, Tennessee. ](/news/2016/12/7/2016-great-smoky-mountains-wildfires-two-juveniles-are-charged-with-aggravated-arson-in-relation-to-the-wildfires-that-claimed-14-lives-in.md) _Context: arson_
9. [As many as 200 prisoners take over parts of HM Prison Bedford in Bedford, England, amid reports of a riot and explosions inside the Category B men's prison. ](/news/2016/11/6/as-many-as-200-prisoners-take-over-parts-of-hm-prison-bedford-in-bedford-england-amid-reports-of-a-riot-and-explosions-inside-the-category.md) _Context: England_
10. [European migrant crisis. Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/european-migrant-crisis-two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: arson_
