### [2012-05-11](/news/2012/05/11/index.md)

# At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/may/11/rebekah-brooks-jeremy-hunt-hacking?newsfeed=true)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International, Rebekah Brooks_
2. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
3. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
4. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
5. [British Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt agrees to hand over private emails to the Leveson Inquiry relating to the BSkyB takeover as pressure mounts for a separate inquiry into his conduct. ](/news/2012/04/27/british-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-agrees-to-hand-over-private-emails-to-the-leveson-inquiry-relating-to-th.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Leveson Inquiry, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
6. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
7. [Speaking on the BBC's "The Andrew Marr Show", British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. ](/news/2012/06/3/speaking-on-the-bbc-s-the-andrew-marr-show-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-acted-wisely-in.md) _Context: Jeremy Hunt, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
8. [Channel 4 news anchor Jon Snow tells the Leveson Inquiry that Associated Newspapers, which publishes the "Daily Mail" and "Mail on Sunday", is worse than News International's titles, that it has a "pernicious" and sometimes "mendacious" agenda to undermine people in public life, and predicts that "very possibly they will go after me for saying so". ](/news/2012/06/25/channel-4-news-anchor-jon-snow-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-associated-newspapers-which-publishes-the-daily-mail-and-mail-on-sunday.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News International_
9. [Rebekah Brooks, the former CEO of News International, appears at Westminster Magistrates Court on phone hacking charges alongside her husband and four other News International employees. ](/news/2012/06/13/rebekah-brooks-the-former-ceo-of-news-international-appears-at-westminster-magistrates-court-on-phone-hacking-charges-alongside-her-husban.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
10. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, Rebekah Brooks_
