### [2012-05-11](/news/2012/05/11/index.md)

# Security is tightened in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, ahead of anti-China protests amid an ongoing Sino-Philippine territorial dispute in the South China Sea. 

Security was tightened in the Philippines capital on Friday ahead of anti-Chinese protests over a territorial dispute in the South China Sea, with both Beijing and Taipei warning their citizens to be on guard for violence.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/11/us-philippines-china-idUSBRE84A05S20120511)

### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War: At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Manila, Philippines_
2. [More than 10,000 people are left homeless after a fire ravages a densely populated neighborhood of the Philippines capital Manila. ](/news/2017/02/8/more-than-10-000-people-are-left-homeless-after-a-fire-ravages-a-densely-populated-neighborhood-of-the-philippines-capital-manila.md) _Context: Manila, Philippines_
3. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: Manila, Philippines_
4. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila announces the cancellation of 20 flights due to bad weather in the Philippines caused by Tropical Storm Marce. ](/news/2016/11/25/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-ninoy-aquino-international-airport-in-manila-announces-the-cancellation-of-20-flights-due-to-bad-weather-in-the.md) _Context: Manila, Philippines_
5. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Philippines, South China Sea_
6. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: Philippines, South China Sea_
7. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: Philippines, South China Sea_
8. ["Philippines v. China": On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-on-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the-s.md) _Context: Philippines, South China Sea_
9. [Japan-Philippines relations: A Japanese Navy submarine makes a port call in the Philippines, the first in fifteen years, in a show of growing military cooperation amid tension triggered by China's growing assertiveness in the South China Sea. It was escorted into the former U.S. Naval Base at Subic Bay by two Japanese destroyers on a tour of Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/04/3/japan-philippines-relations-a-japanese-navy-submarine-makes-a-port-call-in-the-philippines-the-first-in-fifteen-years-in-a-show-of-grow.md) _Context: Philippines, South China Sea_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: Philippines, South China Sea_
