### [2017-09-2](/news/2017/09/2/index.md)

# Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. 

Suicide bombers struck a state-run power station north of Baghdad early on Saturday, killing seven people and forcing the facility to shut down in an attack claimed by Islamic State, police and army sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-attacks/suicide-bombers-attack-power-station-north-of-baghdad-killing-seven-police-idUSKCN1BD0EQ)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [ Two car bombs kill at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in Samawa, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-car-bombs-kill-at-least-32-people-and-wounded-75-others-in-samawa-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the-blast-at-the-secu.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazidis-and-shias-in-areas-it-controls.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi authorities are searching for 10 grams of iridium-192, a radioactive material stolen from a Weatherford International oilfield services facility near Basra in November 2015. Authorities are concerned about its potential use by Islamic State, or the like, to develop a dirty bomb weapon. ](/news/2016/02/17/iraqi-authorities-are-searching-for-10-grams-of-iridium-192-a-radioactive-material-stolen-from-a-weatherford-international-oilfield-service.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famously-proclaimed-the-creation-of-a-cal.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [  A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-people-and-injures-24-isil-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
