### [2012-04-23](/news/2012/04/23/index.md)

# The North Carolina trial of former U.S. Senator and presidential hopeful John Edwards, concerning the use of illegal campaign donations to cover up an affair with a mistress, begins. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/23/us-usa-court-edwards-idUSBRE83L06K20120423?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FtopNews+%28News+%2F+US+%2F+Top+News%29)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards withdraws his candidacy. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-former-north-carolina-senator-john-edwards-withdraws-his-candidacy.md) _Context: John Edwards, North Carolina, United States Senate_
2. [John Edwards, former United States presidential candidate and Senator representing North Carolina, is indicted on charges of conspiracy and violating campaign finance laws in connection to his affair with Rielle Hunter; Edwards denies he broke any laws. ](/news/2011/06/3/john-edwards-former-united-states-presidential-candidate-and-senator-representing-north-carolina-is-indicted-on-charges-of-conspiracy-and.md) _Context: John Edwards, North Carolina_
3. [ Former U.S. Senator and Democratic ex-presidential candidate John Edwards admits to an affair with Rielle Hunter after having earlier denied it. ](/news/2008/08/8/former-u-s-senator-and-democratic-ex-presidential-candidate-john-edwards-admits-to-an-affair-with-rielle-hunter-after-having-earlier-denie.md) _Context: John Edwards, an affair_
4. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-known-as-the-transgender-bathro.md) _Context: North Carolina_
6. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.  ](/news/2017/02/7/the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary-of-education.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: United States Senate_
