### [2014-04-21](/news/2014/04/21/index.md)

# Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. A Tropical Cyclone hampers the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 which vanished on March 8 with 239 people on board. A U.S. Navy submarine Bluefin-21 is on mission to find the wreckage. 

A tropical cyclone was threatening to hamper the search for a missing Malaysian jetliner in a remote stretch of the Indian Ocean on Monday, as a submarine drone neared the end of its mission scouring the sea bed with still no sign of wreckage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/04/21/us-malaysia-airlines-idUSBREA3J01G20140421)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. A Malaysian court dismisses Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore has no liability to relatives. The court ruled MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Australian infrastructure and transport minister Darren Chester says in a statement that debris recovered this month in Mozambique was highly likely to be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight. ](/news/2016/03/24/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-australian-infrastructure-and-transport-minister-darren-chester-says-in-a-statement-that-debris-recovered-this.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Malaysia Airlines loses contact with a Boeing 777-200ER passenger plane carrying 239 people from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, China. ](/news/2014/03/8/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-malaysia-airlines-loses-contact-with-a-boeing-777-200er-passenger-plane-carrying-239-people-from-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. The underwater search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has been suspended. ](/news/2017/01/17/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-the-underwater-search-for-missing-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-has-been-suspended.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/search-for-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysi.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines_
8. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Investigators hypothesise that the plane may be further to the north than the current search area. ](/news/2016/07/27/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-investigators-hypothesise-that-the-plane-may-be-further-to-the-north-than-the-current-search-area.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
9. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. An article in "New York" magazine speculates that the pilot may have deliberately crashed the plane into the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2016/07/23/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-an-article-in-new-york-magazine-speculates-that-the-pilot-may-have-deliberately-crashed-the-plane-into-the-s.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
10. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. The Government of Malaysia confirms that two more pieces of debris found in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off the coast of Mauritius are "almost certainly" from Malaysia Airlines 370 that disappeared two years ago. ](/news/2016/05/12/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-the-government-of-malaysia-confirms-that-two-more-pieces-of-debris-found-in-south-africa-and-rodrigues-island.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
