### [2003-04-1](/news/2003/04/1/index.md)

#  The US Supreme Court hears oral arguments for "Grutter v. Bollinger", (regarding the University of Michigan Law Schools' affirmative action admissions policy), and "Gratz and Hamacher v. Bollinger", (examining the university's undergraduate admissions policy.)




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Supreme Court issues opinions in "Grutter v. Bollinger" and "Gratz and Hamacher v. Bollinger", challenges to the affirmative action admissions policies at the University of Michigan. In "Grutter", the Court held that the University of Michigan Law School's admissions policy, which considered race as one of a number of "soft" admissions factors on a case-by-case basis, was constitutional. In "Gratz", the Court held that the undergraduate affirmative action admissions policy, which was based on a point system and was more rigid than the Law School's, was unconstitutional.](/news/2003/06/23/the-u-s-supreme-court-issues-opinions-in-grutter-v-bollinger-and-gratz-and-hamacher-v-bollinger-challenges-to-the-affirmative-actio.md) _Context: Gratz and Hamacher v. Bollinger, Grutter v. Bollinger, United States Supreme Court, University of Michigan, affirmative action_
2. [In a 6-2 ruling, the Supreme Court of the United States finds that a ban on affirmative action through a state constitutional amendment is permissible under the U.S. Constitution, overturning an appeals court ruling. ](/news/2014/04/22/in-a-6-2-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-finds-that-a-ban-on-affirmative-action-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-is-p.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, affirmative action_
3. [ Law - The United States Supreme Court is asked about requiring Internet filters.](/news/2002/06/20/law-a-the-united-states-supreme-court-is-asked-about-requiring-internet-filters.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, law_
4. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
