### [2011-08-16](/news/2011/08/16/index.md)

# National Transitional Council forces in Libya began cutting off supply lines to Tripoli after a 48 hour operation capturing key towns around the capital and surrounding the city. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/analysis-fight-flee-decision-time-libyas-gaddafi-101848813.html)
2. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/rebels-tripoli-encircled-u-says-scud-fired-014925794.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
2. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war:Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pdeposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
4. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council, Tripoli_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafias-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war:The National Transitional Council in Libya raises concerns about mass killing of political prisoners by the former government. ](/news/2011/08/29/2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-national-transitional-council-in-libya-raises-concerns-about-mass-killing-of-political-prisoners-by-the-former-go.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
7. [Libya's National Transitional Council announces plans to move its headquarters to Tripoli following the capture of the city from Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/08/25/libya-s-national-transitional-council-announces-plans-to-move-its-headquarters-to-tripoli-following-the-capture-of-the-city-from-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council, Tripoli_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war:Abdul Hafiz Ghoga, the Vice Chairman of the National Transitional Council, says that "the zero hour has started" with fighting continuing in Tripoli. ](/news/2011/08/21/2011-libyan-civil-war-pabdul-hafiz-ghoga-the-vice-chairman-of-the-national-transitional-council-says-that-the-zero-hour-has-started-with.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council, Tripoli_
9. [Libyan Civil War:(NATO claims to have destroyed three television distribution facilities in an airstrike on Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2011/07/30/libyan-civil-war-p-nato-claims-to-have-destroyed-three-television-distribution-facilities-in-an-airstrike-on-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war:Turkey sets up a US$100 million fund to support the Libyan rebel National Transitional  Council. ](/news/2011/06/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-pturkey-sets-up-a-us-100-million-fund-to-support-the-libyan-rebel-national-transitional-council.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, National Transitional Council_
