### [2011-08-16](/news/2011/08/16/index.md)

# "News of the World" phone hacking scandal:: MPs release a letter sent to News International in 2007 by former "News of the World" Royal editor Clive Goodman, in which he alleges senior staff at the newspaper were aware of phone hacking activities. 

MPs release a letter from a journalist jailed for phone hacking, alleging senior News of the World figures struck a deal to stop him implicating the paper at trial.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14541848)

### Related:

1. [R v Brooks, Coulson and six others: Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/r-v-brooks-coulson-and-six-others-former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack.md) _Context: Clive Goodman, News International_
2. [April Casburn, a senior detective with the Metropolitan Police is found guilty of trying to sell information on the investigation into phone hacking to the "News of the World", the newspaper at the centre of the scandal. ](/news/2013/01/10/april-casburn-a-senior-detective-with-the-metropolitan-police-is-found-guilty-of-trying-to-sell-information-on-the-investigation-into-phone.md) _Context: News of the World, phone hacking_
3. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: News International, phone hacking_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal: The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severan.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
5. ["News of the World" phone hacking affair:: News International shuts down the British newspaper the "News of the World", as a result of a phone hacking affair, with the final edition coming out Sunday. ](/news/2011/07/7/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-affair-news-international-shuts-down-the-british-newspaper-the-news-of-the-world-as-a-result-of-a-pho.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
6. [News of the World phone hacking scandal:: News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, his son James, and News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks all agree to appear before British MPs next week to answer questions on the News of the World phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/14/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-scandal-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-murdoch-his-son-james-and-news-international-chief-executive-re.md) _Context: News International, phone hacking_
7. [News International privacy breaches: Ten members of the British royal family including the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are believed to be among the victims of the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/11/news-international-privacy-breaches-ten-members-of-the-british-royal-family-including-the-prince-of-wales-and-the-duchess-of-cornwall-are-b.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
8. [News International: The final edition of the "News of the World" is published in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2011/07/10/news-international-the-final-edition-of-the-news-of-the-world-is-published-in-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: News International, News of the World_
9. [Phone hacking scandal:: A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/phone-hacking-scandal-a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunc.md) _Context: News of the World_
10. [The jailing for two years of former Met Police officer Paul Flattley, who sold information to News International daily tabloid "The Sun" about Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Paul Gascoigne and a 15-year-old girl who died of an overdose, is revealed for the first time today, "legal reasons" having prevented its disclosure until now. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-jailing-for-two-years-of-former-met-police-officer-paul-flattley-who-sold-information-to-news-international-daily-tabloid-the-sun-abo.md) _Context: News International_
