### [2006-06-26](/news/2006/06/26/index.md)

#  Israel has stated that they will ensure that the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government is "toppled" if their captured soldier, Gilad Shalit, is killed. Three Palestinian groups claiming to hold Shalit refuse to provide information about his health via the Palestine Red Crescent, unless all jailed Palestinian women and teenagers are released from Israeli prisons. Three Qassam rockets are launched from the Gaza Strip against Israeli towns, one of them wounding 4 civilians in Sderot and causing a power outage throughout the city. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2119339&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)
2. [AFP/High Ranking Source](http://www.breitbart.com/news/2006/06/26/060626081817.kfhkbz2g.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/730994.html)
4. [Jerusalem post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?c=JPArticle&cid=1150885857321&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:. Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot.. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets, Sderot_
3. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Palestinian_
5. [German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle calls on Hamas to free captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and urges Israel to end its embargo of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip, but does not meet with the Gaza leadership because of group's refusal to renounce violence and recognize Israel. ](/news/2010/11/8/german-foreign-minister-guido-westerwelle-calls-on-hamas-to-free-captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-and-urges-israel-to-end-its-embargo-o.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
6. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:. The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
7. [ Israel agrees with Hamas to swap twenty female Palestinian prisoners for a videotape proving Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit is still alive. ](/news/2009/10/2/israel-agrees-with-hamas-to-swap-twenty-female-palestinian-prisoners-for-a-videotape-proving-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-is-still-alive.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli forces pull back from the Northern Gaza Strip after a two day raid that was prompted by the firing of Qassam rockets and mortar shells into Israel. The raid left 11 Palestinians, including civilians and members of Hamas and the Army of Islam, dead and 20 wounded. ](/news/2007/09/27/israeli-forces-pull-back-from-the-northern-gaza-strip-after-a-two-day-raid-that-was-prompted-by-the-firing-of-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-she.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel, Qassam rockets_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
