### [2005-07-10](/news/2005/07/10/index.md)

#  Karl Rove's lawyer, Robert Luskin, acknowledges that Rove was connected to the leak that led to the revelation of Valerie Plame's position as a CIA agent. Luskin confirmed that Rove had been interviewed by Cooper for the article. It is unclear, however, what passed between Cooper and Rove. "Rove did not mention her name to Cooper," Luskin said. "This was not an effort to encourage ''Time'' <nowiki>[magazine]</nowiki> to disclose her identity. What he was doing was discouraging ''Time'' from perpetuating some statements that had been made publicly and weren't true." Luskin had previously said that Rove "absolutely did not identify Valerie Plame." 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/07/10/AR2005071001000.html)
2. [Newsweek](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/8525978/site/newsweek/)

### Related:

1. [ On ''The McLaughlin Group'' programme, MSNBC's political analyst Lawrence O'Donnell claims to have known that the identity of Matthew Cooper's source in the Valerie Plame exposure scandal was Karl Rove. ](/news/2005/07/2/on-the-mclaughlin-group-programme-msnbc-s-political-analyst-lawrence-o-donnell-claims-to-have-known-that-the-identity-of-matthew-coope.md) _Context: Karl Rove, Valerie Plame_
2. [ ''Time'' correspondent Matthew Cooper reveals that last week he told a grand jury that Karl Rove&mdash;a top White House political adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush&mdash; was the first to reveal Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent. ](/news/2005/07/17/time-correspondent-matthew-cooper-reveals-that-last-week-he-told-a-grand-jury-that-karl-rove-mdash-a-top-white-house-political-adviser.md) _Context: Karl Rove, Valerie Plame_
3. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that  Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: Karl Rove, Valerie Plame_
4. [Karl Rove appears on British television to promote waterboarding and speaks of his pride that "we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists", saying these techniques were "appropriate". ](/news/2010/03/12/karl-rove-appears-on-british-television-to-promote-waterboarding-and-speaks-of-his-pride-that-we-used-techniques-that-broke-the-will-of-the.md) _Context: Karl Rove_
5. [ Karl Rove, Deputy White House Chief of Staff and George W. Bush's leading political adviser, tells the ''Wall Street Journal'' that he intends to resign at the end of August. ](/news/2007/08/13/karl-rove-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-and-george-w-bush-s-leading-political-adviser-tells-the-wall-street-journal-that-he-inte.md) _Context: Karl Rove_
6. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: Karl Rove_
7. [ A U.S. federal judge dismisses a case brought by Valerie Plame against members of the Bush Administration in connection with the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/07/19/a-u-s-federal-judge-dismisses-a-case-brought-by-valerie-plame-against-members-of-the-bush-administration-in-connection-with-the-plame-affa.md) _Context: Valerie Plame_
8. [ At a press conference, U.S. President George W. Bush admits for the first time that someone in his administration may have leaked the name of CIA agent Valerie Plame. ](/news/2007/07/12/at-a-press-conference-u-s-president-george-w-bush-admits-for-the-first-time-that-someone-in-his-administration-may-have-leaked-the-name.md) _Context: Valerie Plame_
9. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: The Bush administration agrees to allow Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers to testify but not under oath.](/news/2007/03/20/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-the-bush-administration-agrees-to-allow-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-karl-rove-and-former-whi.md) _Context: Karl Rove_
10. [ Former United States Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage originally revealed the identity of Valerie Plame to columnist Robert Novak in 2003. ](/news/2006/08/30/former-united-states-deputy-secretary-of-state-richard-armitage-originally-revealed-the-identity-of-valerie-plame-to-columnist-robert-novak.md) _Context: Valerie Plame_
