### [2012-03-14](/news/2012/03/14/index.md)

# The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/english/news/Obama-Welcomes-British-PM-to-White-House-142621936.html)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meets with US President Barack Obama to discuss the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, Afghanistan and the global economy. ](/news/2010/07/20/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meets-with-us-president-barack-obama-to-discuss-the-gulf-of-mexico-oil-spill-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
2. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, Syria, U.S. President_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, U.S. President, White House_
5. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, Washington, D.C., White House_
6. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the ''International Herald Tribune'' outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/04/14/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
7. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron gifts President of the United States Barack Obama a painting, ''Twenty First Century City'', by graffiti artist Ben Eine, while Obama gifts Cameron a signed lithograph, ''Column with Speed Lines'', by Edward Ruscha. ](/news/2010/07/21/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-gifts-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-a-painting-twenty-first-century-city.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster, U.S. President_
8. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, Washington, D.C., White House_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President, Washington, D.C., White House_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Prime Minster, U.S. President, White House_
