### [2012-03-14](/news/2012/03/14/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court in the Hague delivers a verdict of guilty in the case of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo of the Democratic Republic of the Congo on war crimes charges. 

The war crimes court at The Hague found Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga Dyilo guilty on Wednesday in its first ever ruling after a decade of work limited largely to Africa while major cases elsewhere remain beyond its reach.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-17356339)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/03/14/us-court-lubanga-idUSBRE82D0J620120314?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
2. [Cover Image](https://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20120314&t=2&i=582511924&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBRE82D0ZOE00)

### Related:

1. [Congolese war crimes suspect Bosco Ntaganda appears before the International Criminal Court at The Hague for the first time, following his surprise surrender last week. ](/news/2013/03/26/congolese-war-crimes-suspect-bosco-ntaganda-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-at-the-hague-for-the-first-time-following-his-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague, war crimes_
2. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, war crimes_
3. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
4. [Callixte Mbarushimana, the rebel leader accused of committing war crimes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, is extradited from France to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2011/01/25/callixte-mbarushimana-the-rebel-leader-accused-of-committing-war-crimes-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-is-extradited-from-france.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
5. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
6. [The International Criminal Court orders the first accused at The Hague, Thomas Lubanga from the Democratic Republic of the Congo accused of allegedly recruiting child soldiers, be freed. ](/news/2010/07/15/the-international-criminal-court-orders-the-first-accused-at-the-hague-thomas-lubanga-from-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-accused-of.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
7. [ The trial of two Congolese militia leaders, Germain Katanga and Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui, begins at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2009/11/24/the-trial-of-two-congolese-militia-leaders-germain-katanga-and-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-begins-at-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-ha.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court, The Hague_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, The Hague_
9. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
10. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, International Criminal Court_
