### [2006-12-2](/news/2006/12/2/index.md)

#  Ed Stelmach is elected leader of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta and will become the next premier of Alberta, replacing outgoing leader Ralph Klein and defeating competitors Jim Dinning and Ted Morton. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2006/12/03/alta-tories.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Premier of Alberta Ralph Klein dies in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, at the age of 70. ](/news/2013/03/29/former-premier-of-alberta-ralph-klein-dies-in-calgary-alberta-canada-at-the-age-of-70.md) _Context: Alberta, Premier of Alberta, Ralph Klein_
2. [Alison Redford of the Progressive Conservatives is sworn in as the first female Premier of the Canadian province of Alberta. ](/news/2011/10/7/alison-redford-of-the-progressive-conservatives-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-premier-of-the-canadian-province-of-alberta.md) _Context: Alberta, Premier of Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
3. [Alberta general election, 2015: Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls with the New Democratic Party, led by Rachel Notley, winning a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly for the first time ever. The Progressive Conservative Party, which had ruled for more than 40 years, not only loses its majority, but also finishes behind the Wildrose Party. ](/news/2015/05/5/alberta-general-election-2015-voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-with-the-new-democratic-party-led-by-rachel-notl.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
4. [Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls for a general election with the incumbent Progressive Conservatives being reelected. ](/news/2012/04/23/voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-incumbent-progressive-conservatives-being-reelect.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
5. [ Albertans go to the polls in a provincial general election, electing an eleventh straight Progressive Conservative government. ](/news/2008/03/3/albertans-go-to-the-polls-in-a-provincial-general-election-electing-an-eleventh-straight-progressive-conservative-government.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
6. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta_
7. [A plane crash near Kelowna, BC, kills Canadian politician and former Premier of Alberta Jim Prentice along with three others. ](/news/2016/10/13/a-plane-crash-near-kelowna-bc-kills-canadian-politician-and-former-premier-of-alberta-jim-prentice-along-with-three-others.md) _Context: Premier of Alberta_
8. [Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-away-as-south-africa-continue.md) _Context: Alberta_
9. [The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseasonably-hot-temperatures-and-dr.md) _Context: Alberta_
10. [Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says the wildfire has destroyed about 1,600 structures in Fort McMurray, which is in Canada's oil sands region. No major oil sands facilities are in the fire's path, though two Royal Dutch Shell mines are closing, and a Suncor Energy facility is reducing crude production. The fire is threatening the Alberta Highway 63 bridge across the Athabasca River, the sole route south. The Canadian Red Cross is encouraging people to donate funds rather than clothing. ](/news/2016/05/4/alberta-premier-rachel-notley-says-the-wildfire-has-destroyed-about-1-600-structures-in-fort-mcmurray-which-is-in-canada-s-oil-sands-region.md) _Context: Premier of Alberta_
