### [2006-12-2](/news/2006/12/2/index.md)

#  Leaked Pentagon memo by United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld says US policy in Iraq is "not working well enough or fast enough." 

Two days before he resigned as defense secretary, Donald H. Rumsfeld submitted a memo to the White House that acknowledged that the administration’s strategy in Iraq was not working.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/03/world/middleeast/03military.html?ei=5094&en=e9d758c9885fe7c1&hp=&ex=1165208400&partner=homepage&pagewanted=all)

### Related:

1. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
2. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
3. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld likens Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez to Adolf Hitler. In retaliation, Venezuelan Vice President Jose Vicente Rangel refers to the US as the Third Reich. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-likens-venezuela-s-president-hugo-cha-vez-to-adolf-hitler-in-retaliation-venezuela.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
4. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
5. [ Major areas of the Australian city of Adelaide have been "locked down" ahead of the arrival of United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for the 17th annual AUS-MIN meeting. ](/news/2005/11/16/major-areas-of-the-australian-city-of-adelaide-have-been-locked-down-ahead-of-the-arrival-of-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-ru.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
6. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
7. [ Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announces alleged al-Qaida and Taliban fighters, who are being held at Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Cuba, may apply annually for release.](/news/2004/02/13/defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-announces-alleged-al-qaida-and-taliban-fighters-who-are-being-held-at-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-cub.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
8. [ US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld wins the annual "Foot in Mouth Prize" awarded by the UK's Plain English Campaign for the most nonsensical remark made by a public figure. Among the runners-up are Arnold Schwarzenegger and Chris Patten. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3254852.stm]](/news/2003/12/2/us-defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-wins-the-annual-foot-in-mouth-prize-awarded-by-the-uk-s-plain-english-campaign-for-the-most-nonsensi.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
9. [ Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld unveils a troop replacement plan for Iraq. Overall number of American soldiers in the country will decrease next year, if security conditions permit. United States Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.) criticizes the Bush administration's plans to reduce troops in Iraq. The former Vietnam POW discusses why more ground troops are needed to meet policy goals. One US soldier is killed and 2 injured in another ambush. The US begins informing units that will be needed in Iraq in 2004. The Marines will be returning. The United States Department of Defense summarizes US casualties so far. The first Polish soldier is killed in Iraq. A CNN/USA Today Gallup poll suggests that support for President Bush's handling of Iraq is slipping; a majority of the people polled disapprove of what is being done.](/news/2003/11/6/defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-unveils-a-troop-replacement-plan-for-iraq-overall-number-of-american-soldiers-in-the-country-will-decrea.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
10. [ United States Army secretary Thomas E. White resigns amidst tensions with Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld over the direction future Army weapons development programs should take, and controversy surrounding White's previous employer, Enron. The Pentagon declines to provide specifics on the circumstances of his resignation.](/news/2003/04/25/united-states-army-secretary-thomas-e-white-resigns-amidst-tensions-with-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-over-the-direction-future-ar.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
