### [2017-01-16](/news/2017/01/16/index.md)

# Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. 

Vote will take place on 2 March, James Brokenshire says, after deadline for deal passes, triggering collapse of power-sharing executive


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/jan/16/northern-ireland-assembly-elections-announced)

### Related:

1. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017, Sinn Fein_
2. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017, Renewable Heat Incentive scandal_
3. [Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-demo.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Renewable Heat Incentive scandal, Sinn Fein_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, snap election_
5. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Mike Nesbitt announces he is standing down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) following the party's poor performance in yesterday's Northern Ireland Assembly election. ](/news/2017/03/3/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-mike-nesbitt-announces-he-is-standing-down-as-leader-of-the-ulster-unionist-party-uup-following.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017_
6. [Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fein, announces that he will resign his positions in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Parliament of the United Kingdom to stand for the Dail. ](/news/2010/11/14/gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fa-c-in-announces-that-he-will-resign-his-positions-in-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-the-parliament-of.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Sinn Fein_
7. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
8. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
9. [ Results from the Northern Ireland Assembly election show the DUP and Sinn Fein making gains, and ensuring that in order for direct rule to cease both parties must agree to cooperate in a powersharing Executive. ](/news/2007/03/9/results-from-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-show-the-dup-and-sinn-fa-c-in-making-gains-and-ensuring-that-in-order-for-direct-rule-to.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
10. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fein_
