### [2014-07-18](/news/2014/07/18/index.md)

# Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Many people are feared dead after suspected Boko Haram militants raided the town of Damboa with substantial parts of the town including the market burnt down. So far, 18 bodies have been recovered with the death toll expected to rise. 

Many people are feared dead after suspected Boko Haram Islamist gunmen attack the town of Damboa in north-eastern Nigeria.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-28374679)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency. According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/boko-haram-insurgency-according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-d.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Damboa_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carrie.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
3. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
4. [2015 West African offensive. Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Cameroon-s army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country-s defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-west-african-offensive-islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-cameroon-s-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-memb.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
5. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
6. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Nigeria postpones its general election for six weeks to allow its armed forces to take control of the Boko Haram-controlled parts of the country. ](/news/2015/02/7/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-nigeria-postpones-its-general-election-for-six-weeks-to-allow-its-armed-forces-to-take-control-of-the-boko-h.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
7. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. Boko Haram militants attack a bus in Waza, Cameroon, killing eleven people and injuring six. ](/news/2015/01/2/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-boko-haram-militants-attack-a-bus-in-waza-cameroon-killing-eleven-people-and-injuring-six.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
8. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-following-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-har.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Dual Boko Haram attacks in Maiduguri and Damaturu leave at least 77 dead, including 33 police, 6 soldiers, and 20 militants. ](/news/2014/12/1/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-dual-boko-haram-attacks-in-maiduguri-and-damaturu-leave-at-least-77-dead-including-33-police-6-soldiers.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
10. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:. Suspected Boko Haram militants storm the Christian-majority town of Shani, Nigeria, leaving dozens dead. ](/news/2014/11/29/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-suspected-boko-haram-militants-storm-the-christian-majority-town-of-shani-nigeria-leaving-dozens-dead.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria_
