### [2014-07-18](/news/2014/07/18/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:: About 100 soldiers, guards and employees are killed as insurgents belonging to the Islamic State (ISIS) seize control of the Shaer gas field in Palmyra, central Syria. The United Kingdom-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 115 people were killed in total. 

About 100 soldiers, guards and employees have been killed as jihadis seized a gas field in central Syria, activists say.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/100-die-as-syria-gas-field-seized-30442389.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/syrian-civil-war-isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): The Syrian Army takes full control of Palmyra after heavy fighting with ISIL forces, according to a Syrian military source. ](/news/2016/03/27/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-the-syrian-army-takes-full-control-of-palmyra-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil-forces-accor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that scores of Syrian Army troops have been killed in fighting with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant over the past few days with the fiercest battles near the city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/19/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-scores-of-syrian-army-troops-have-been-killed-in-fighting-with-the-isl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre: At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
