### [2014-07-18](/news/2014/07/18/index.md)

# Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan slams Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi as an "illegitimate tyrant", adding that Egypt could not be relied on when negotiating a ceasefire. 

Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday slammed Egypt&#x27;s President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi as an illegitimate tyrant, saying Cairo could not be relied upon to negotiate a truce with Israel. &quot;Is Sisi a party (to a ceasefire)? Sisi is a tyrant himself,&quot; Erdogan told reporters.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/turkey-pm-erdogan-slams-egypts-illegitimate-tyrant-sisi-130905463.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkeyas-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egyptas-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
2. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt, Turkey_
3. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
4. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
5. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
6. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
8. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
9. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt_
10. [Hansjorg Haber|de, the European Union's top envoy to Turkey, resigns effective August. Omer Celik, Turkish Minister of European Union Affairs, had complained that Haber had shown disrespect for Turkey's national values, and for President Tayyip Erdogan. EU officials declined to comment on the reason for Haber's resignation. ](/news/2016/06/14/hansjaprg-haber-de-the-european-union-s-top-envoy-to-turkey-resigns-effective-august-amer-aelik-turkish-minister-of-european-union-aff.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
