### [2012-08-29](/news/2012/08/29/index.md)

# Gazprom completes building the second leg of the Nord Stream natural gas pipeline connecting Russia, Germany and neighbouring countries. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/business/20120829/175503578.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Swedish government rejects the Nord Stream underwater natural gas pipeline from Russia to Germany. ](/news/2008/02/13/the-swedish-government-rejects-the-nord-stream-underwater-natural-gas-pipeline-from-russia-to-germany.md) _Context: Germany, Nord Stream, Russia_
2. [Thousands of people gather in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi to protest against their government's negotiations with Russian state-owned oil company Gazprom. ](/news/2016/03/6/thousands-of-people-gather-in-the-georgian-capital-of-tbilisi-to-protest-against-their-government-s-negotiations-with-russian-state-owned-oi.md) _Context: Gazprom, Russia_
3. [Cold War II. At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
4. [Russia-Ukraine gas disputes. Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-ukraine-gas-disputes-russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supp.md) _Context: Gazprom, Russia_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
6. [The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-russian-gas-company-gazprom-suspends-shipments-of-gas-to-ukraine-following-a-payment-dispute.md) _Context: Gazprom, Russia_
7. [The European Union opens an antitrust case against Russian gas giant Gazprom which supplies most of Central and eastern Europe with supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-european-union-opens-an-antitrust-case-against-russian-gas-giant-gazprom-which-supplies-most-of-central-and-eastern-europe-with-supplies.md) _Context: Gazprom, Russia_
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
9. [War in Donbass. The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/war-in-donbass-the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshen.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
10. [War in Donbass. Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/war-in-donbass-leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
