### [2012-08-29](/news/2012/08/29/index.md)

# Russia calls for a joint United Nations-Arab League inquiry on terrorist mass slaughters of civilians. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/articles/2012/08/29/234883.html)
2. [Ria Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20120829/175503267.html)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2012-08/29/c_123647372.htm)

### Related:

1. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
3. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
4. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
5. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
6. [The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-increased-airstrikes-by-russia-have-forced-humanitarian-assistance.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
8. [Russia vetoes a UN resolution that would have condemned the July 1995 Srebrenica massacre of more than 8,000 Bosniaks as a genocide. ](/news/2015/07/8/russia-vetoes-a-un-resolution-that-would-have-condemned-the-july-1995-srebrenica-massacre-of-more-than-8-000-bosniaks-as-a-genocide.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
9. [China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, and Algeria are elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council. ](/news/2013/11/13/china-russia-cuba-saudi-arabia-vietnam-and-algeria-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-human-rights-council.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
10. [South Sudan's ambassador to Moscow says the UN helicopter with Russian crew that was downed in South Sudan last week was probably mistaken for one of the Sudanese aircraft. ](/news/2012/12/28/south-sudanas-ambassador-to-moscow-says-the-un-helicopter-with-russian-crew-that-was-downed-in-south-sudan-last-week-was-probably-mistaken.md) _Context: Russia, United Nations_
