### [2012-08-29](/news/2012/08/29/index.md)

# UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5gysAvJSk3Zv7iSzGO_TyaMcwDgSg?docId=1c1f928ff0f54ffe93964875b4fb261d)
2. [The Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/08/un-chief-raises-human-rights-in-tehran-stuns-hosts.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/.a/6a00d8341c630a53ef01774467dce8970d-120pi)

### Related:

1. [UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges "maximum restraint" from the Syrian regime as the first UN military observers arrive in Damascus to monitor a fragile ceasefire. ](/news/2012/04/16/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-maximum-restraint-from-the-syrian-regime-as-the-first-un-military-observers-arrive-in-damascus-to-m.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
2. [Robert Cooper, special advisor to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), despite serious concerns over excessive and indiscriminate use of force expressed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon [http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=37817&Cr=bahrain&Cr1= (UN News Centre)], speaking to MEPs in the foreign affairs committee in Brussels [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official after visiting Bahrain (Saudi News Today)], defended Bahrain's protests crackdown: "It's not easy dealing with large demonstrations in which there may be violence. It's a difficult task for policemen. It's not something that we always get right in the best Western countries and [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/23/bahrain-protest-crackdown-eu-envoy accidents happen" (Guardian)]. Cooper's endorsement disturbed one MEP at the debate. "'Accidents happen?' ... I'm sorry this is a funny picture as you describe it," German Green deputy Franziska Brantner said. "What are you talking about? I find this very scary."](/news/2011/03/22/robert-cooper-special-advisor-to-baroness-catherine-ashton-high-representative-of-the-european-union-for-political-foreign-affairs-and-se.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
3. [The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the "primary forum" for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2011/01/25/the-united-states-describes-the-israeli-commission-of-inquiry-into-the-may-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-as-an-independent-report-credible-and-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
4. [An expert panel is appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to investigate whether war crimes were committed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2010/06/22/an-expert-panel-is-appointed-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-to-investigate-whether-war-crimes-were-committed-during-the-final-stages-of.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
5. [UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is 'encouraged' by recent developments in Guinean politics, and states the UN will continue working with the African Union (AU), the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and other partners. ](/news/2010/01/12/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-is-aencourageda-by-recent-developments-in-guinean-politics-and-states-the-un-will-continue-working-wit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
6. [ UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announces a commission to investigate the assassination of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2009/02/4/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-a-commission-to-investigate-the-assassination-of-former-pakistani-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
7. [ The United Nations Security Council gave the green light to a plan by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the deployment of an EU civilian police and justice mission in Kosovo.](/news/2008/11/26/the-united-nations-security-council-gave-the-green-light-to-a-plan-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-on-the-deployment-of-an-eu-civilian.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
8. [Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacing-south-korea-s-ban-ki-moon.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon_
9. [United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon and liberal candidate Moon Jae-in plan to contest the position vacated by Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2016/12/22/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-liberal-candidate-moon-jae-in-plan-to-contest-the-position-vacated-by-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon_
10. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-blacklist-for-viola.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon_
