### [2014-08-6](/news/2014/08/6/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia grants Lebanon US$1 billion to help the country in its conflict with self-declared jihadist fighters on the border with Syria. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/08/saudis-give-1bn-lebanon-amid-fighting-20148654551988154.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2014/8/6/20148655724649734_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria-turkey-s-minister.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Lebanon implements stricter immigration rules on its Syrian border in response to the refugee crisis caused by the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2015/01/5/lebanon-implements-stricter-immigration-rules-on-its-syrian-border-in-response-to-the-refugee-crisis-caused-by-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Several people are killed in clashes in the Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and opponents of the Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, in a violent spillover from the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2012/05/13/several-people-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-lebanese-city-of-tripoli-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-the-syrian-president-bashar-al-assa.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Saudi King Abdullah, and Qatari Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani visit Lebanon amid reports that the Special Tribunal for Lebanon will indict members of Hezbollah ](/news/2010/07/30/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-saudi-king-abdullah-and-qatari-emir-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-visit-lebanon-amid-reports-that-the.md) _Context: Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Syria_
10. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
