### [2014-08-6](/news/2014/08/6/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabia grants Lebanon US$1 billion to help the country in its conflict with self-declared jihadist fighters on the border with Syria. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/08/saudis-give-1bn-lebanon-amid-fighting-20148654551988154.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Saudi Arabia is sending troops and fighter jets to Turkey's Incirlik Air Base ahead of a planned ground invasion of Syria. Turkey's Minister of Foreign Affairs Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed the deployment in Adana near the Syria-Turkey border, but said the numbers had not been confirmed. ](/news/2016/02/13/syrian-civil-war-saudi-arabia-is-sending-troops-and-fighter-jets-to-turkey-s-incirlik-air-base-ahead-of-a-planned-ground-invasion-of-syria.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-civil-war-syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framewo.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Zabadani (2015). Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-zabadani-2015-fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Lebanon implements stricter immigration rules on its Syrian border in response to the refugee crisis caused by the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2015/01/5/lebanon-implements-stricter-immigration-rules-on-its-syrian-border-in-response-to-the-refugee-crisis-caused-by-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War:. At least four people are killed as Hezbollah clashes with Syrian rebels on the border between Lebanon and Syria. ](/news/2014/07/13/syrian-civil-war-at-least-four-people-are-killed-as-hezbollah-clashes-with-syrian-rebels-on-the-border-between-lebanon-and-syria.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War:. Syrian air strikes near the Lebanese border town of Arsal killed three people. ](/news/2014/02/28/syrian-civil-war-syrian-air-strikes-near-the-lebanese-border-town-of-arsal-killed-three-people.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War:. Two car bombs hit a rebel-held post on the Syrian border with Turkey, killing at least 16 people amidst continuing fighting between Turkey-supported rebels and Saudi-supported rebels. ](/news/2014/01/20/syrian-civil-war-two-car-bombs-hit-a-rebel-held-post-on-the-syrian-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-16-people-amidst-continuing-fighti.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
