### [2006-12-29](/news/2006/12/29/index.md)

#  AT&T, Inc. acquires BellSouth Corporation to create one of the largest telecommunications companies in the world. [http://www.att.com/gen/press-room?pid=4800&cdvn=news&newsarticleid=22860]




### Related:

1. [ The United States National Security Agency is reported to operate "the largest database ever assembled in the world", containing a record of all calls (domestic and international) placed through AT&T, Verizon and BellSouth. Qwest Communications refused to provide customer records, citing the need for a warrant. ](/news/2006/05/11/the-united-states-national-security-agency-is-reported-to-operate-the-largest-database-ever-assembled-in-the-world-containing-a-record-o.md) _Context: AT&T, BellSouth Corporation_
2. [AT&T reportedly agrees in principle to buy Time Warner for about $85 billion. ](/news/2016/10/21/at-t-reportedly-agrees-in-principle-to-buy-time-warner-for-about-85-billion.md) _Context: AT&T_
3. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.'s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo's core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-as-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: AT&T_
4. [S&P Dow Jones Indices announces it will add the company Apple Inc. to its Dow Jones Industrial Average index of stocks on March 19, replacing AT&T. ](/news/2015/03/6/s-p-dow-jones-indices-announces-it-will-add-the-company-apple-inc-to-its-dow-jones-industrial-average-index-of-stocks-on-march-19-replacin.md) _Context: AT&T_
5. [A United States court overturns the conviction of Andrew Auernheimer (known as weev), who was sentenced to 41-months in prison in 2010 for hacking the AT&T website, stealing millions of iPad user e-mails. ](/news/2014/04/14/a-united-states-court-overturns-the-conviction-of-andrew-auernheimer-known-as-weev-who-was-sentenced-to-41-months-in-prison-in-2010-for-h.md) _Context: AT&T_
6. [The United States Justice Department files an antitrust lawsuit to prevent AT&T from taking over T-Mobile USA. ](/news/2011/08/31/the-united-states-justice-department-files-an-antitrust-lawsuit-to-prevent-at-t-from-taking-over-t-mobile-usa.md) _Context: AT&T_
7. [U.S. Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, in a letter to the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission, demands that they block the effort of telephone giant AT&T to buy rival T-Mobile USA. ](/news/2011/07/26/u-s-senator-al-franken-of-minnesota-in-a-letter-to-the-justice-department-and-the-federal-communications-commission-demands-that-they-blo.md) _Context: AT&T_
8. [The so-called "LulzSec" hackers have reportedly disbanded after a final data dump including information from AOL Inc. and AT&T. ](/news/2011/06/26/the-so-called-lulzsec-hackers-have-reportedly-disbanded-after-a-final-data-dump-including-information-from-aol-inc-and-at-t.md) _Context: AT&T_
9. [AT&T and Deutsche Telekom reach an agreement for AT&T to purchase T-Mobile USA for $39 billion in cash and stock. ](/news/2011/03/20/at-t-and-deutsche-telekom-reach-an-agreement-for-at-t-to-purchase-t-mobile-usa-for-39-billion-in-cash-and-stock.md) _Context: AT&T_
10. [ The Bush administration takes initial steps to use the States Secrets Privilege to block a lawsuit against AT&T and the NSA brought by the Electronic Frontier Foundation. The EFF has alleged that the government has secret computer rooms conducting broad, illegal surveillance of U.S. citizens. ](/news/2006/04/28/the-bush-administration-takes-initial-steps-to-use-the-states-secrets-privilege-to-block-a-lawsuit-against-at-t-and-the-nsa-brought-by-the.md) _Context: AT&T_
