### [2006-12-29](/news/2006/12/29/index.md)

#  Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev will address the Supreme Council on 30 December 2006 in an effort to compromise on proposed amendments to the constitution. Several Parliamentarians warn that Kyrgyzstan is on the verge of civil war. 




### Source:

1. [RadioFreeEurope/RadioLiberty](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2006/12/a75c6fdf-15ad-460d-8952-16bef52e3bf1.html)

### Related:

1. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev nominates Felix Kulov for Prime Minister. If Kulov is confirmed by the Supreme Council, this will be the third time Bakiyev has appointed Kulov Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/01/16/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-nominates-felix-kulov-for-prime-minister-if-kulov-is-confirmed-by-the-supreme-council-this-will-be-the.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyz President, Supreme Council_
2. [ The Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan votes 50 to 1 in favor of amendments to the Constitution giving greater power to the executive branch after President Kurmanbek Bakiyev accuses Parliamentarians of "sabotaging" the political process. The President will now have the power to appoint and dismiss the Prime Minister and his cabinet and regional governors. The SNB, the domestic intelligence organization, will report to the President, not the legislature. ](/news/2006/12/30/the-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-votes-50-to-1-in-favor-of-amendments-to-the-constitution-giving-greater-power-to-the-executive-branch-aft.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Supreme Council, constitution_
3. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev formally signs the new Constitution of Kyrgyzstan. The Constitution drastically weakens the power of the executive branch in favor of the legislative. Bakiyev and Prime Minister Felix Kulov are expected to maintain their positions until 2010. ](/news/2006/11/9/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-formally-signs-the-new-constitution-of-kyrgyzstan-the-constitution-drastically-weakens-the-power-of-the.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyz President, constitution_
4. [ Almaz Atambayev, Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan, warns that if Prime Minister Felix Kulov's proposed amendments to the constitution are passed, giving greater power to the executive branch, Kyrgyzstan will descend into civil war. ](/news/2006/12/26/almaz-atambayev-chairman-of-the-social-democratic-party-of-kyrgyzstan-warns-that-if-prime-minister-felix-kulov-s-proposed-amendments-to-t.md) _Context: civil war, constitution_
5. [ The Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan does not pass amendments proposed by acting Prime Minister Felix Kulov to the Constitution, some of which would alter the make up of the Council by expanding the number of Parliamentarians and electing members by party-line-voting. The Supreme Council may vote again on the amendments over the next week. ](/news/2006/12/25/the-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-does-not-pass-amendments-proposed-by-acting-prime-minister-felix-kulov-to-the-constitution-some-of-which.md) _Context: Supreme Council, constitution_
6. [ Legislators in the Jogorku Kenesh approve a new constitution amid fears of another revolution in Kyrgyzstan. ](/news/2006/11/8/legislators-in-the-jogorku-kenesh-approve-a-new-constitution-amid-fears-of-another-revolution-in-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Supreme Council, constitution_
7. [ In a poll conducted by the U.S. Agency for Development, following President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's signing of the controversial, new Constitution of Kyrgyzstan, 62% of Kyrgyz citizens believe the country is moving in the right direction. ](/news/2006/11/24/in-a-poll-conducted-by-the-u-s-agency-for-development-following-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-s-signing-of-the-controversial-new-constitut.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, constitution_
8. [ New Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan installs Kurmanbek Bakiyev as the official interim President of Kyrgyzstan, ](/news/2005/03/29/new-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-installs-kurmanbek-bakiyev-as-the-official-interim-president-of-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Supreme Council_
9. [Kyrgyzstani constitutional referendum, 2016: Kyrgyzstani voters vote for a new constitution. ](/news/2016/12/11/kyrgyzstani-constitutional-referendum-2016-kyrgyzstani-voters-vote-for-a-new-constitution.md) _Context: constitution_
10. [2015 PKK rebellion: Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/2015-pkk-rebellion-fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-major.md) _Context: civil war_
