### [2015-02-21](/news/2015/02/21/index.md)

# Indonesia recalls its envoy to Brazil due to ongoing tension caused by Indonesia's recent execution of a Brazilian drug smuggler. 

Indonesia has recalled its new ambassador to Brazil after the South American country stopped him taking part in a credentials ceremony following the execution of a Brazilian national for drugs trafficking.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/21/us-indonesia-brazil-executions-idUSKBN0LP05720150221)

### Related:

1. [Indonesia executes six people for drug trafficking including foreign citizens from Brazil, Malawi, the Netherlands, Nigeria, and Vietnam. Brazil and the Netherlands withdraw their ambassadors in protest. ](/news/2015/01/18/indonesia-executes-six-people-for-drug-trafficking-including-foreign-citizens-from-brazil-malawi-the-netherlands-nigeria-and-vietnam-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Indonesia_
2. [ Share prices continue to fall in Asian markets as a consequence of the subprime mortgage crisis with South Korea, Indonesia and the Philippines hardest hit. [http://www.nytimes.com/2007/08/16/business/worldbusiness/16cnd-asiastox.html?ex=1344916800&en=dac5d9f1aa5e015b&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss (NYT)] The Bank of Japan injects 400 billion yen into its money market. [http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/08/16/business/AS-FIN-ECO-Japan-Central-Bank.php (AP via IHT)] The FTSE 100 falls below 6,000 points in trading in the morning session on the London Stock Exchange while other European markets fall as well. [http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/story.aspx?guid=%7B43AF92BD%2DFF7E%2D4930%2D9227%2D742118725674%7D&siteid=rss (Market Watch)] [http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/fn/5058642.html (AP via Houston Chronicle)] The Dow Jones Industrial Average sees a late recovery in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier losing 340 points. [http://www.marketwatch.com/News/Story/Story.aspx?guid={C6C65094-55FC-435D-A603-513F6EEE9203} (Market Watch)] The iBovespa falls by 3,500 points in the afternoon session on the SGBPo Paulo Stock Exchange. Brazil's stock market recorded its biggest one-day drop since the September 11, 2001 attacks. [http://www.reuters.com/article/marketsNews/idUKN1635924120070816?rpc=44 (Reuters)] BSE Sensex falls by 642.70 points on a single day trade due to global factors. The fall is the second biggest in recent times. ](/news/2007/08/16/share-prices-continue-to-fall-in-asian-markets-as-a-consequence-of-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis-with-south-korea-indonesia-and-the-philipp.md) _Context: Brazil, Indonesia_
3. [Brazilian prosecutor Rodrigo Janot files charges in the Supreme Court against officials in President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party accusing them of forming a criminal organization. Earlier the Court said, next week, it will consider Temer's request to block Janot from issuing further charges. ](/news/2017/09/8/brazilian-prosecutor-rodrigo-janot-files-charges-in-the-supreme-court-against-officials-in-president-michel-temeras-brazilian-democratic-m.md) _Context: Brazil_
4. [Brazil is to investigate the supposed murder of ten members of an Amazonian tribe in the Javari Valley. ](/news/2017/09/11/brazil-is-to-investigate-the-supposed-murder-of-ten-members-of-an-amazonian-tribe-in-the-javari-valley.md) _Context: Brazil_
5. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Brazil_
6. [The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at-least-ten-lives.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-buildings.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia_
