### [2015-02-21](/news/2015/02/21/index.md)

# The Turkish media reports that the Turkish Army has sent troops into Syria to evacuate troops and artefacts from the Tomb of Suleyman Shah in the Aleppo Governorate which has been under threat from Islamic State for several months. One soldier has reportedly been killed. 

Turkey evacuated its military personnel protecting the Tomb of Süleyman Şah in northern Syria by an operation jointly conducted by the intelligence organization and the Turkish army early Feb. 22, few days after reports suggested that the tomb was besieged by ISIL 


### Source:

1. [Hurriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/Default.aspx?pageID=238&nID=78662&NewsCatID=352)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/22/world/europe/turkish-military-enters-syria-to-evacuate-soldiers-guarding-tomb-reports-say.html?partner=socialflow&smid=tw-nytimes&_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
2. [Three Turkish Army soldiers are killed and 10 others wounded in an attack in Syria's al-Bab District; however, there are conflicting reports on who carried out the attack. The Turkish military says the soldiers were targeted in a airstrike by a Syrian warplane, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports an ISIL suicide bomber was responsible. ](/news/2016/11/24/three-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-an-attack-in-syria-s-al-bab-district-however-there-are-conflicting-reports.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish Army_
3. [A Turkish Army soldier is killed and two others injured in an ISIL bombing near the Syrian city of al-Bab. ](/news/2016/11/20/a-turkish-army-soldier-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-in-an-isil-bombing-near-the-syrian-city-of-al-bab.md) _Context: Syria, Turkish Army_
4. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syria_
5. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syria_
6. [Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide-a-way-for-rebel-fi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syria_
7. [Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria.  ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-three-simultaneous-at.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
8. [United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces begin an offensive to regain control of the city of Manbij in the Aleppo Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/1/united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-begin-an-offensive-to-regain-control-of-the-city-of-manbij-in-the-aleppo-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that Turkey has shelled areas held by the Kurdish YPG militia group in Syria's Aleppo Governorate for the second successive day with two YPG fighters reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-turkey-has-shelled-areas-held-by-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-group-in-syria-s-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syria_
