### [2005-12-14](/news/2005/12/14/index.md)

#  In Japan, former one-class authorized architect Hidetsugu Aneha, Takeshi Uchikawa, Akira Shinozuka and Moriyoshi Kimura receives a summons of witnesses by the Diet because of concerning falsification of earth-quake resistant structural data about condominiums and hotels. [http://www.japantimes.co.jp/cgi-bin/getarticle.pl5?nn20051215a1.htm (The Japan Times Online)] Subtitled "Tuba Adventure"




### Related:

1. [The Japanese Diet votes to extend its session until August 31 so that it can consider key legislation. ](/news/2011/06/22/the-japanese-diet-votes-to-extend-its-session-until-august-31-so-that-it-can-consider-key-legislation.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
2. [Japan's Opposition lodges a no-confidence motion in the Diet against Prime Minister Naoto Kan. ](/news/2011/06/1/japan-s-opposition-lodges-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-diet-against-prime-minister-naoto-kan.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
3. [ Shoichi Nakagawa will resign as Japan's Minister of Finance after the National Diet approves a budget in April. ](/news/2009/02/17/shaichi-nakagawa-will-resign-as-japan-s-minister-of-finance-after-the-national-diet-approves-a-budget-in-april.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
4. [ The National Diet of Japan approves a record budget of 88.55 trillion (US$980 billion) in response to the global economic downturn. ](/news/2008/12/24/the-national-diet-of-japan-approves-a-record-budget-of-y-88-55-trillion-us-980-billion-in-response-to-the-global-economic-downturn.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
5. [ Premier of the People's Republic of China Wen Jiabao urges Japan to admit to their actions in World War II during a landmark address to the Diet of Japan. ](/news/2007/04/12/premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-wen-jiabao-urges-japan-to-admit-to-their-actions-in-world-war-ii-during-a-landmark-address-to-the.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
6. [ Japanese company Huser's president Susumu Ojima receives a summons of a witness by the Diet because of suspicions etc. that he instructed one-class authorized architect Hidetsugu Aneha to reduce the quantity of reinforced concrete. ](/news/2006/01/17/japanese-company-huser-s-president-susumu-ojima-receives-a-summons-of-a-witness-by-the-diet-because-of-suspicions-etc-that-he-instructed-o.md) _Context: Diet, Hidetsugu Aneha_
7. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
8. [The National Diet of Japan passes legislation allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate. The abdication is to take place within three years. ](/news/2017/06/9/the-national-diet-of-japan-passes-legislation-allowing-emperor-akihito-to-abdicate-the-abdication-is-to-take-place-within-three-years.md) _Context: Japan_
9. [The USS ''Fitzgerald'', a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV ''ACX Crystal'' off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx-crystal-off-the-coast-of-japan-at-around-2.md) _Context: Japan_
10. [The Japanese Diet passes an anti-terrorism law that has been accused by critics as a threat to freedom. ](/news/2017/06/15/the-japanese-diet-passes-an-anti-terrorism-law-that-has-been-accused-by-critics-as-a-threat-to-freedom.md) _Context: Japan_
