### [2005-12-14](/news/2005/12/14/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: An Israeli Air-Strike in the Gaza Strip leaves four Palestinians dead. Israel claims that all four were militants and were about to launch a rocket attack into Israel. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4527916.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4528696.stm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/657969.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel launches a series of air strikes as reprisals after the Palestinians fired Qassam rockets, hitting what local officials called an Islamic Jihad charity in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/12/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-series-of-air-strikes-as-reprisals-after-the-palestinians-fired-qassam-rockets-hitting-wha.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, air strike_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),: Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: The Israeli army finds a second tunnel laden with explosives dug from the Gaza Strip into Israel and proceeds to destroy it. ](/news/2013/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-army-finds-a-second-tunnel-laden-with-explosives-dug-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-and-proceeds.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-ove.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
8. [Israel Defense Forces launch air strikes on the Gaza Strip after militants fire mortars and rockets at Israel resulting in 19 Palestineans being injured. ](/news/2011/03/21/israel-defense-forces-launch-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-after-militants-fire-mortars-and-rockets-at-israel-resulting-in-19-palestineans-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, air strike_
9. [Israeli troops kill two Palestinians as they attempted to cross a border fence from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/01/6/israeli-troops-kill-two-palestinians-as-they-attempted-to-cross-a-border-fence-from-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
10. [5 Palestinians are wounded during 4 separate Israeli air raids in the Gaza Strip in response to the fourth rocket attack on southern Israel from Gaza in the last two days. ](/news/2010/09/10/5-palestinians-are-wounded-during-4-separate-israeli-air-raids-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-the-fourth-rocket-attack-on-southern-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinians_
