### [2005-12-14](/news/2005/12/14/index.md)

#  The President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, describes the Holocaust as a myth. He also said that Europe should house the Jews of the world, rather than the Palestinians. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4527142.stm)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/iran/story/0,,1667355,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ International Quds Day:. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Holocaust, Holocaust denial, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
2. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Europe, Holocaust denial, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
3. [Representatives of the United States and European nations walk out of the General Assembly of the United Nations during an accusatory speech by the President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2011/09/22/representatives-of-the-united-states-and-european-nations-walk-out-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-during-an-accusatory-speech.md) _Context: Europe, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
4. [Corruption in Iran. Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad faces sentences on seven verdicts of misusing billions of dollars in government funds while in office, the Supreme Audit Court public prosecutor said. If confirmed, Ahmadinejad will be barred from public office for seven years. ](/news/2017/07/30/corruption-in-iran-former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-faces-sentences-on-seven-verdicts-of-misusing-billions-of-dollars-in-govern.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
5. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad registers to run in next month's election for a non-consecutive third term, according to state media. ](/news/2017/04/12/iranian-presidential-election-2017-former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-registers-to-run-in-next-month-s-election-for-a-non-consec.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
6. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declines to run for a third term in the upcoming election. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has previously advised Ahmadinejad to not seek the presidency next year. ](/news/2016/09/27/iranian-presidential-election-2017-former-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-declines-to-run-for-a-third-term-in-the-upcoming-election-ayatoll.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
7. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
8. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
9. [The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announces his desire of becoming the first Iranian astronaut after the successful launching and returning of a monkey sent by its national scientific space program. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-announces-his-desire-of-becoming-the-first-iranian-astronaut-after-the-successful-launching-and-re.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
10. [Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi, the only female minister ever appointed in the Islamic Republic of Iran, is sacked after a dispute with President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2012/12/27/marzieh-vahid-dastjerdi-the-only-female-minister-ever-appointed-in-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-is-sacked-after-a-dispute-with-president-o.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
