### [2005-12-14](/news/2005/12/14/index.md)

#  The European Parliament has adopted the directive on Telecommunications data retention. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4527840.stm)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine-European Union relations: Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament_
3. [Georgia-European Union relations: The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
4. [President of the European Parliament: Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/president-of-the-european-parliament-antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
5. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: European Parliament_
6. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exch.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [European migrant crisis: EU-Turkey relations: The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-are.md) _Context: European Parliament_
