### [2017-04-18](/news/2017/04/18/index.md)

# Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  

 Democrat Jon Ossoff is making a final push to try to win Tuesday&#039;s special election to represent a suburban Atlanta district, though he&#039;s tempering expectations in case he falls short of the majority of the vote he needs to avoid a runoff. &quot;I think I can win, but whether I do is up to turnout and the voters,&quot; he said in an interview....


### Source:

1. [Atlanta Journal Constitution](http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2017/04/17/jon-ossoff-on-georgia-special-election-were-prepared-for-any-outcome/)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/18/politics/georgia-house-6th-special-election-jon-ossoff/)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/democrats-vs-trump/democrat-jon-ossoff-falls-short-georgia-special-election-race-goes-n748111)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/georgia-house-special-election-district-6)

### Related:

1. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary-of-health-and-human-servi.md) _Context: Health and Human Services Secretary, Tom Price, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Georgia, United States House of Representatives_
4. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans, United States House of Representatives_
6. [ U.S. Republican Party candidate Dede Scozzafava, who withdrew her bid for New York's 23rd Congressional District in the House of Representatives Friday, endorses the Democratic challenger. ](/news/2009/11/1/u-s-republican-party-candidate-dede-scozzafava-who-withdrew-her-bid-for-new-york-s-23rd-congressional-district-in-the-house-of-representa.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans, United States House of Representatives_
7. [ United States Senate election in Georgia, 2008: Voters in the U.S. state of Georgia go to the polls for a runoff election between incumbent Senator Saxby Chambliss of the Republican Party and Jim Martin of the Democratic Party. Chambliss is reelected, ending the Democratic Party's hopes of having 60 Senators to avoid a filibuster. [http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSTRE4B11I120081202 (Reuters)], (''[http://www.nytimes.com/2008/12/03/us/politics/03georgia.html?_r=1&hp New York Times]'')](/news/2008/12/2/united-states-senate-election-in-georgia-2008-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-between-incumbent.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Georgia, Republicans_
8. [ Ohio Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett is expected to run in the state Democratic primary to contest the seat of Republican Senator Mike DeWine.  Hackett lost in a closely contested House race on August 2.](/news/2005/10/4/ohio-iraq-war-veteran-paul-hackett-is-expected-to-run-in-the-state-democratic-primary-to-contest-the-seat-of-republican-senator-mike-dewine.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ Election Day: In the 2002 midterm elections, Republicans receive a net gain of two seats of the closely divided U.S. Senate, retaking control of the body. The Republicans also retain control of the U.S. House of Representatives, with a net gain of eight House seats. Democrats make some gains in the state governors' races, with a net gain of three governorships.](/news/2002/11/5/election-day-in-the-2002-midterm-elections-republicans-receive-a-net-gain-of-two-seats-of-the-closely-divided-u-s-senate-retaking-contr.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans, United States House of Representatives_
10. [A gunman opens fire at a Congressional Baseball practice, injuring five people, including United States Congressman Steve Scalise (R-LA-01) who is in critical condition. Only Republicans were on the field at that time; Democrats had practiced earlier. The suspected gunman later died from injuries after exchanging gunfire with Capitol Police. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-congressional-baseball-practice-injuring-five-people-including-united-states-congressman-steve-scalise-r-la-01.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republicans_
