### [2017-04-18](/news/2017/04/18/index.md)

# The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities announces the discovery of   eight mummies, 10 colorful sarcophagi, and numerous figurines in  a 3,500-year-old tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Luxor. 

Eight mummies, colourful coffins and more than 1000 funerary statues have been found at a tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Egypt.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/18/middleeast/egypt-tombs-mummies/)
2. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/world/329065/eight-egyptian-mummies-unearthed-in-tomb)

### Related:

1. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities says infrared thermography indicates a hidden chamber in the tomb of King Tutankhamen, findings consistent with early theories his tomb included two concealed doorways and with the theory presented in archaeologist Nicholas Reeves' paper this summer. ](/news/2015/11/7/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-says-infrared-thermography-indicates-a-hidden-chamber-in-the-tomb-of-king-tutankhamen-findings-consist.md) _Context: Egypt, Ministry of Antiquities_
2. [A suicide bomber targets the Karnak temple site in the ancient Egyptian city of Luxor. Two militants were shot nearby, four Egyptians were wounded with no tourists hurt in the attack. ](/news/2015/06/10/a-suicide-bomber-targets-the-karnak-temple-site-in-the-ancient-egyptian-city-of-luxor-two-militants-were-shot-nearby-four-egyptians-were-w.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
3. [2013 Luxor hot air balloon crash: A hot air balloon crashes near the Egyptian town of Luxor killing 19 Asian and European tourists. ](/news/2013/02/26/2013-luxor-hot-air-balloon-crash-a-hot-air-balloon-crashes-near-the-egyptian-town-of-luxor-killing-19-asian-and-european-tourists.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
4. [The remains of a pyramid for an adviser to Pharaoh Ramses II is found in an archaelogical excavation in Luxor, Egypt. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-remains-of-a-pyramid-for-an-adviser-to-pharaoh-ramses-ii-is-found-in-an-archaelogical-excavation-in-luxor-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
5. [Egyptian authorities announce the discovery of a granite head from a statue of Tutankhamun's grandfather Amenhotep III, which was unearthed at a temple in Luxor. ](/news/2010/02/28/egyptian-authorities-announce-the-discovery-of-a-granite-head-from-a-statue-of-tutankhamun-s-grandfather-amenhotep-iii-which-was-unearthed.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
6. [ Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities announces the discovery of an intact pharaonic tomb in the Valley of the Kings&nbsp;&ndash;  the first to be discovered since King Tutankhamun's in 1922. ](/news/2006/02/9/egypt-s-supreme-council-of-antiquities-announces-the-discovery-of-an-intact-pharaonic-tomb-in-the-valley-of-the-kings-nbsp-ndash-the-fir.md) _Context: Egypt, Valley of the Kings_
7. [ KV63, tomb from the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt, dating back more than 3,300 years, has been uncovered in the famed Valley of the Kings, an ancient desert burial ground near the southern city of Luxor. ](/news/2006/02/10/kv63-tomb-from-the-eighteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-dating-back-more-than-3-300-years-has-been-uncovered-in-the-famed-valley-of-the-kings-an.md) _Context: Luxor, Valley of the Kings_
8. [ A tourist coach crash in Egypt on the highway between Hurghada and Luxor kills 14 and injures another 30 people. All casualties are from Hong Kong and were joining Jetour Holidays tours.](/news/2006/01/31/a-tourist-coach-crash-in-egypt-on-the-highway-between-hurghada-and-luxor-kills-14-and-injures-another-30-people-all-casualties-are-from-ho.md) _Context: Egypt, Luxor_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
