### [2017-04-18](/news/2017/04/18/index.md)

# United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. 

UK PM Theresa May announces plan to call snap general election on 8 June


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-39629603)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/18/world/europe/uk-theresa-may-general-election.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Prime Minister, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017, snap election_
3. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017: Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Labour, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
6. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: After much speculation British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announ.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
7. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
8. [West Lothian question: The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Britain, House of Commons of the United Kingdom, Labour_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Britain, Liberal Democrats, Prime Minister_
10. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Britain, Labour, Liberal Democrats_
