### [2000-03-9](/news/2000/03/9/index.md)

# A chartered Vologda Air Yakovlev Yak-40 stalls on takeoff and crashes at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, Russia, killing all nine people on board.




### Related:

1. [Despite earlier reports to the contrary, fugitive NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden remains stranded at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2013/07/24/despite-earlier-reports-to-the-contrary-fugitive-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-remains-stranded-at-sheremetyevo-international-airport-in.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia, Sheremetyevo International Airport_
2. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
3. [Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russia-after-t.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
4. [At least 11 people are killed and 69 are injured as a severe thunderstorm hits Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2017/05/29/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-69-are-injured-as-a-severe-thunderstorm-hits-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
5. [Severe clear-air turbulence on an Aeroflot flight from Sheremetyevo International Airport, Moscow to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, subjects 27 passengers to injuries including bone fractures. ](/news/2017/05/1/severe-clear-air-turbulence-on-an-aeroflot-flight-from-sheremetyevo-international-airport-moscow-to-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-subjects.md) _Context: Moscow, Sheremetyevo International Airport_
6. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
7. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
8. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
9. ["The New York Times" reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that-t.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
10. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Moscow, Russia_
