### [2013-12-18](/news/2013/12/18/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War:: High-ranking Sinaloa Cartel leader Gonzalo Inzunza Inzunza is killed in a shootout with the Mexican Navy in Puerto Peasco, Sonora. [http://www.debate.com.mx/eldebate/noticias/default.asp?IdArt=13860743&IdCat=17402&sl=2 "(El Debate)"]




### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Army kills Manuel Torres Felix, one of the leaders of the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/10/13/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-kills-manuel-torres-fa-c-lix-one-of-the-leaders-of-the-sinaloa-cartel.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
2. [Mexican Drug War:: Four suspected drug traffickers of the Sinaloa Cartel, including the cousin of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord, are captured in Spain. ](/news/2012/08/10/mexican-drug-war-four-suspected-drug-traffickers-of-the-sinaloa-cartel-including-the-cousin-of-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-mexico-s-most.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
3. [Mexican Drug War: The dismembered remains of 7 bodies are found in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. The bodies are discovered along with a written message accusing the authorities of cooperating with the Sinaloa Cartel, suggesting that the message may have been written by Los Zetas. ](/news/2012/06/5/mexican-drug-war-the-dismembered-remains-of-7-bodies-are-found-in-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa-the-bodies-are-discovered-along-with-a-writ.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
4. [Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/06/29/mexican-drug-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-city-hall-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-7-bystanders-this-is-the-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
5. [Mexican Drug War:: 15 mutilated bodies are found inside two abandoned SUVs in the state of Jalisco, a region that is under dispute between Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe the massacre is a response by Los Zetas for the 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres reportedly carried out by Joaquin Guzman Loera (a.k.a. "El Chapo"), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. ](/news/2012/05/9/mexican-drug-war-15-mutilated-bodies-are-found-inside-two-abandoned-suvs-in-the-state-of-jalisco-a-region-that-is-under-dispute-between-l.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
6. [Mexican Drug War: A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. ](/news/2017/07/5/mexican-drug-war-a-gunfight-between-la-linea-gang-members-and-a-rival-cartel-in-madera-municipality-chihuahua-leaves-at-least-14-people-d.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is extradited to the United States, where he will face charges for his role as leader of the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2017/01/19/mexican-drug-lord-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-is-extradited-to-the-united-states-where-he-will-face-charges-for-his-role-as-leader-of-the-s.md) _Context: Sinaloa Cartel_
9. [Mexican Drug War: A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Philippine Drug War: Rodrigo Duterte says that the Sinaloa cartel and the Chinese triad are active in the Philippine narcotic trade. ](/news/2016/08/4/philippine-drug-war-rodrigo-duterte-says-that-the-sinaloa-cartel-and-the-chinese-triad-are-active-in-the-philippine-narcotic-trade.md) _Context: Sinaloa Cartel_
