
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/12/1/british-home-secretary-jacqui-smith-issues-a-terrorism-warning-ahead-of-christmas.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/12/1/british-home-secretary-jacqui-smith-issues-a-terrorism-warning-ahead-of-christmas.json)  [XML](/news/2007/12/1/british-home-secretary-jacqui-smith-issues-a-terrorism-warning-ahead-of-christmas.xml)  

### [2007-12-1](/news/2007/12/1/index.md)

##### Great Britain
#  British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith issues a terrorism warning ahead of Christmas. 




### Related:

1. [ Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http:--www.telegraph.co.uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-5453348-Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html ("Daily Telegraph")] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-politics-8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http:--abcnews.go.com-International-wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http:--news.sky.com-skynews-Home-Politics-Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health-Article-200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http:--www.timesonline.co.uk-tol-news-politics-article6436610.ece ("Times")] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http:--www.guardian.co.uk-politics-2009-jun-05-yvette-cooper-profile ("Guardian")] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http:--www.telegraph.co.uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-5451354-Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html ("Daily Telegraph")] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http:--www.google.com-hostednews-ukpress-article-ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-uk_news-politics-8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/secretary-of-state-for-transport-geoff-hoon-announces-his-resignation-http-www-telegraph-co-uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-54.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jacqui Smith_
2. [ United Kingdom Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces her resignation. ](/news/2009/06/2/united-kingdom-home-secretary-jacqui-smith-announces-her-resignation.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jacqui Smith_
3. [ A car on fire crashes into the main terminal building of Glasgow Airport. Two people are arrested at the scene by police, with one man reportedly on fire as he is being arrested. The airport closes, with all plane flights cancelled and the airport evacuated. COBRA conducts an emergency meeting, and Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes a statement afterward in which he thanks emergency services after today's attack and the London car bombs plot yesterday. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces that the national security threat level is elevated from "severe" to "critical"&mdash;the highest possible, meaning "further attacks are imminent"&mdash;and everyone should be on "high alert." ](/news/2007/06/30/a-car-on-fire-crashes-into-the-main-terminal-building-of-glasgow-airport-two-people-are-arrested-at-the-scene-by-police-with-one-man-repo.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jacqui Smith_
4. [Researchers at London's Natural History Museum state that the DNA extracted from "Cheddar Man" reveals that early inhabitants of Great Britain had blue eyes and dark skin. The name "Cheddar Man" was given to a fossil of a human man that lived thousands of years ago, which was discovered in 1903. ](/news/2018/02/7/researchers-at-london-s-natural-history-museum-state-that-the-dna-extracted-from-cheddar-man-reveals-that-early-inhabitants-of-great-brita.md) _Context: Great Britain_
5. [Presenting a new national defense strategy, the United States Secretary of Defense, Jim Mattis, says terrorism is no longer the focus of the national security of the United States. Now it is competition between great powers. ](/news/2018/01/19/presenting-a-new-national-defense-strategy-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-jim-mattis-says-terrorism-is-no-longer-the-focus-of-the.md) _Context: terrorism_
