### [2015-12-28](/news/2015/12/28/index.md)

# A Chinese official who sanctioned a dump of construction debris that led to a deadly landslide in the southern city of Shenzhen that killed at least 7 people and has left over 70 missing, kills himself by jumping from a building in the city's Nanshan district, according to the ''South China Morning Post''. 




### Source:

1. [TIME](http://time.com/4162842/china-shenzhen-landslide-official-suicide/)

### Related:

1. [Thirty-three buildings collapse after a landslide hit an industrial park in Shenzhen, China, leaving at least 91 people missing. ](/news/2015/12/20/thirty-three-buildings-collapse-after-a-landslide-hit-an-industrial-park-in-shenzhen-china-leaving-at-least-91-people-missing.md) _Context: 2015 Shenzhen landslide, China, Shenzhen_
2. [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the ''South China Morning Post'', in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-r.md) _Context: China, South China Morning Post_
3. [ In Shenzhen, China, what is believed to be the largest urban demolition blast in China uses 1,500 lb (680&nbsp;kg) of explosives to simultaneously topple 16 tower blocks. Because of misplaced charges, one tower does not topple, but is reduced from 14 stories to 12, and will have to be demolished manually. ](/news/2005/05/22/in-shenzhen-china-what-is-believed-to-be-the-largest-urban-demolition-blast-in-china-uses-1-500-lb-680-nbsp-kg-of-explosives-to-simulta.md) _Context: China, Shenzhen_
4. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
6. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China_
8. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-t.md) _Context: China_
9. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: China_
10. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: China_
