### [2015-12-28](/news/2015/12/28/index.md)

# Germany recruits 8,500 teachers to provide special German language lessons for 196,000 Syrian child refugees. 

Germany has recruited 8,500 teachers to teach German to thousands of child refugees escaping from war-torn countries in the Middle East. Around 196,000 child refugees will enter the German school system this year, and 8,264 &quot;special classes&quot; have been created to help them catch up, German daily newspaper Die Welt reported.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/28/europe/germany-refugees-8500-new-teachers/index.html)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-recruits-8500-teachers-to-teach-german-to-child-refugees-a6788681.html)

### Related:

1. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
2. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
3. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
4. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, refugees from Syria_
5. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
6. [In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border-with-germany-while-swede.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
7. [Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-entering-the-central-europ.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
8. [On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone." She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will vote on. ](/news/2015/12/13/on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-says-we-want-to-no.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
9. [Turkey agrees with leaders of the European Union to help stem the flow of migrants to Europe in return for cash and visas, and renewal of talks on joining the EU. A key element is 3 billion euros ($3.2 billion) in EU aid for the 2.2 million Syrians now in Turkey. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkey-agrees-with-leaders-of-the-european-union-to-help-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-to-europe-in-return-for-cash-and-visas-and-renewal-of-ta.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, refugees from Syria_
10. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel asserts she still isn't prepared to name an upper limit to the number of refugees who can come to Germany, despite mounting domestic political pressure. ](/news/2015/11/13/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-asserts-she-still-isn-t-prepared-to-name-an-upper-limit-to-the-number-of-refugees-who-can-come-to-germany-d.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
