### [2015-12-28](/news/2015/12/28/index.md)

# Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). 

The foreign ministers of South Korea and Japan said Monday they had reached a deal meant to resolve a decades-long impasse over Korean women forced into Japanese military-run brothels during World War II.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/japan-southkorea-comfortwomen-idINKBN0UB0DU20151228)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/12/28/south-korea-japan-comfort-women/77962792/)
2. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-towa.md) _Context: Comfort women, Japan-South Korea relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, South Korea, World War II, sex slaves_
2. [Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe vows to defend the Senkaku Islands "at all costs" in a speech aimed at the Japan Self-Defense Forces. ](/news/2013/02/2/prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-vows-to-defend-the-senkaku-islands-at-all-costs-in-a-speech-aimed-at-the-japan-self-defense-forces.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, military_
3. [ Japan announces closure of World War II sex slave fund by March 2007. The Asian Women's Fund, set up in 1995, paid 2M yen ($19,470) each in compensation, plus medical and welfare support, to 285 so-called "comfort women" in the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan. ](/news/2005/05/28/japan-announces-closure-of-world-war-ii-sex-slave-fund-by-march-2007-the-asian-women-s-fund-set-up-in-1995-paid-2m-yen-19-470-each-in.md) _Context: Comfort women, Japan, South Korea, World War II_
4. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [A South Korean man is seriously injured after self-immolation during a protest against Japan's use of South Korean women as sex slaves during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-south-korean-man-is-seriously-injured-after-self-immolation-during-a-protest-against-japan-s-use-of-south-korean-women-as-sex-slaves-durin.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea, World War II_
7. [Japan's lower house of parliament passes a pair of bills changing the country's security laws, allowing Japanese soldiers to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War II under certain conditions, over strong protests from opposition lawmakers, who walked out of the vote.](/news/2015/07/16/japan-s-lower-house-of-parliament-passes-a-pair-of-bills-changing-the-country-s-security-laws-allowing-japanese-soldiers-to-fight-overseas.md) _Context: Japan, World War II, military_
8. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea, World War II_
9. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II_
10. [Haruhiko Kuroda is selected by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to lead the Bank of Japan. ](/news/2013/02/28/haruhiko-kuroda-is-selected-by-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-to-lead-the-bank-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
