### [2015-12-28](/news/2015/12/28/index.md)

# Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action: Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. 

The US says Iran has taken a significant step towards meeting its nuclear commitments, by sending a large quantity of uranium abroad.


### Source:

1. [ (Mehr](http://en.mehrnews.com/news/113217/Iran-swaps-enriched-uranium-for-Russia-s-yellowcake)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/IRAN_NUCLEAR?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-12-28-16-15-22)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35191146)

### Related:

1. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Russia_
2. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action: Iran nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi says nine tons of Iran's enriched uranium will be exported to Russia in the next few days, as the country moves to implement the nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions. ](/news/2015/12/19/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-iran-nuclear-chief-ali-akbar-salehi-says-nine-tons-of-iran-s-enriched-uranium-will-be-exported-to-russia.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Russia, enriched uranium_
3. [Nuclear program of Iran: The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
4. [China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and United States urge Iran to co-operate with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2012/05/3/china-france-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-urge-iran-to-co-operate-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Russia_
5. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
6. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
8. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
9. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
10. [Iran-United States relations: Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/iran-united-states-relations-ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
