### [2012-04-5](/news/2012/04/5/index.md)

# Rival militias cease fighting in the town of Zuwara in western Libya after the National Transitional Council claims a ceasefire. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/rival-militias-halt-fighting-in-western-libya/)

### Related:

1. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
2. [Libya's National Transitional Council criticizes Niger's offer of asylum to ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saadi Gaddafi, for whom Interpol has issued an arrest warrant, saying Niger's position is "hostile" and a "challenge" to Libya. ](/news/2011/11/14/libya-s-national-transitional-council-criticizes-niger-s-offer-of-asylum-to-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saadi-gaddafi-for.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
3. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
4. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:: The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defen.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
5. [National Transitional Council chairman Mahmoud Jibril announces that Libyan elections will occur "within months". ](/news/2011/10/22/national-transitional-council-chairman-mahmoud-jibril-announces-that-libyan-elections-will-occur-within-months.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war:: Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]: The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]: Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
7. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
8. [The EU imposes further sanctions on Belarus, Iran, and Syria, expresses support for Libya's National Transitional Council, and reiterates call for Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to step down. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-eu-imposes-further-sanctions-on-belarus-iran-and-syria-expresses-support-for-libya-s-national-transitional-council-and-reiterates-ca.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
9. [The African Union officially recognises the National Transitional Council as Libya's legitimate leadership. ](/news/2011/09/20/the-african-union-officially-recognises-the-national-transitional-council-as-libya-s-legitimate-leadership.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
10. [The Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, arrives in Libya for a meeting with the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdogan-arrives-in-libya-for-a-meeting-with-the-national-transitional-council.md) _Context: Libya, National Transitional Council_
