### [2015-04-9](/news/2015/04/9/index.md)

# The regional branch of the Communist Party of China in Tibet demands that Buddhist monasteries display the Chinese flag in an effort to shore up Chinese rule. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/1f00e5f201e64280b0d05117502af153/tibet-chief-demands-monasteries-display-chinese-flags)

### Related:

1. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Buddhists_
2. [Scientists at the Chinese Academy of Sciences successfully teleport a photon from a ground station in Tibet to a satellite orbiting Earth at distance of 500km away. It is the first time an object has been teleported from the planet into space. ](/news/2017/07/11/scientists-at-the-chinese-academy-of-sciences-successfully-teleport-a-photon-from-a-ground-station-in-tibet-to-a-satellite-orbiting-earth-at.md) _Context: Tibet_
3. [Reports emerge of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation's discovery of classified Australian documents, related to Chinese intelligence activity abroad, in the Canberra home of a woman allegedly acting on behalf of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2017/06/5/reports-emerge-of-the-australian-security-intelligence-organisation-s-discovery-of-classified-australian-documents-related-to-chinese-intel.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Buddhists_
5. [Zhejiang governor Li Qiang is transferred to neighbouring Jiangsu province to serve as party chief. He is succeeded as Zhejiang governor by Xinjiang deputy party chief Che Jun. ](/news/2016/07/4/zhejiang-governor-li-qiang-is-transferred-to-neighbouring-jiangsu-province-to-serve-as-party-chief-he-is-succeeded-as-zhejiang-governor-by.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
6. [China begins demolishing buildings and evicting residents at Larung Gar in Tibet, one of the largest religious institutes in the world. Officials put forward overpopulation and security as the leading reasons for the planned action. ](/news/2016/07/22/china-begins-demolishing-buildings-and-evicting-residents-at-larung-gar-in-tibet-one-of-the-largest-religious-institutes-in-the-world-offi.md) _Context: Tibet_
7. [Yanghee Lee, the United Nations special human rights envoy to overwhelmingly Buddhist Myanmar, says more than 100,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority remain in squalid camps they were forced to four years ago by violence. The government does not recognize most of these people as citizens, and has treated even long-term residents as illegal immigrants. Lee is encouraged by last March's peaceful transition to a democratically elected and civilian-led government. ](/news/2016/07/1/yanghee-lee-the-united-nations-special-human-rights-envoy-to-overwhelmingly-buddhist-myanmar-says-more-than-100-000-of-the-muslim-rohingya.md) _Context: Buddhists_
8. [Luo Huining leaves his position as party chief of Qinghai and becomes party chief of Shanxi province, replacing Wang Rulin. ](/news/2016/06/30/luo-huining-leaves-his-position-as-party-chief-of-qinghai-and-becomes-party-chief-of-shanxi-province-replacing-wang-rulin.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
9. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
10. [China announces plans to build a railway linking the Tibetan capital Lhasa with Chengdu. ](/news/2016/03/5/china-announces-plans-to-build-a-railway-linking-the-tibetan-capital-lhasa-with-chengdu.md) _Context: Tibet_
