### [2009-11-22](/news/2009/11/22/index.md)

#  Three Royal National Lifeboat Institution crew members are located "in good condition" after their boat capsizes off County Wexford in Ireland. 

The three crew members of the Wexford inshore lifeboat that capsized this morning have been found and are understood to be in good condition.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/1122/rnli.html)

### Related:

1. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Ireland_
2. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: Ireland_
3. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland_
4. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
10. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: Ireland_
