### [2015-04-15](/news/2015/04/15/index.md)

# Benjamin Netanyahu demands that any final agreement on the Iranian nuclear program include a "clear and unambiguous Iranian recognition of Israel's right to exist." 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/03/middleeast/iran-nuclear-netanyahu/)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/1.650803)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu disagrees with the Iranian nuclear program agreement that the P5+1 Nations offered to Iran, saying it threatens Israel. ](/news/2015/04/3/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-disagrees-with-the-iranian-nuclear-program-agreement-that-the-p5-1-nations-offered-to-iran-saying.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, agreement on the Iranian nuclear program_
2. [Israel-Jordan relations: 2017 Amman incident: Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-jordan-relations-2017-amman-incident-israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
3. [Politics of Israel: The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/politics-of-israel-the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
4. [Germany-Israel relations: Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
5. [January 2017 Jerusalem vehicular attack: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/9/january-2017-jerusalem-vehicular-attack-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-blames-the-islamic-state-for-the-attack-that-killed-four.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls the latest peace-conference "useless". ](/news/2017/01/17/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-calls-the-latest-peace-conference-useless.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
7. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
8. [Israel-Turkey relations: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israel-turkey-relations-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and former Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense-min.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-contin.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
