### [2015-04-15](/news/2015/04/15/index.md)

# Former American football player Aaron Hernandez is convicted of murder in the first degree in the town of Fall River, Massachusetts. Hernandez shot a former friend Odin Lloyd in 2013. He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/15/us/aaron-hernandez-verdict/)

### Related:

1. [Former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez, acquitted last week of a 2012 double murder but serving a life sentence for a 2013 murder, is found hanged in his prison cell, and is pronounced dead an hour later. ](/news/2017/04/19/former-new-england-patriots-player-aaron-hernandez-acquitted-last-week-of-a-2012-double-murder-but-serving-a-life-sentence-for-a-2013-murde.md) _Context: 2013 murder, Aaron Hernandez_
2. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is formally charged with murder in the US state of Massachusetts more than a week after the body of former semi-professional American football player Odin Lloyd is found near his home. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-formally-charged-with-murder-in-the-us-state-of-massachusetts-more-than-a-week-afte.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez, American football_
3. [O. J. Simpson robbery case. O. J. Simpson is granted parole by the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners after spending nearly nine years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/20/o-j-simpson-robbery-case-o-j-simpson-is-granted-parole-by-the-nevada-board-of-parole-commissioners-after-spending-nearly-nine-years-in.md) _Context: parole_
4. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season "Thursday Night Football Games", ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football_
5. [The Maryland House of Delegates and Senate override Governor Larry Hogan's veto of a bill extending felons' voting rights to those who have not completed the terms of their probation or parole. The law goes into effect March 10, 2016. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-maryland-house-of-delegates-and-senate-override-governor-larry-hogan-s-veto-of-a-bill-extending-felons-voting-rights-to-those-who-have.md) _Context: parole_
6. [The United States releases on parole convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst, who served 30 years in federal prison. His parole, approved on July 28, 2015, is for five years during which time he has to remain in the United States. A supporter said Pollard will have a curfew and will wear a GPS unit. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-united-states-releases-on-parole-convicted-israeli-spy-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-who-served-30-years-in-fede.md) _Context: parole_
7. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: parole_
8. [Eddie Ray Routh is found guilty of the 2013 murder of United States Navy SEALs' sniper Chris Kyle and Kyle's friend Chad Littlefield in Texas. Routh is automatically sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. ](/news/2015/02/24/eddie-ray-routh-is-found-guilty-of-the-2013-murder-of-united-states-navy-seals-sniper-chris-kyle-and-kyle-s-friend-chad-littlefield-in-texa.md) _Context: parole_
9. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged with two counts of murder in relation to a drive-by shooting in Boston's South End district in July 2012. ](/news/2014/05/15/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-charged-with-two-counts-of-murder-in-relation-to-a-drive-by-shooting-in-boston-s-so.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
10. [According to a search warrant unsealed by a court in Bristol, Connecticut, former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, awaiting trial for a 2013 murder, is under investigation by Boston police as a suspect in a 2012 double homicide. ](/news/2014/01/16/according-to-a-search-warrant-unsealed-by-a-court-in-bristol-connecticut-former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-awaiting-t.md) _Context: Aaron Hernandez_
