### [2015-04-15](/news/2015/04/15/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Fierce clashes in Iraq's Anbar province as Islamic State captures three villages near the provincial capital Ramadi. 




### Source:

1. [The Eagle](http://www.theeagle.com/news/world/fierce-clashes-in-iraq-as-is-seizes-villages-near-ramadi/article_6a29e420-d1db-5c05-8a31-29cd409bf45a.html)

### Related:

1. [Military intervention against ISIL: An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/military-intervention-against-isil-an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-seco.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Hit offensive (2016): Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraqi officials, following arrested IS militants' directions, uncover two mass graves with bodies of about 40 people in Ramadi. ](/news/2016/04/19/iraqi-civil-war-iraqi-officials-following-arrested-is-militants-directions-uncover-two-mass-graves-with-bodies-of-about-40-people-in-ram.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Anbar province, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials. ](/news/2015/10/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-ab.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Close to 55,000 people have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi since it was captured by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/05/25/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-close-to-55-000-people-have-fled-the-iraqi-city-of-ramadi-since-it-was-captured-by-islamic-state.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
8. [The Islamic State reportedly seizes control of the Iraqi city of Ramadi after the retreat of government forces. ](/news/2015/05/17/the-islamic-state-reportedly-seizes-control-of-the-iraqi-city-of-ramadi-after-the-retreat-of-government-forces.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Ramadi_
9. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Sohaib al Rawi, Governor of Al Anbar Governorate in Iraq, claims that ISIL has killed 52 people, mostly police officers on the border with Syria in the past week. ](/news/2015/04/9/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-sohaib-al-rawi-governor-of-al-anbar-governorate-in-iraq-claims-that-isil-has-killed-52-people-mostl.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
