### [2015-04-15](/news/2015/04/15/index.md)

# Two former Colombian ministers Sabas Pretelt and Diego Palacio are sentenced to six years in prison for corruption in bribing lawmakers to support the 2006 re-election bid of former President Alvaro Uribe. 

BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — Colombia&#8217;s Supreme Court convicted two close aides of former President Alvaro Uribe on Wednesday of bribing lawmakers to support the conservative leader&#8217;s 2006 re-election. Former Interior Minister Sabas Pretelt and Social&hellip;


### Source:

1. [AP via WTOP](http://wtop.com/latin-america/2015/04/ex-colombia-ministers-convicted-of-bribes-on-behalf-of-uribe/)

### Related:

1. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
2. [Spain requests an explanation from Venezuela concerning allegations that it helped terrorist groups Euskadi Ta Askatasuna and FARC plot to kill Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and other Colombian personalities in Spanish soil. ](/news/2010/03/1/spain-requests-an-explanation-from-venezuela-concerning-allegations-that-it-helped-terrorist-groups-euskadi-ta-askatasuna-and-farc-plot-to-k.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
3. [Constitutional judges in Colombia reject a referendum to allow President lvaro Uribe to stand for a third term in office. ](/news/2010/02/27/constitutional-judges-in-colombia-reject-a-referendum-to-allow-president-alvaro-uribe-to-stand-for-a-third-term-in-office.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
4. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! ... you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
5. [ Colombian President lvaro Uribe eases the terms for the release of 24 police and soldiers being held by Marxist FARC rebels. ](/news/2009/09/20/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-eases-the-terms-for-the-release-of-24-police-and-soldiers-being-held-by-marxist-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
6. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
7. [ Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-diego-murillo-bejarano-to-the-uni.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
8. [ The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) attack a rural police command in Colombia, killing at least 16 officers as part of a two-week offensive. President lvaro Uribe had earlier withdrawn from negotiations. ](/news/2006/11/1/the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-attack-a-rural-police-command-in-colombia-killing-at-least-16-officers-as-part-of-a-two.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
9. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President_
10. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President_
