### [2014-12-6](/news/2014/12/6/index.md)

# Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. 




### Source:

1. [Boston.com](http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2014/12/04/protest-against-cops-killing-unarmed-black-men-underway-boston/0xxwtOjcbB0PAfx5Scdh9M/story.html)
2. [The New York Times](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/12/05/nyregion/protests-continue-after-grand-jury-decision-in-eric-garner-case.html?referrer=)

### Related:

1. [ The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including  Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. ](/news/2008/07/20/the-colombian-diaspora-celebrates-colombia-s-independence-day-with-concerts-and-marches-against-violence-kidnapping-and-the-farc-in-bogota.md) _Context: Miami, New York City, Washington, D.C._
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Chicago, Washington, D.C._
3. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
4. [American Airlines halts flights for 90 minutes at its major hubs in Chicago, Dallas, and Miami because of a computer glitch. The incident produces a cascading effect of delays throughout all US airlines. ](/news/2015/09/17/american-airlines-halts-flights-for-90-minutes-at-its-major-hubs-in-chicago-dallas-and-miami-because-of-a-computer-glitch-the-incident-pr.md) _Context: Chicago, Miami_
5. [Death of Eric Garner:Protests erupt in New York City after a grand jury decides not to indict any police officers in the death of Garner. ](/news/2014/12/4/death-of-eric-garner-pprotests-erupt-in-new-york-city-after-a-grand-jury-decides-not-to-indict-any-police-officers-in-the-death-of-garner.md) _Context: Eric Garner, New York City_
6. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
7. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: Chicago, Washington, D.C._
8. [ United Airlines Flight 923  makes an emergency landing in Boston. The original course was London to Washington D.C. Fighter jets escorted the plane to the airport. ](/news/2006/08/16/united-airlines-flight-923-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-boston-the-original-course-was-london-to-washington-d-c-fighter-jets-escorted-t.md) _Context: Boston, Washington, D.C._
9. [ The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous.](/news/2006/06/1/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-reveals-that-it-plans-to-reallocate-anti-terrorism-funding-to-cities-across-the-nation-f.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
10. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao has postponed his scheduled visit to Washington in the coming week.  He plans to meet with President Bush later in the month while attending the United Nations General Assembly in New York City. ](/news/2005/09/3/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-has-postponed-his-scheduled-visit-to-washington-in-the-coming-week-he-plans-to-meet-with-p.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
