### [2017-02-13](/news/2017/02/13/index.md)

#  The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing ''F/V Destination'', a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. 

A team of U.S. Coast Guard crews and volunteers are looking for a missing fishing vessel that sent a locator signal out Saturday morning.


### Source:

1. [KTUU-TV](http://www.ktuu.com/content/news/Coast-Guard-searching-for-fishing-vessel-near-St-George-413505893.html)

### Related:

1. [Bertha, once the world's largest tunnel boring machine, completes its {{convert|9,270|ft|m|adj=mid|-long}} tunnel under Seattle, Washington, after four years of digging and a lengthy delay near the beginning of the project. ](/news/2017/04/4/bertha-once-the-world-s-largest-tunnel-boring-machine-completes-its-convert-9-270-ft-m-adj-mid-long-tunnel-under-seattle-washington.md) _Context: Seattle_
2. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it  will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce.md) _Context: Seattle_
3. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people  from the sinking 220-foot ''Alaska Juris'' fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Seattle_
5. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Seattle_
6. [Two people are killed and three others are hospitalized, two with life-threatening injuries, following a shooting in the "The Jungle" homeless encampment in the U.S. city of Seattle. Police are searching for two suspects. ](/news/2016/01/26/two-people-are-killed-and-three-others-are-hospitalized-two-with-life-threatening-injuries-following-a-shooting-in-the-the-jungle-homele.md) _Context: Seattle_
7. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
8. [Venezuela says a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on November 6. ](/news/2015/11/8/venezuela-says-a-u-s-coast-guard-intelligence-plane-violated-its-airspace-on-november-6.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
9. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Seattle_
10. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
