### [2017-02-13](/news/2017/02/13/index.md)

#  The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing "F/V Destination", a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. 

A team of U.S. Coast Guard crews and volunteers are looking for a missing fishing vessel that sent a locator signal out Saturday morning.


### Source:

1. [KTUU-TV](http://www.ktuu.com/content/news/Coast-Guard-searching-for-fishing-vessel-near-St-George-413505893.html)

### Related:

1. [A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coast-of-hawaii-with-five-people-on-board-a-unite.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
2. [Bertha, once the world's largest tunnel boring machine, completes its 9,270 ft tunnel under Seattle, Washington, after four years of digging and a lengthy delay near the beginning of the project. ](/news/2017/04/4/bertha-once-the-world-s-largest-tunnel-boring-machine-completes-its-9-270-ft-tunnel-under-seattle-washington-after-four-years-of-digging.md) _Context: Seattle_
3. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce-b.md) _Context: Seattle_
4. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people from the sinking 220-foot "Alaska Juris" fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat-in.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
5. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Seattle_
6. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Seattle_
7. [Two people are killed and three others are hospitalized, two with life-threatening injuries, following a shooting in the "The Jungle" homeless encampment in the U.S. city of Seattle. Police are searching for two suspects. ](/news/2016/01/26/two-people-are-killed-and-three-others-are-hospitalized-two-with-life-threatening-injuries-following-a-shooting-in-the-the-jungle-homele.md) _Context: Seattle_
8. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
9. [Venezuela says a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on November 6. ](/news/2015/11/8/venezuela-says-a-u-s-coast-guard-intelligence-plane-violated-its-airspace-on-november-6.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
10. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development reports more than 500,000 people. a quarter of them children, were homeless this year amid scarce affordable housing across much of the nation. Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Hawaii all recently declared emergencies over the rise of homelessness. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-department-of-housing-and-urban-development-reports-more-than-500-000-people-a-quarter-of-them-ch.md) _Context: Seattle_
