### [2010-10-27](/news/2010/10/27/index.md)

# American bank Wells Fargo admits it made mistakes in 55,000 real estate foreclosure cases. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Today Online](http://www.todayonline.com/BreakingNews/EDC101028-0000139/US--Wells-Fargo-admits-mistakes-in-55K-foreclosures,-promises-to-fix,-wont-halt-seizing-homes)

### Related:

1. [Key housing bills pass in California, the U.S. state with the highest number of people suffering from homelessness and poverty. ](/news/2017/09/15/key-housing-bills-pass-in-california-the-u-s-state-with-the-highest-number-of-people-suffering-from-homelessness-and-poverty.md) _Context: housing_
2. [Wells Fargo reports finding an additional 1.4 million potentially fake bank and credit card accounts, bringing the total problematic accounts to approximately 3.5 million. ](/news/2017/08/31/wells-fargo-reports-finding-an-additional-1-4-million-potentially-fake-bank-and-credit-card-accounts-bringing-the-total-problematic-account.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
3. [The U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fines several companies, including Wells Fargo, RBC Capital Markets, and LPL Financial, a combined $14.4 million for record-keeping problems that could have allowed company and customer documents to be altered. ](/news/2016/12/21/the-u-s-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-fines-several-companies-including-wells-fargo-rbc-capital-markets-and-lpl-financial-a-c.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
4. [The scandal over improper practices of unauthorized accounts at Wells Fargo extends to thousands of small-business owners. ](/news/2016/10/4/the-scandal-over-improper-practices-of-unauthorized-accounts-at-wells-fargo-extends-to-thousands-of-small-business-owners.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
5. [John Stumpf resigns as CEO and chairman of Wells Fargo amid a scandal over its sales practices. ](/news/2016/10/12/john-stumpf-resigns-as-ceo-and-chairman-of-wells-fargo-amid-a-scandal-over-its-sales-practices.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
6. [International banking company Wells Fargo agrees to pay $190 million, including $100 million to the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (largest ever for the agency), to settle a case involving deceptive sales that pushed customers into fee-generating accounts they never requested. The bank fired 5,300 employees over "inappropriate sales conduct." The firings took place over a five-year period. ](/news/2016/09/8/international-banking-company-wells-fargo-agrees-to-pay-190-million-including-100-million-to-the-u-s-consumer-financial-protection-burea.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
7. [Real estate firms Zillow and Trulia agree to merge, becoming the world's third-largest real estate firm. ](/news/2014/07/28/real-estate-firms-zillow-and-trulia-agree-to-merge-becoming-the-world-s-third-largest-real-estate-firm.md) _Context: housing_
8. [Wells Fargo of the United States becomes the world's largest bank by market capitalisation, replacing the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China amid an economic slowdown in China. ](/news/2013/07/24/wells-fargo-of-the-united-states-becomes-the-world-s-largest-bank-by-market-capitalisation-replacing-the-industrial-and-commercial-bank-of.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
9. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
10. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
