### [2010-10-27](/news/2010/10/27/index.md)

# Farooque Ahmed of Ashburn, Virginia, is arrested for allegedly plotting an attack on the Washington, D.C. Metrorail system. 

A Virginia man who allegedly believed he was helping al Qaeda plan bombings at Washington area Metrorail stations was arrested on Wednesday, the Justice Department said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE69Q4O920101027?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed:+reuters/topNews+(News+/+US+/+Top+News))

### Related:

1. [A winter storm warning is in place for Washington, D.C. and the American states of Virginia and Maryland with schools closed and transport advisories in place. ](/news/2015/02/16/a-winter-storm-warning-is-in-place-for-washington-d-c-and-the-american-states-of-virginia-and-maryland-with-schools-closed-and-transport-a.md) _Context: Virginia, Washington, D.C._
2. [An electrical malfunction causes a fire in the Washington, D. C.'s Metro subway system near L'Enfant Plaza Station resulting in one death with 84 people taken to hospitals, mostly from smoke inhalation. ](/news/2015/01/12/an-electrical-malfunction-causes-a-fire-in-the-washington-d-c-s-metro-subway-system-near-l-enfant-plaza-station-resulting-in-one-death-wi.md) _Context: Washington Metro, Washington, D.C._
3. [Farooque Ahmed is sentenced to 23 years in jail in the US for plotting attacks on the Washington Metro system. ](/news/2011/04/11/farooque-ahmed-is-sentenced-to-23-years-in-jail-in-the-us-for-plotting-attacks-on-the-washington-metro-system.md) _Context: Farooque Ahmed, Washington Metro_
4. [ The Washington, D.C. Metro announces it will randomly search "backpacks, gym bags and any other containers that riders carry with them onto the bus and rail system" during periods of increased threat. ](/news/2008/10/27/the-washington-d-c-metro-announces-it-will-randomly-search-backpacks-gym-bags-and-any-other-containers-that-riders-carry-with-them-onto.md) _Context: Washington Metro, Washington, D.C._
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: Virginia, Washington, D.C._
6. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
7. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [NASA's Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [The ''Richmond Times-Dispatch'' of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-for-president-and-the-first-newspaper-med.md) _Context: Virginia_
