### [2010-10-27](/news/2010/10/27/index.md)

# Israel:An Islamic Jihad terrorist is killed when three men who approached an  Israeli security fence from the Gaza Strip are fired upon by Israel Defense Forces tanks. 




### Source:

1. [Arutz Sheva](http://www.israelnationalnews.com/News/News.aspx/140300)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/meast/10/27/israel.march/index.html?eref=edition)

### Related:

1. [ The Palestinian Journalist Syndicate criticizes Islamic Jihad militants for using a vehicle marked with a "TV" sign to approach Gaza's frontier border with Israel in an attempt to kidnap an Israel Defense Forces soldier from a position across the border. ](/news/2007/06/10/the-palestinian-journalist-syndicate-criticizes-islamic-jihad-militants-for-using-a-vehicle-marked-with-a-tv-sign-to-approach-gaza-s-fron.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Three Palestinians are killed by  Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other  during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeliapalestinian-conflict-2015-pthree-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility.  The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
9. [Operation Pillar of Defense:Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-pisraeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
10. [Operation Pillar of Defense:An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-pan-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlies.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
