### [2015-02-19](/news/2015/02/19/index.md)

# 2 people are dead and 7 others infected at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, in Los Angeles County, California, after contracting a super-resistant bacterial infection of Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE). 179 other people may have been exposed to the bacteria as well. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/19/health/cre-superbug-explainer/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The manufacturer of a medical instrument for endoscopic procedures, Olympus Corp, lacked US FDA clearance to sell the current version when it caused an outbreak of infections, including two deaths, from an antibiotic-resistant strain of bacteria, "superbug" Carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae, or CRE, at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center between October 2014 and January 2015 (see February 19). ](/news/2015/03/5/the-manufacturer-of-a-medical-instrument-for-endoscopic-procedures-olympus-corp-lacked-us-fda-clearance-to-sell-the-current-version-when-i.md) _Context: Carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae, Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center_
2. [ A state of emergency is declared in Los Angeles County, California, due to the threat posed by the Sand Fire. ](/news/2016/07/26/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-los-angeles-county-california-due-to-the-threat-posed-by-the-sand-fire.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
3. [Firefighters have contained about 80 percent of the 516-acre brush fire in Calabasas, California. Evacuation orders affecting at least 5,000 people in the Los Angeles area are being lifted. The fire started yesterday when a pickup truck struck a power pole. ](/news/2016/06/5/firefighters-have-contained-about-80-percent-of-the-516-acre-brush-fire-in-calabasas-california-evacuation-orders-affecting-at-least-5-000.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
4. [Many residents of Los Angeles and Kern counties in southern drought-stricken California are trapped by flash floods after receiving four to six inches of rain in a short period of time. ](/news/2015/10/16/many-residents-of-los-angeles-and-kern-counties-in-southern-drought-stricken-california-are-trapped-by-flash-floods-after-receiving-four-to.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
5. [Huanglongbing or citrus greening, a disease which has killed millions of citrus trees in Brazil and Florida, is discovered in a residential section of Los Angeles County, California, in the United States. ](/news/2012/03/30/huanglongbing-or-citrus-greening-a-disease-which-has-killed-millions-of-citrus-trees-in-brazil-and-florida-is-discovered-in-a-residential.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
6. [ The Los Angeles County coroner rules that American entertainer and musician Michael Jackson's death was a homicide caused by acute intoxication from the drug propofol. ](/news/2009/08/28/the-los-angeles-county-coroner-rules-that-american-entertainer-and-musician-michael-jackson-s-death-was-a-homicide-caused-by-acute-intoxica.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
7. [ The King of Pop Michael Jackson dies from cardiac arrest at the age of 50 after arrival at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2009/06/25/the-king-of-pop-michael-jackson-dies-from-cardiac-arrest-at-the-age-of-50-after-arrival-at-the-ucla-medical-center-in-los-angeles-californ.md) _Context: Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center_
8. [ Wildfires are largest in California history; 1,500 homes are destroyed, 16 people killed and 600,000 acre burned. Evacuations are ordered from parts of cities in Los Angeles and San Diego counties. The conflagration also spreads across the border into the Mexican state of Baja California, where two deaths are reported.](/news/2003/10/28/wildfires-are-largest-in-california-history-1-500-homes-are-destroyed-16-people-killed-and-600-000-acre-burned-evacuations-are-ordered-f.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
9. [ The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco rules unanimously that the California gubernatorial recall election be postponed because several large counties, including Los Angeles County, have not upgraded their voting machines to replace the punched card systems which have consistently resulted in a significant number of uncountable votes (and thus unrepresented citizens).](/news/2003/09/15/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-in-san-francisco-rules-unanimously-that-the-california-gubernatorial-recall-electi.md) _Context: Los Angeles County, California_
