### [2015-02-19](/news/2015/02/19/index.md)

# Venezuelan police arrest the Opposition Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma without a warrant on the anniversary of the arrest of another opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez. The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro accused him of organizing a coup d'etat with the support of the United States but the US has denied this. 

The opposition mayor of Caracas was detained by Venezuelan intelligence police as President Nicolas Maduro, struggling to control inflation and a shrinking economy, steps up allegations of plots against his government.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-19/venezuela-opposition-mayor-antonio-ledezma-detained-by-police)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/20/venezuela-opposition-idUSL1N0VT39T20150220)
3. [teleSUR](http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/US-on-Venezuela-Coup-Charges-We-Dont-Support-Regime-Change-20150219-0035.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
2. [Crisis in Venezuela. Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Antonio Ledezma, Caracas, Leopoldo Lopez_
3. [United States-Venezuela relations. The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, United States_
4. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
5. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
6. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
7. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
8. [2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro orders the seizure of factories that have stopped production and the jailing of their owners amid a nationwide state of emergency. During a speech to pro-government supporters in Caracas, he said the country had to recover the means of production, to counter its deep economic crisis. He also said military exercises would take place next weekend to counter "foreign threats". ](/news/2016/05/14/2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-orders-the-seizure-of-factories-that-have-stopped-production-and.md) _Context: Caracas, Nicolas Maduro, President_
9. [2017 Venezuelan protests. A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-p.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
10. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
