### [2015-11-5](/news/2015/11/5/index.md)

# An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco Mineracao, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. 

Brazilian authorities stepped up efforts to locate and care for victims of a massive mudslide triggered by ruptured dams at an iron ore mine owned by BHP Billiton Ltd. and Vale SA, in what is being described as the worst environmental disaster ever in the state of Minas Gerais.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/least-17-dead-dam-bursts-brazil-mining-waste-022224741.html;_ylt=AwrXoCD1EjxWoAQAVqfQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByb2lvbXVuBGNvbG8DZ3ExBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)
2. [Al Jazeera English](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/11/dam-burst-mining-site-devastates-brazilian-town-151106022548631.html)
3. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-11-05/samarco-says-dam-in-brazil-burst-teams-are-working-on-site)
4. [Reuters via SBS Australia](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2015/11/06/16-reported-killed-45-missing-dam-burst-brazilian-bhp-mine)

### Related:

1. [Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep.  Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as-initially-reported-brazili.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Brazil, Minas Gerais, Minas Gerais dam disaster, Vale_
2. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Brazil, Minas Gerais, Vale_
3. [The Government of Brazil sues iron miner Samarco and parent companies Vale and BHP Billiton for 155 billion Brazilian reals ($43.5 billion US) for the collapse of a tailings dam that resulted in 19 deaths and caused major pollution to the Doce River. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-brazil-sues-iron-miner-samarco-and-parent-companies-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-155-billion-brazilian-reals-43-5-billion-u.md) _Context: BHP Billiton, Vale, tailings dam_
4. [At least ten people are killed in Brazil's Minas Gerais state after a bus accident. ](/news/2013/07/13/at-least-ten-people-are-killed-in-brazil-s-minas-gerais-state-after-a-bus-accident.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
5. [95 farm workers are rescued from difficult living conditions in two south-eastern states (Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro (state)) of Brazil. ](/news/2010/09/12/95-farm-workers-are-rescued-from-difficult-living-conditions-in-two-south-eastern-states-minas-gerais-and-rio-de-janeiro-state-of-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
6. [A teenager is shot dead and another is wounded by a further shot during a gay pride parade attended by around 70,000 people in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, Brazil. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-teenager-is-shot-dead-and-another-is-wounded-by-a-further-shot-during-a-gay-pride-parade-attended-by-around-70-000-people-in-juiz-de-fora.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
7. [Minas Gerais, one of Brazil's biggest states, bans the sale of the Toyota Corolla over safety fears. ](/news/2010/04/22/minas-gerais-one-of-brazil-s-biggest-states-bans-the-sale-of-the-toyota-corolla-over-safety-fears.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
8. [A general strike is held in Brazil, the first one in twenty years. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-general-strike-is-held-in-brazil-the-first-one-in-twenty-years.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-services-for-brazil-into-a-geosynchronous-tra.md) _Context: Brazil_
