### [2015-11-5](/news/2015/11/5/index.md)

# Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow wins a record third term in Wednesday's snap general election in the Central American nation as his United Democratic Party (UDP) gains a clear majority in parliament. The UDP won 19 constituencies and Francis Fonseca's People's United Party (PUP) took 10, with two constituencies yet to report. Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II, the symbolic head of state. 

Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow won a record third term in a snap general election in the tiny English-speaking Central American country on Wednesday, after his party gained a clear majority in parliament.


### Source:

1. [Newsweek](http://europe.newsweek.com/belize-pm-dean-barrow-wins-record-third-consecutive-term-336042)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/05/us-belize-election-idUSKCN0ST1VE20151105#hLWpFMhRXc31M0xR.97)
2. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151105&t=2&i=1092421216&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEBA406W)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Belize go to the polls with the United Democratic Party led by Dean Barrow hoping for a third consecutive term. ](/news/2015/11/4/voters-in-belize-go-to-the-polls-with-the-united-democratic-party-led-by-dean-barrow-hoping-for-a-third-consecutive-term.md) _Context: Belizean general election, 2015, Dean Barrow, United Democratic Party_
2. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: snap election_
3. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: snap election_
4. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: parliamentary system_
5. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: snap election_

### Changes:

1. [Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow wins a record third term in Wednesday's snap general election in the Central American nation as his United Democratic Party (UDP) gains a clear majority in parliament. The UDP won 19 constituencies and Francis Fonseca's People's United Party (PUP) took 10, with two constituencies yet to report. Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II, the symbolic head of state. ](/news/2015/11/5/belizean-prime-minister-dean-barrow-wins-a-record-third-term-in-wednesday-s-snap-general-election-in-the-central-american-nation-as-his-uni.md) _2017-08-25 03:43:23 (First version)_
2. [Belizean general election, 2015: Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow wins a record third term in Wednesday's snap general election in the Central American nation as his United Democratic Party (UDP) gains a clear majority in parliament. The UDP won 19 constituencies and Francis Fonseca's People's United Party (PUP) took 10, with two constituencies yet to report. Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II, the symbolic head of state. ](/news/2015/11/5/belizean-general-election-2015-belizean-prime-minister-dean-barrow-wins-a-record-third-term-in-wednesday-s-snap-general-election-in-the-ce.md) _2017-08-27 03:43:41 (Update)_
2. [Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow wins a record third term in Wednesday's snap general election in the Central American nation as his United Democratic Party (UDP) gains a clear majority in parliament. The UDP won 19 constituencies and Francis Fonseca's People's United Party (PUP) took 10, with two constituencies yet to report. Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II, the symbolic head of state. ](/news/2015/11/5/belizean-prime-minister-dean-barrow-wins-a-record-third-term-in-wednesday-s-snap-general-election-in-the-central-american-nation-as-his-unit.md) _(Current version)_
