### [2015-11-5](/news/2015/11/5/index.md)

# British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. 

France has announced that it will deploy its only aircraft carrier to boost its efforts in the fight against Isis. In a statement by the French presidency following a meeting of its defence cabinet, the government said the Charles de Gaulle warship would be sent to the eastern Mediterranean for operations against Isis in both Syria and Iraq.


### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/france-deploys-aircraft-carrier-to-fight-isis-in-syria-and-iraq-a6722671.html)
2. [Military.com](http://www.military.com/daily-news/2015/11/05/in-blow-to-obama-cameron-drops-plans-to-join-us-syria-airstrikes.html)

### Related:

1. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: British Parliament, David Cameron, Military intervention against ISIL_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, David Cameron, Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL, U.S._
4. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: British Parliament, David Cameron_
5. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL, U.S._
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: David Cameron, U.S._
7. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: British Parliament, Jeremy Corbyn_
8. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: British Parliament, U.S._
9. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: British Parliament, U.S._
10. [Military intervention against ISIL U.S. television network NBC has calculated that ISIS  and its sympathizers  killed 525 people in six attacks in six countries outside its alleged caliphate since October 10, 2015. ](/news/2015/12/8/military-intervention-against-isil-pu-s-television-network-nbc-has-calculated-that-isis-and-its-sympathizers-killed-525-people-in-six-att.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL, U.S._
