### [2015-11-5](/news/2015/11/5/index.md)

# Canada's Department of Foreign Affairs says it's aware of reports that a Canadian national, John Robert Gallagher, has died while fighting in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, John Robert Gallagher was killed while fighting alongside the Syrian Democratic Forces against Islamic State militants in the northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate. 

The Department of Foreign Affairs says it&rsquo;s aware of reports that a Canadian has died while fighting in Syria.


### Source:

1. [CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/canadian-john-robert-gallagher-reportedly-killed-while-fighting-isis-in-syria-1.3304815)
2. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-antiaircraft-missiles-syroia/27346585.html)
3. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/11/05/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-idUKKCN0SU0YC20151105)

### Related:

1. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of Al-Shaddadah and a nearby oilfield in Syria's north-east Al-Hasakah Governorate following heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-al-shaddadah-and-a-nearby-oilfield-in-syria-s-north-east-al-hasakah-governora.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
3. [A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town-of-tell-tamer-in-syria-s-northeast-al-hasakah-governorate-leaves-as-ma.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah Governorate, ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Kurdish-Islamist conflict (2013-present)_
4. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
5. [ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-palmyr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces_
7. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Democratic Forces, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack,  "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hi.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
