### [2015-11-5](/news/2015/11/5/index.md)

# ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. 

The New York attorney general has launched an investigation into whether Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM.N) misled the public and shareholders about the risks of climate change.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/06/us-exxon-mobil-climatechange-idUSKCN0SU30D20151106#WwU25FkYk4WLQ57y.97)

### Related:

1. [ New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo subpoenas Bank of America Chairman and CEO Kenneth Lewis for misleading investors during the purchase of Merrill Lynch. ](/news/2009/02/20/new-york-state-attorney-general-andrew-cuomo-subpoenas-bank-of-america-chairman-and-ceo-kenneth-lewis-for-misleading-investors-during-the-p.md) _Context: New York, subpoena_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York_
3. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York_
4. [Luisa Ortega Diaz, Venezuela's attorney general, denounces a rupture of the constitutional order. Some protesters hold banners reading: "No To Dictatorship". ](/news/2017/03/31/luisa-ortega-daaz-venezuela-s-attorney-general-denounces-a-rupture-of-the-constitutional-order-some-protesters-hold-banners-reading-no.md) _Context: attorney general_
5. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: climate change_
6. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: ExxonMobil_
8. [Kurt Eichenwald claims that Donald Trump and his businesses have been destroying documents, even in ongoing court cases and under subpoena, during the last decades. ](/news/2016/10/31/kurt-eichenwald-claims-that-donald-trump-and-his-businesses-have-been-destroying-documents-even-in-ongoing-court-cases-and-under-subpoena.md) _Context: subpoena_
9. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol ({{chem|C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H}}). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing {{chem|C|O|2}} in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-chem-c-o-2-a.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [New York authorities charge a man with second-degree murder in the deaths of a New York Muslim imam and his assistant. ](/news/2016/08/15/new-york-authorities-charge-a-man-with-second-degree-murder-in-the-deaths-of-a-new-york-muslim-imam-and-his-assistant.md) _Context: New York_
