### [2015-11-5](/news/2015/11/5/index.md)

# Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from  becoming President. 

Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi said on Thursday she would be &quot;above the president&quot; if her party wins a historic election on Nov. 8, defying a constitutional ban on becoming president herself.


### Source:

1. [Time](http://time.com/4101057/aung-san-suu-kyi-burma-myanmar-elections-nld/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/05/us-myanmar-election-idUSKCN0SU0AR20151105#V1RhmsAzSFIRFzvW.97)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the  November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
2. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
3. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, Myanmar's president's office, National League for Democracy_
4. [With 45 percent of the Pyithu Hluttaw (House of Representatives) results announced from Sunday's election, Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) moves closer to an absolute majority in the country's parliament, winning  over 90 percent  (135 of 149 seats) in the country's lower house. The NLD also has taken over 85 percent in  the upper house and regional assemblies. The NLD needs to win more than two-thirds of seats that were contested in parliament to form Myanmar's first democratically elected government since the early 1960s. ](/news/2015/11/11/with-45-percent-of-the-pyithu-hluttaw-house-of-representatives-results-announced-from-sunday-s-election-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-leagu.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
5. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar's president's office_
6. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years.  Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-ht.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
7. [Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. ](/news/2016/03/24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-and-17-other-nominees-to-positions-in-the-incoming-government-s-ca.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
8. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament,  selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-th.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar's president's office_
9. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, National League for Democracy_
10. [Myanmar's ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) concedes defeat in Sunday's first free nationwide election in a quarter of a century.   Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD), which has won 49 of the first 54 declared seats for the 330-seat lower house, appears headed for a landslide victory that would ensure it forms the next government. ](/news/2015/11/9/myanmar-s-ruling-union-solidarity-and-development-party-usdp-concedes-defeat-in-sunday-s-first-free-nationwide-election-in-a-quarter-of-a.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
