### [2012-02-13](/news/2012/02/13/index.md)

# A 5.5-magnitude earthquake hits Northern California, near Weitchpec, according to the United States Geological Survey. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/02/13/us/california-earthquake/index.html?hpt=hp_t3)

### Related:

1. [2017 Oroville Dam crisis. Thousands of people are urged to evacuate in and around the vicinity of Yuba City due to the impending failure of an emergency spillway at Oroville Dam in Northern California. 188,000 people were reported to be evacuated. ](/news/2017/02/13/2017-oroville-dam-crisis-thousands-of-people-are-urged-to-evacuate-in-and-around-the-vicinity-of-yuba-city-due-to-the-impending-failure-of.md) _Context: Northern California_
2. [A United States Air Force U-2 reconnaissance aircraft crashes in Northern California, shortly after takeoff from Beale Air Force Base, killing one pilot and injuring another. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-united-states-air-force-u-2-reconnaissance-aircraft-crashes-in-northern-california-shortly-after-takeoff-from-beale-air-force-base-killi.md) _Context: Northern California_
3. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
4. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
5. [The United States Geological Survey also reports that a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck off the coast of Malaita island, Solomon Islands. However, no tsunami warning has been issued. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-also-reports-that-a-magnitude-6-2-earthquake-struck-off-the-coast-of-malaita-island-solomon-islands-ho.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
6. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a 6.5 magnitude earthquake 155 km (95 miles) from the West Sumatra port city of Padang in Indonesia at a depth of about 50 km (30 miles). There are no immediate reports of damage or injury. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-6-5-magnitude-earthquake-155-km-95-miles-from-the-west-sumatra-port-city-of-padang-in-indonesia-at-a.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
7. [List of earthquakes in Australia. The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes the southern part of the Northern Territory in central Australia. No damage or injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/05/20/list-of-earthquakes-in-australia-the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-9-earthquake-strikes-the-southern-part-of.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
8. [2016 Sumatra earthquake. The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/2016-sumatra-earthquake-the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorol.md) _Context: magnitude_
9. [2016 Christchurch earthquake. The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/2016-christchurch-earthquake-the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-joh.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
10. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey_
