### [2012-02-13](/news/2012/02/13/index.md)

# Barack Obama, the President of the United States, presents 16 people with the National Medal of Arts at the White House including actor Al Pacino, country music singer Mel Tillis and former United States Poet Laureate Rita Dove. 

US actor Al Pacino receives the National Medal of Arts at a White House ceremony that sees 16 other individuals and organisations honoured.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-17025115)

### Related:

1. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
3. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
4. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
5. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
6. [The second inauguration of Barack Obama as the President of the United States takes place in the Blue Room of the White House. ](/news/2013/01/20/the-second-inauguration-of-barack-obama-as-the-president-of-the-united-states-takes-place-in-the-blue-room-of-the-white-house.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama answers questions about the State of the Union posed by citizens in the first-ever completely virtual interview from the White House but fails to answer the most popular questions which were related to the controversial topic of marijuana legalization. ](/news/2012/01/30/u-s-president-barack-obama-answers-questions-about-the-state-of-the-union-posed-by-citizens-in-the-first-ever-completely-virtual-interview.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
9. [An Idaho man, Oscar Ramiro Ortega-Hernandez, is charged with the attempted assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama, after two bullets are found embedded in the exterior of the White House. The President and First Lady were not present at the time of the alleged attack. ](/news/2011/11/17/an-idaho-man-oscar-ramiro-ortega-hernandez-is-charged-with-the-attempted-assassination-of-u-s-president-barack-obama-after-two-bullets-a.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
10. [President Barack Obama meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, during which Netanyahu emphasizes that Israel would not make a full withdraw to the pre-1967 borders as Obama requested yesterday, because these borders are "not defensible".](/news/2011/05/20/president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-white-house-during-which-netanyahu-emphasizes-that.md) _Context: Obama, White House, president_
