### [2012-02-13](/news/2012/02/13/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yousuf Raza Gilani appears before the Supreme Court of Pakistan to face contempt of court charges. 




### Source:

1. [IBN Live](http://ibnlive.in.com/news/pakistan-sc-likely-to-decide-gilanis-fate-today/229654-56.html)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousuf Raza Gilani, appears before Pakistan's Supreme Court, facing contempt proceedings that could see him barred from holding public office if found guilty. ](/news/2012/01/18/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yousuf-raza-gilani-appears-before-pakistan-s-supreme-court-facing-contempt-proceedings-that-could-see-him.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court, Yousuf Raza Gilani, contempt of court_
2. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan finds Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani guilty of contempt of court but he is given only a token sentence of imprisonment lasting less than a minute. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-finds-prime-minister-syed-yousaf-raza-gillani-guilty-of-contempt-of-court-but-he-is-given-only-a-token-sentenc.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court, contempt of court_
3. [GT road rally: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif goes home after his disqualification by the Supreme Court in the Panama Papers case. ](/news/2017/08/9/gt-road-rally-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-goes-home-after-his-disqualification-by-the-supreme-court-in-the-panama-papers.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
4. [Politics of Pakistan: The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/politics-of-pakistan-the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-offi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
5. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
6. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
7. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan orders the Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to appear before it to explain his alleged failure to comply with orders reopening corruption charges against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-orders-the-prime-minister-raja-pervez-ashraf-to-appear-before-it-to-explain-his-alleged-failure-to-comply-with.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
8. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Raja Pervez Ashraf appears in the Pakistani Supreme Court over his failure to reopen investigations of corruption against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/27/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-raja-pervez-ashraf-appears-in-the-pakistani-supreme-court-over-his-failure-to-reopen-investigations-of-corrup.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
9. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan disqualifies prime minister Yousaf Raza Gillani from holding office after Gillani was found guilty in a contempt-of-court case on April 26. ](/news/2012/06/19/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-disqualifies-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-from-holding-office-after-gillani-was-found-guilty-in-a-contem.md) _Context: Supreme Court, contempt of court_
10. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
