### [2010-06-28](/news/2010/06/28/index.md)

# Captured Israeli soldier: Gilad Shalit: Hamas leader Khaled Mashal says Hamas plans to kidnap more IDF soldiers and increase the price for captive soldier Gilad Shalit if Israel does not meet its demands for a prisoner swap. 

Second day of march for kidnapped soldier comes to end in northern town of Kiryat Motzkin


### Source:

1. [Ha’aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/news/shalit-march-reaches-acre-meshal-threatens-to-abduct-more-troops-raise-price-of-prisoner-deal-1.298837)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=179831)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3912058,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlie.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
8. [The Cabinet of Israel approves a prisoner swap deal with Hamas for the release of the Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit, who had been held in captivity for five years. In exchange, Israel agrees to release a thousand Palestinian prisoners held in Israel, among them hundreds of prisoners serving multiple life sentences for planning and perpetrating murderous attacks against Israeli civilians.](/news/2011/10/11/the-cabinet-of-israel-approves-a-prisoner-swap-deal-with-hamas-for-the-release-of-the-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit-who-had-been-held-i.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
9. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-capt.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel_
10. [A 2009 Wikileaks document from the US embassy in Tel Aviv says that Israel is preparing for large scale war against Hamas or Hezbollah, and quotes the Israeli chief of staff as saying that the Israel Defense Forces must be prepared to stop the firing of rockets on Tel Aviv. ](/news/2011/01/2/a-2009-wikileaks-document-from-the-us-embassy-in-tel-aviv-says-that-israel-is-preparing-for-large-scale-war-against-hamas-or-hezbollah-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
