### [2010-06-28](/news/2010/06/28/index.md)

# Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad postpones nuclear talks so as to "punish the West" for United Nations Security Council Resolution 1929 aimed at curbing the alleged development of Iranian nuclear weapons. 

Ahmadinejad says negotiations over nuclear programme will resume only in late August.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gXlVQW6HekLbHKVOdzTgc-sFnPGg)
2. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/06/2010628124311454616.html)
3. [Voice of America](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/Iran-to-Delay-Nuclear-Talks-Until-August-97303654.html)

### Related:

1. [Iranian presidential election:Candidates hold a third and final televised debate, giving their plans on domestic and foreign policies and also criticizing Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's nuclear and human rights policies. ](/news/2013/06/7/iranian-presidential-election-pcandidates-hold-a-third-and-final-televised-debate-giving-their-plans-on-domestic-and-foreign-policies-and-a.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear scientist_
2. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear scientist_
3. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls Israel "nothing more than a mosquito" and downplays the idea of war between the two countries, ahead of talks regarding Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/05/12/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-israel-nothing-more-than-a-mosquito-and-downplays-the-idea-of-war-between-the-two-countries-a.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear scientist_
4. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says that Iran is willing to talk about Iran's nuclear program with other leaders. ](/news/2012/01/25/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-that-iran-is-willing-to-talk-about-iran-s-nuclear-program-with-other-leaders.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear scientist_
5. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons;  European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear scientist_
6. [The Parliament of Iran gives a vote of confidence to Ali Akbar Salehi, who has led the Atomic Energy Organisation of Iran since July 2009 and Iran's nuclear program, and is President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's candidate to become Minister of Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2011/01/30/the-parliament-of-iran-gives-a-vote-of-confidence-to-ali-akbar-salehi-who-has-led-the-atomic-energy-organisation-of-iran-since-july-2009-an.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear scientist_
7. [Talks between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany break down without an agreement to end the eight-year-old impasse over Iran's nuclear program, after Iranian officials refused to negotiate unless preconditions including an immediate halt to UN sanctions on Iran were met. ](/news/2011/01/23/talks-between-iran-and-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-un-security-council-plus-germany-break-down-without-an-agreement-to-end-the-eight-y.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
8. [Iran has continued covert attempts to purchase technology for its nuclear program through more than 350 companies, despite  UN sanctions on Iran, the Norwegian newspaper ''Aftenposten'' reported, citing US diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/16/iran-has-continued-covert-attempts-to-purchase-technology-for-its-nuclear-program-through-more-than-350-companies-despite-un-sanctions-on.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
9. [Russia  will refund Iran for the canceled the sale of an air defense missile system  following United Nations sanctions against Iran's nuclear program ](/news/2010/10/7/russia-will-refund-iran-for-the-canceled-the-sale-of-an-air-defense-missile-system-following-united-nations-sanctions-against-iranas-nuc.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
10. [The U.S. government has concluded that Chinese companies are bypassing UN sanctions on Iran and helping Iran to improve its missile technology and develop nuclear weapons, and has asked China to stop such activity. ](/news/2010/10/18/the-u-s-government-has-concluded-that-chinese-companies-are-bypassing-un-sanctions-on-iran-and-helping-iran-to-improve-its-missile-technolo.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
