### [2010-06-28](/news/2010/06/28/index.md)

# Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran's nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Home/Article.aspx?id=179570)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.jpost.com/HttpHandlers/ShowImage.ashx?ID=145216)

### Related:

1. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey, United States_
2. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey, United States_
3. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
4. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United States_
5. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Israel, Turkey, United States_
6. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: EU, NATO, United States_
7. [Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkeyas-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egyptas-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Israel, Turkey, United States_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: Israel, Turkey, United States_
9. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
10. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkey_
