### [2010-06-28](/news/2010/06/28/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Alex is expected to become a hurricane, with heavy winds, rain and rough seas in the Gulf of Mexico, driving the oil deeper inland and bringing much of the cleanup to a standstill. 

Tropical Storm Alex was close to hurricane strength in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday but remained on a track north of Mexican oil platforms and far southwest of U.S. fields, further easing crude market concerns over supply disruption.


### Source:

1. [Atlanta Journal-Constitution](http://www.ajc.com/news/nation-world/hurricane-warnings-for-mexico-559266.html)
2. [CBS](http://cbs5.com/national/Tropical.storm.oil.2.1777875.html)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/HEALTH/06/28/louisiana.oil.exposure/)
4. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/greenspace/2010/06/gulf-oil-spill-air-pollution-health-workers.html)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE65P0UL20100629)
6. [Statesman](http://www.statesman.com/news/texas/official-even-glancing-blow-from-alex-could-wreak-775223.html)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Karl becomes a Category 2 hurricane as it heads across Mexico's offshore oil wells in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/09/16/hurricane-karl-becomes-a-category-2-hurricane-as-it-heads-across-mexico-s-offshore-oil-wells-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, hurricane_
2. [Hurricane Alex becomes the first hurricane of the 2010 Atlantic hurricane season with warnings posted from Baffin Bay, Texas south to Mexico. ](/news/2010/06/29/hurricane-alex-becomes-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2010-atlantic-hurricane-season-with-warnings-posted-from-baffin-bay-texas-south-to-mexico.md) _Context: Hurricane Alex, hurricane_
3. [ Hurricane Gustav reaches hurricane strength en route to the Cayman Islands, Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/08/29/hurricane-gustav-reaches-hurricane-strength-en-route-to-the-cayman-islands-cuba-and-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, hurricane_
4. [ 2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Lorenzo strengthens into a hurricane and makes landfall on Mexico's Gulf coast. ](/news/2007/09/27/2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-lorenzo-strengthens-into-a-hurricane-and-makes-landfall-on-mexico-s-gulf-coast.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, hurricane_
5. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much as 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's "Brilliance of the Seas" cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130-m.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
