### [2010-06-28](/news/2010/06/28/index.md)

# Turkish soldiers mistakenly kill two villagers in Hatay. 

Hurriyet Daily News is the leading news source for Turkey and the region. Hurriyet daily news, turkish daily news, turkish news, hürriyet daily news, turkey news, daily news, hurriyet english, hurriyetdailynews


### Source:

1. [Hurriyet Daily](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/n.php?n=two-villagers-dead-one-wounded-by-friendly-fire-at-hatay-2010-06-28)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot-and-killed-and-another-eight-wound.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
2. [A Turkish soldier is killed following a clash on the Syria-Turkey border with an armed group trying to enter Turkey illegally. The Turkish military says the clash occurred in the Yayladagi district of the Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/02/15/a-turkish-soldier-is-killed-following-a-clash-on-the-syriaaturkey-border-with-an-armed-group-trying-to-enter-turkey-illegally-the-turkish.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
3. [Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-t.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
4. [Syrian civil war:An explosion in a vehicle at the Cilvegozu border gate kills 14 civilians (eleven Syrians and three Turks), and injures more than 25 others in Reyhanli district of Hatay Province, Turkey. The gate is on the Turkish-Syrian border. ](/news/2013/02/11/syrian-civil-war-pan-explosion-in-a-vehicle-at-the-cilvegapza1-4-border-gate-kills-14-civilians-eleven-syrians-and-three-turks-and-injures.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
5. [An explosion rips through a leather workshop in the town of Guzelburc in Hatay Province, Turkey, killing 3 people and injuring 5 others. ](/news/2010/10/3/an-explosion-rips-through-a-leather-workshop-in-the-town-of-ga1-4zelburass-in-hatay-province-turkey-killing-3-people-and-injuring-5-others.md) _Context: Hatay Province, Turkey_
6. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C. Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-pturkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: Turkey_
9. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Turkey_
