### [2010-06-28](/news/2010/06/28/index.md)

# World leaders at the G20 summit agree to cut their budget deficits in half by 2013, while US President Obama urges continued spending to support economic growth. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/06/27/AR2010062701754.html?hpid=sec-world)
2. [Voice of America](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/World-Leaders-Return-From-G20-Summit-with-Pledge-to-Slash-Deficits-97304899.html)
3. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/feeds/ap/2010/06/28/general-energy-world-summit_7724393.html?boxes=Homepagebusinessnews)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama calls on China to stop constructing artificial islands in the South China Sea. Obama's comments to reporters come after a meeting with Philippine President  Benigno S. Aquino III. The U.S. president is in Manila for the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit where the Trans-Pacific Partnership is the central topic of conversation. China attempts to keep the topic of the islands off the agenda. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-on-china-to-stop-constructing-artificial-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-obamaas-comments-to-reporters-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
2. [A recommendation against practices by the National Security Agency is presented to United States President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/12/19/a-recommendation-against-practices-by-the-national-security-agency-is-presented-to-united-states-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
3. [United States Senator Christopher Dodd submits a draft of a bill that would reform financial regulation, mostly in accord with the proposals of President Barack Obama's administration. ](/news/2010/03/15/united-states-senator-christopher-dodd-submits-a-draft-of-a-bill-that-would-reform-financial-regulation-mostly-in-accord-with-the-proposals.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
5. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
6. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
