### [2007-04-14](/news/2007/04/14/index.md)

#  At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/04/14/turkey.protest.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish, ruling party_
2. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish_
3. [Turkish local elections, 2014:Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory.  ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-pvoters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish, ruling party_
4. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish, ruling party_
5. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish_
6. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Ankara, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish_
8. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish_
9. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish_
10. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/05/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-formally-approves-his-ally-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-as-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
