### [2012-12-28](/news/2012/12/28/index.md)

# 2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The government of the Central African Republic and a rebel coalition agree to hold talks after weeks of unrest. 

The government of the Central African Republic and a rebel coalition have agreed to hold talks after weeks of unrest.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20862637)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franass.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central-African_
2. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pcentral-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels-a.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central-African_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Rebels in the Central African Republic have made fresh gains and are now in control of a key central city. ](/news/2012/12/29/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-prebels-in-the-central-african-republic-have-made-fresh-gains-and-are-now-in-control-of-a-key-centra.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central-African_
4. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pthe-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistance.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central-African_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pchad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-r.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central-African_
6. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central-African_
7. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central-African_
8. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central-African_
9. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central-African_
10. [Voters in the Central African Republic go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election, a runoff between former prime ministers   Anicet-Georges Dologuele (1999-2001) and Faustin-Archange Touadera (2008-13). ](/news/2016/02/14/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-a-runoff-between-former.md) _Context: Central-African_
