### [2005-08-9](/news/2005/08/9/index.md)

#  Israel orders Israeli settlers on the Gaza Strip to leave their settlements or face eviction. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4134118.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israel evicts Jewish settlers from a hilltop in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/21/israel-evicts-jewish-settlers-from-a-hilltop-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, evict_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]: The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]: The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement_
3. [ Israel completes the unilateral disengagement from all settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank. [http://olympics.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-08-23T153244Z_01_MOL349068_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4177364.stm (BBC)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/616333.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/23/israel-completes-the-unilateral-disengagement-from-all-settlements-in-the-gaza-strip-and-four-in-the-west-bank-http-olympics-reuters-co.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement_
4. [ BBC News has been told, by the activist settler Noam Livnat, that 20,000 Israeli soldiers had signed a petition vowing to block any attempt at removing Israeli settlements from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/07/29/bbc-news-has-been-told-by-the-activist-settler-noam-livnat-that-20-000-israeli-soldiers-had-signed-a-petition-vowing-to-block-any-attempt.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement_
5. [ Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz announces that private homes in the Gaza strip settlements will not be demolished after the disengagement plan. Religious structures such as synagogues, Mikveh baths and cemeteries will be dismantled and transferred inside the "Green line". ](/news/2005/04/8/israeli-defence-minister-shaul-mofaz-announces-that-private-homes-in-the-gaza-strip-settlements-will-not-be-demolished-after-the-disengagem.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement_
6. [ Israeli citizens against the proposed Israeli dismantling of Jewish settlements on the Gaza Strip have chained shut 167 schools and nurseries in Tel Aviv as part of their protest. The Fire Service quickly cut through the chains. ](/news/2005/04/12/israeli-citizens-against-the-proposed-israeli-dismantling-of-jewish-settlements-on-the-gaza-strip-have-chained-shut-167-schools-and-nurseri.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli settlement_
8. [Israeli settlement: Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israeli-settlement-israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement_
9. [Israeli settlement: Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/israeli-settlement-following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-ne.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
