### [2005-08-9](/news/2005/08/9/index.md)

#  Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority, has announced that there is to be a Palestinian general election in January 2006. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4134232.stm)

### Related:

1. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas meet to discuss the establishment of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2007/08/6/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-meet-to-discuss-the-establishment-of.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Mohammad Dahlan resigns as National Security Adviser to the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas due to his role in the recent defeat of Fatah in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/07/26/mohammad-dahlan-resigns-as-national-security-adviser-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-due-to-his-role-in-the-rec.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
6. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
7. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
8. [ President of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, has cancelled the Fatah Primary Elections after accusations of voter fraud were made. ](/news/2005/11/29/president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-has-cancelled-the-fatah-primary-elections-after-accusations-of-voter-fraud-were-made.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announces the postponement of legislative elections originally scheduled for July 17. He cited a report from the Palestinian election authority that it needs more time to implement changes in laws concerning seating of legislators. Hamas leaders object to the postponement. ](/news/2005/06/4/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-announces-the-postponement-of-legislative-elections-originally-scheduled-for-july-17-he-cited-a-report.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
