
Formats: [HTML](/news/2012/12/18/a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of-bria-killing-at-least-15-government-soldi.html)  [JSON](/news/2012/12/18/a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of-bria-killing-at-least-15-government-soldi.json)  [XML](/news/2012/12/18/a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of-bria-killing-at-least-15-government-soldi.xml)  

### [2012-12-18](/news/2012/12/18/index.md)

##### Seleka
# A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Sources:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/rebels-african-republic-towns-18005886)
2. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hqiANCbhHZd4zl8TI3P8i6OtqN2g)
3. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/alertnet/news/car-rebels-take-diamond-mining-town-kill-15-soldiers/)

### Changes:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _2017-08-25 03:37:04 (First version)_
2. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:: A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _2017-08-27 03:37:14 (Update)_
2. [A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of-bria-killing-at-least-15-government-soldi.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/chad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-rebel-coalition.md) _Context: Bria, Central African Republic, Chad, Seleka_
2. [Voters in Chad go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with incumbent President Idriss Deby favoured to win a fifth term. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-chad-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-idriss-da-c-by-favoured-to-wi.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby, President of Chad_
3. [Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/seleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-promises-to-retain-power-sharing-government-as-p.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President, Seleka_
4. [ Darfur Conflict: Chad's President Idriss Deby and Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir meet in Senegal to sign the Dakar Agreement, the sixth peace agreement in five years. ](/news/2008/03/13/darfur-conflict-chad-s-president-idriss-da-c-by-and-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-meet-in-senegal-to-sign-the-dakar-agreement-the-sixth.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby, President of Chad_
5. [Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-presi.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
