### [2012-12-18](/news/2012/12/18/index.md)

# A police officer's claim that he witnessed a conflict outside Downing Street involving former British Conservative Party chief whip Andrew Mitchell is being probed by the Independent Police Complaints Commission. CCTV footage of the incident also emerges, casting doubt on whether any witnesses were present at the time. 

The police watchdog says it is to investigate whether an officer did witness a row in which he claimed ex-Chief Whip Andrew Mitchell called officers &quot;plebs&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20764044)
2. [Channel 4 News](http://www.channel4.com/news/andrew-mitchell-plebgate-police-cctv-downing-street)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/64820000/jpg/_64820426_octfopjy.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Chief Whip of the British Conservative Party Andrew Mitchell resigns over remarks he made to police officers in Downing Street, and following a lengthy political row over the issue. ](/news/2012/10/19/chief-whip-of-the-british-conservative-party-andrew-mitchell-resigns-over-remarks-he-made-to-police-officers-in-downing-street-and-followin.md) _Context: Andrew Mitchell, Conservative Party, Downing Street, chief whip_
2. [Former British Cabinet minister Andrew Mitchell says he will take legal action against "The Sun" over claims he swore and called police officers plebs in a row in Downing Street. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-british-cabinet-minister-andrew-mitchell-says-he-will-take-legal-action-against-the-sun-over-claims-he-swore-and-called-police-offi.md) _Context: Andrew Mitchell, Downing Street_
3. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
4. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
5. [Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-over-their-role-in.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
6. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
7. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
8. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election, the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
9. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
10. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
