### [2012-12-18](/news/2012/12/18/index.md)

# Incumbent President of South Africa Jacob Zuma wins a landslide victory in the African National Congress leadership contest opening the way for likely reelection in 2014. 

Sky News Australia has the top stories in news online from Australia and the rest of the World.


### Source:

1. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/topstories/article.aspx?id=827902)

### Related:

1. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: African National Congress, Jacob Zuma, President_
2. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: African National Congress, Jacob Zuma, President_
3. [ South African President Jacob Zuma admits disagreements do exist between the ANC and the trade union federation (COSATU)&mdash;one of its main political partners. ](/news/2009/09/21/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-admits-disagreements-do-exist-between-the-anc-and-the-trade-union-federation-cosatu-mdash-one-of-its-m.md) _Context: African National Congress, Jacob Zuma, President_
4. [Corruption in South Africa. President Jacob Zuma survives his eighth no-confidence motion in parliament via a 198-177 secret ballot vote with nine abstentions. The rand fell by 1 percent on the announcement of the outcome. ](/news/2017/08/8/corruption-in-south-africa-president-jacob-zuma-survives-his-eighth-no-confidence-motion-in-parliament-via-a-198-177-secret-ballot-vote-w.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
5. [Corruption in South Africa. The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/corruption-in-south-africa-the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-pr.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
6. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
7. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
8. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
9. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
10. [Corruption in South Africa. President Jacob Zuma survives a no-confidence vote in the South African Parliament in response to corruption allegations against him. ](/news/2016/03/1/corruption-in-south-africa-president-jacob-zuma-survives-a-no-confidence-vote-in-the-south-african-parliament-in-response-to-corruption-all.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
