### [2012-12-18](/news/2012/12/18/index.md)

# Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont is sworn in as the President pro tempore of the United States Senate, making him third in the United States presidential line of succession. 

Sen. Patrick Leahy was officially sworn in as the third-in-line for the presidency, following the death of Sen. Inouye. 


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/video/senate/273461-biden-swears-in-leahy-as-third-in-line-for-the-presidency)

### Related:

1. [ The 2001 anthrax attacks continue as anthrax letters are mailed from Princeton, New Jersey, to Senators Tom Daschle of South Dakota and Patrick Leahy of Vermont.](/news/2001/10/9/the-2001-anthrax-attacks-continue-as-anthrax-letters-are-mailed-from-princeton-new-jersey-to-senators-tom-daschle-of-south-dakota-and-pat.md) _Context: Patrick Leahy, United States Senate, Vermont_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-sen.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-pres.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-a.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton-s private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont_
7. [2016 United States Presidential election: Nominally independent Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont announces that he will be seeking the Democratic Party nomination in the US Presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/29/2016-united-states-presidential-election-nominally-independent-senator-bernie-sanders-from-vermont-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-de.md) _Context: United States Senate, Vermont_
8. [Death of oldest, longest serving United States Senator: Robert Byrd: Democratic Robert Byrd of West Virginia, President pro tempore of the United States Senate and the longest serving member its history, dies at age 92 in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2010/06/28/death-of-oldest-longest-serving-united-states-senator-robert-byrd-democratic-robert-byrd-of-west-virginia-president-pro-tempore-of-the-u.md) _Context: President pro tempore of the United States Senate, United States Senate_
9. [ Senator and President "pro tempore" of the United States Senate Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia becomes the longest serving member in the history of the United States Congress. ](/news/2009/11/18/senator-and-president-pro-tempore-of-the-united-states-senate-robert-c-byrd-of-west-virginia-becomes-the-longest-serving-member-in-the-h.md) _Context: President pro tempore of the United States Senate, United States Senate_
10. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
