### [2015-04-1](/news/2015/04/1/index.md)

# Two United States Marine Corps F-18 fighters make a precautionary landing at Taiwan's Tainan Air Force Base. 

The emergency landing of two U.S. Marine Corps F-18 fighter jets on the island of Taiwan appears to have been a political message from the Pentagon to Beijing following a recent Chinese bomber drill near the island nation that is a key rival to Beijing&#8217;s rule.


### Source:

1. [Focus Taiwan](http://focustaiwan.tw/news/aipl/201504010018.aspx)
2. [The Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/1/inside-the-ring-marine-fighter-jet-landing-on-taiw/)

### Related:

1. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Marines_
2. [FORMOSAT-5, the first satellite fully designed by Taiwan's National Space Organization, is launched into low-earth orbit by SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket. ](/news/2017/08/25/formosat-5-the-first-satellite-fully-designed-by-taiwan-s-national-space-organization-is-launched-into-low-earth-orbit-by-spacex-s-falcon.md) _Context: Taiwan_
3. [US Navy losses in World War II. The wreckage of the Indianapolis|CA-35|6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/us-navy-losses-in-world-war-ii-the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-ca-35-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i.md) _Context: Marines_
4. [Military of the United States. Because of a recent pair of deadly crashes, the U.S. Marine Corps will ground its flight operations for 24 hours for an operational reset. The suspensions will be spread out over the next two weeks. ](/news/2017/08/11/military-of-the-united-states-because-of-a-recent-pair-of-deadly-crashes-the-u-s-marine-corps-will-ground-its-flight-operations-for-24-ho.md) _Context: Marines_
5. [2017 United States Marine Corps KC-130 crash. A United States Marine Corps Lockheed C-130 Hercules military transport aircraft carrying sixteen people has crashed near the American town of Greenwood, Mississippi. All sixteen bodies have been recovered. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-united-states-marine-corps-kc-130-crash-a-united-states-marine-corps-lockheed-c-130-hercules-military-transport-aircraft-carrying-sixt.md) _Context: Marines_
6. [Taiwan-United States relations. The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/taiwan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration.md) _Context: Taiwan_
7. [Foreign relations of Panama. Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: Taiwan_
8. [LGBT rights in Taiwan. After the Supreme Court rules in favor, same-sex-marriage is on its way to being legalized in Taiwan, the first country in Asia to do so. ](/news/2017/05/24/lgbt-rights-in-taiwan-after-the-supreme-court-rules-in-favor-same-sex-marriage-is-on-its-way-to-being-legalized-in-taiwan-the-first-count.md) _Context: Taiwan_
9. [Cross-Strait relations. A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: Taiwan_
10. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Marines_
