### [2009-08-7](/news/2009/08/7/index.md)

#  Senator Miguel Carrioza says the Congress of Paraguay is not interested in considering the protocol for Venezuela's incorporation to Mercosur. 

The Paraguayan Congress is not interested in considering the protocol for Venezuela&rsquo;s incorporation to Mercosur said Senator Miguel Carrioza, president of the Upper house.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/07/paraguayan-senate-not-interested-in-having-venezuela-in-mercosur)

### Related:

1. [ Paraguay's government withdraws a bill approving Venezuela's incorporation to Mercosur, fearing a defeat in Congress could hurt relations between the two countries. ](/news/2009/08/14/paraguayas-government-withdraws-a-bill-approving-venezuela-s-incorporation-to-mercosur-fearing-a-defeat-in-congress-could-hurt-relations.md) _Context: Congress's, Mercosur, Venezuela_
2. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
3. [Mercosur suspends Venezuela from the South American trading bloc for failing to meet membership requirements on trade and human rights. ](/news/2016/12/2/mercosur-suspends-venezuela-from-the-south-american-trading-bloc-for-failing-to-meet-membership-requirements-on-trade-and-human-rights.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
4. [The South American trading bloc Mercosur threatens to suspend Venezuela if it does not protect human rights and enact a law guaranteeing the free movement of Mercosur citizens. The bloc sets a deadline of December 1, 2016, for Venezuela to comply with their requirements. ](/news/2016/09/14/the-south-american-trading-bloc-mercosur-threatens-to-suspend-venezuela-if-it-does-not-protect-human-rights-and-enact-a-law-guaranteeing-the.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
5. [Mercosur grants full membership for Venezuela. ](/news/2012/07/31/mercosur-grants-full-membership-for-venezuela.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
6. [ The Brazilian Senate condemns Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez for his restrictions on the press, further delaying its Mercosur bid. ](/news/2009/09/4/the-brazilian-senate-condemns-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-for-his-restrictions-on-the-press-further-delaying-its-mercosur-bid.md) _Context: Mercosur, Venezuela_
7. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
