### [2007-08-18](/news/2007/08/18/index.md)

#  North Korea launches a flood relief program to help the hundreds of thousands of people left homeless. 

North Korea says it has launched an all-out campaign to help hundreds of thousands of people left homeless and without food after widespread flooding, state media reported.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/19/2008842.htm)

### Related:

1. [Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon warns that North Korea is headed for a "chronic" food crisis with droughts and floods in various parts of the country. ](/news/2010/10/22/secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-warns-that-north-korea-is-headed-for-a-chronic-food-crisis-with-droughts-and-floods-in.md) _Context: North Korea, flood_
2. [North Korea's ruling Workers' Party of Korea cancels its largest political convention in thirty years officially due to floods caused by Typhoon Kompasu  but sparking speculation about the health of Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2010/09/15/north-korea-s-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-cancels-its-largest-political-convention-in-thirty-years-officially-due-to-floods-caused-by-typ.md) _Context: North Korea, flood_
3. [ The Red Cross estimates that the death toll from North Korean floods has reached 220. North Korea estimates that it has wiped out a tenth of its farmland. ](/news/2007/08/16/the-red-cross-estimates-that-the-death-toll-from-north-korean-floods-has-reached-220-north-korea-estimates-that-it-has-wiped-out-a-tenth-o.md) _Context: North Korea, flood_
4. [ The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon orders a full evaluation of the needs of North Korea after severe floods hit the country. Up to 300,000 people may have been left homeless. ](/news/2007/08/15/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-orders-a-full-evaluation-of-the-needs-of-north-korea-after-severe-floods-hit-the-co.md) _Context: North Korea, flood_
5. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomware-attack-to-the-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea_
