### [2007-08-18](/news/2007/08/18/index.md)

#  Voters in the Maldives go to the polls in a constitutional referendum to decide between a presidential or parliamentary system of government. 




### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/convergence/ndtv/story.aspx?id=NEWEN20070023058)

### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Maldives_
2. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: parliamentary system_
3. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017: In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: presidential_
4. [The Maldives leaves the Commonwealth of Nations after 34 years, claiming that it has been "unfairly and unjustly" treated by the intergovernmental organization. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-maldives-leaves-the-commonwealth-of-nations-after-34-years-claiming-that-it-has-been-unfairly-and-unjustly-treated-by-the-intergovern.md) _Context: Maldives_
5. [A Maldives court convicts Ahmed Adeeb, the country's former vice president, of masterminding a plot to kill President Abdulla Yameen. He is sentenced to 15 years in prison. Earlier this week, Adeeb was sentenced to 10 years for firearms possession. ](/news/2016/06/10/a-maldives-court-convicts-ahmed-adeeb-the-country-s-former-vice-president-of-masterminding-a-plot-to-kill-president-abdulla-yameen-he-is.md) _Context: Maldives_
6. [Police forcibly break up a protest in Male, Maldives, with tear gas and pepper spray and detain multiple journalists. The demonstration was against government moves to introduce a new law to criminalize defamation. ](/news/2016/04/3/police-forcibly-break-up-a-protest-in-mala-c-maldives-with-tear-gas-and-pepper-spray-and-detain-multiple-journalists-the-demonstration-was.md) _Context: Maldives_
7. [Maldives jails opposition leader Sheikh Imran Abdulla for terrorism. It is claimed that he urged the overthrow of the government in a speech. ](/news/2016/02/17/maldives-jails-opposition-leader-sheikh-imran-abdulla-for-terrorism-it-is-claimed-that-he-urged-the-overthrow-of-the-government-in-a-speech.md) _Context: Maldives_
8. [Belizean general election, 2015: Belizean Prime Minister Dean Barrow wins a record third term in Wednesday's snap general election in the Central American nation as his United Democratic Party (UDP) gains a clear majority in parliament. The UDP won 19 constituencies and Francis Fonseca's People's United Party (PUP) took 10, with two constituencies yet to report. Belize is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy with Queen Elizabeth II, the symbolic head of state. ](/news/2015/11/5/belizean-general-election-2015-belizean-prime-minister-dean-barrow-wins-a-record-third-term-in-wednesday-s-snap-general-election-in-the-ce.md) _Context: parliamentary system_
9. [Voters in the Maldives go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election. ](/news/2013/11/9/voters-in-the-maldives-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election.md) _Context: Maldives_
10. [Voters in the Maldives go to the polls for a presidential election with Abdulla Yameen winning the election with 51.3% of the vote. ](/news/2013/11/16/voters-in-the-maldives-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-abdulla-yameen-winning-the-election-with-51-3-of-the-vote.md) _Context: Maldives_
