### [2012-11-13](/news/2012/11/13/index.md)

# A total solar eclipse occurred in parts of Australia and the South Pacific. The most populous city to experience totality was Cairns. 

Tens of thousands of tourists and astronomers gathered in northern Australia to glimpse a rare total solar eclipse.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-20320667)

### Related:

1. [ Australia sends AU$1.2m to Nauru so that the Pacific island-state can pay its public servants before Christmas in a move that Foreign Minister Alexander Downer says illustrates the need for long-term solutions to the island's deep-seated problems. [http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2003/12/19/1071337160714.html]](/news/2003/12/19/australia-sends-au-1-2m-to-nauru-so-that-the-pacific-island-state-can-pay-its-public-servants-before-christmas-in-a-move-that-foreign-minis.md) _Context: Australia, Pacific_
2. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
3. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash: Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
4. [Child marriage in Australia: An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/child-marriage-in-australia-an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-ht.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [Manus Regional Processing Centre: Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/manus-regional-processing-centre-australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-isl.md) _Context: Australia_
6. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
7. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [Australian nationality law: Australia adds stricter requirements to its citizenship application process, including harder tests on English language skills and the requirement that a migrant be able to demonstrate "Australian values". ](/news/2017/04/20/australian-nationality-law-australia-adds-stricter-requirements-to-its-citizenship-application-process-including-harder-tests-on-english-l.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Cyclone Debbie: The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/cyclone-debbie-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-ri.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia_
