### [2012-11-13](/news/2012/11/13/index.md)

# Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. 

Israel and Hamas agree to hold their fire unless attacked; Defense Minister Barak praises &quot;resilience&quot; of rocket-wracked South.


### Source:

1. [JPost](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=291678)

### Related:

1. [Hamas militants fire two Qassam rockets and mortar rounds into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Israeli aircraft then bombed a smuggling tunnel under the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt.](/news/2010/09/15/hamas-militants-fire-two-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-rounds-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-israeli-aircraft-then-bombed-a-smuggling-tunnel-u.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
2. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
3. [ Ehud Barak, the new Minister for Defense, states that Israel will admit "humanitarian cases" of Palestinians fleeing the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/20/ehud-barak-the-new-minister-for-defense-states-that-israel-will-admit-humanitarian-cases-of-palestinians-fleeing-the-hamas-controlled-g.md) _Context: Ehud Barak, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
6. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Hamas, Israel_
