### [2012-11-13](/news/2012/11/13/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Three Syrian tanks have entered the demilitarized zone in the Golan Heights. Israel has launched a formal complaint to the United Nations. 




### Source:

1. [France24](http://www.france24.com/fr/20121113-paris-syrie-hollande-nouvelle-coalition-opposition-bachar-al-assad-livraisons-armes-asl)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/three-syrian-tanks-enter-demilitarized-zone-in-golan-heights.premium-1.474080)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:. Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-four-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-is.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian civil war. Israel-Syria relations. Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War:. The al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front releases dozens of Fijian United Nations peacekeepers captured near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2014/09/11/syrian-civil-war-the-al-qaeda-linked-nusra-front-releases-dozens-of-fijian-united-nations-peacekeepers-captured-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Syrian Civil War:. Thirty-two United Nations peacekeepers from the Philippines were evacuated under fire from the Golan Heights border checkpoint between Syria and Israel, while others remain under fire from groups including the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2014/08/31/syrian-civil-war-thirty-two-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-the-philippines-were-evacuated-under-fire-from-the-golan-heights-border-check.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War:. United Nations peacekeepers from Austria start withdrawing from the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/06/12/syrian-civil-war-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-austria-start-withdrawing-from-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian civil war:. Israeli warplanes bomb a Syrian weapons facility in an overnight attack. ](/news/2013/05/3/syrian-civil-war-israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-syrian-weapons-facility-in-an-overnight-attack.md) _Context: Israel, Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:. Israel and Syria exchange gunfire on the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/21/syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-gunfire-on-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:. Gunfire from conflict in Syria hits an Israeli army position in the Golan Heights, prompting return fire. ](/news/2012/11/18/syrian-civil-war-gunfire-from-conflict-in-syria-hits-an-israeli-army-position-in-the-golan-heights-prompting-return-fire.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Israeli forces fire on pro-Palestinian protesters attempting to breach the Syrian-Israeli border in the Golan Heights on Naksa Day, marking the anniversary of the 1967 Six Day War; Syrian sources claim that close to 20 people are killed and over 325 injured, while Israeli officials confirm at least 12 injures. ](/news/2011/06/5/israeli-forces-fire-on-pro-palestinian-protesters-attempting-to-breach-the-syrian-israeli-border-in-the-golan-heights-on-naksa-day-marking.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
