### [2012-01-17](/news/2012/01/17/index.md)

# Officials in Burma order the military to stop offensives in ethnic minority areas. 




### Source:

1. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/asia/275555/burma-army-told-no-attacks-in-conflict-areas)

### Related:

1. [Jailed Islamist cleric Abu Bakar Bashir threatens to wage war in Burma following alleged abuses by Buddhists against the country's Rohingya people by the Tatmadaw, in a letter to Burmese president Thein Sein. ](/news/2012/08/4/jailed-islamist-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-threatens-to-wage-war-in-burma-following-alleged-abuses-by-buddhists-against-the-country-s-rohingya.md) _Context: Burma, Myanmar's military_
2. [Burmese President Thein Sein meets representative from the Karen National Union, in an attempt to end one of the world's longest running civil conflicts. ](/news/2012/04/7/burmese-president-thein-sein-meets-representative-from-the-karen-national-union-in-an-attempt-to-end-one-of-the-world-s-longest-running-civ.md) _Context: Burma, Internal conflict in Burma_
3. [Than Shwe, the former head of Burma's State Peace and Development Council, retires as the head of the Myanmar military. ](/news/2011/04/4/than-shwe-the-former-head-of-burma-s-state-peace-and-development-council-retires-as-the-head-of-the-myanmar-military.md) _Context: Burma, Myanmar's military_
4. [ The Thai army is sent to reinforce positions along Thailand's border with Burma after an influx of Karen refugees following a Burmese army offensive in Karen state. ](/news/2009/06/10/the-thai-army-is-sent-to-reinforce-positions-along-thailand-s-border-with-burma-after-an-influx-of-karen-refugees-following-a-burmese-army.md) _Context: Burma, Internal conflict in Burma_
5. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
6. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
7. [Internal conflict in Myanmar. At least 8 people are killed and more than a dozen others are injured following an attack on Tatmadaw checkpoints, police outposts and the 105th Mile Trade Center by several insurgent groups in Muse, Shan State. The State Counselor's office issues a statement claiming that the Kachin Independence Army, Ta'ang National Liberation Army and Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army were involved in the attack. ](/news/2016/11/20/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-at-least-8-people-are-killed-and-more-than-a-dozen-others-are-injured-following-an-attack-on-tatmadaw-checkpoi.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
8. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military chief, pledges to work with the new civilian government that takes over the Southeast Asian country next week, after 54 years of direct or indirect rule by the military. ](/news/2016/03/27/myanmar-general-election-2015-senior-general-min-aung-hlaing-myanmar-s-military-chief-pledges-to-work-with-the-new-civilian-government-t.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
9. [Three candidates are put forward to become President of Myanmar: Htin Kyaw and Sai Nyunt Lwin from the National League for Democracy and Khin Aung Myint from the military. ](/news/2016/03/10/three-candidates-are-put-forward-to-become-president-of-myanmar-htin-kyaw-and-sai-nyunt-lwin-from-the-national-league-for-democracy-and-khi.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
10. [Myanmar general election, 2015. Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-general-election-2015-myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago.md) _Context: Myanmar's military_
