### [2005-01-28](/news/2005/01/28/index.md)

#  President of Ireland Mary McAleese causes an uproar when she says that Nazis taught their children to hate Jews like Northern Ireland Protestants taught theirs to hate Irish Catholics 

President Mary McAleese has found herself at the centre of a row with unionists, following remarks made in an interview on RTÉ&#39;s Morning Ireland programme.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4214263.stm)
2. [Ireland Online](http://212.2.162.45/news/story.asp?j=131791138&p=y3y79y844&n=131791898)
3. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2005/0127/mcaleese.html)

### Related:

1. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Catholic, Ireland_
2. [The death of a pregnant woman from septicaemia in an Irish hospital prompts international outrage, protests and condemnation. University College Hospital Galway refused numerous requests from Savita Halappanavar and her family for an abortion on the grounds that "this is a Catholic country." ](/news/2012/11/14/the-death-of-a-pregnant-woman-from-septicaemia-in-an-irish-hospital-prompts-international-outrage-protests-and-condemnation-university-col.md) _Context: Catholic, Ireland_
3. [ President of Ireland Mary McAleese signs a bill confirming the nationalisation of Anglo Irish Bank. ](/news/2009/01/21/president-of-ireland-mary-mcaleese-signs-a-bill-confirming-the-nationalisation-of-anglo-irish-bank.md) _Context: Ireland, Mary McAleese_
4. [ International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http://www.theage.com.au/news/editorial/un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close/2006/02/17/1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http://www.guardian.co.uk/guantanamo/story/0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News/News (Toronto Star)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0217/guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a-re.md) _Context: Ireland, Northern Ireland_
5. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [Killing of Patricia O'Connor: The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/killing-of-patricia-o-connor-the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-tod.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
8. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Ireland_
