### [2010-02-25](/news/2010/02/25/index.md)

# Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva tours Haiti to monitor the destruction caused by the recent earthquake and meets President Rene Preval. 




### Source:

1. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=119496&sectionid=351020706)

### Related:

1. [President of Haiti Rene Preval, speaking in the Dominican Republic, calls on donors to deliver on their promises to give aid at a meeting in the United States in March following the 2010 Haiti earthquake as only Brazil has delivered its entire pledge of $55 million. ](/news/2010/06/3/president-of-haiti-rena-c-pra-c-val-speaking-in-the-dominican-republic-calls-on-donors-to-deliver-on-their-promises-to-give-aid-at-a-meeting.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Brazil, President of Haiti, Rene Preval_
2. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula_
3. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/operation-car-wash-brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-l.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula_
4. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula_
5. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula_
6. [President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva signs a decree promising Brazil's co-operation with United Nations sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2010/08/11/president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-signs-a-decree-promising-brazil-s-co-operation-with-united-nations-sanctions-against-iran.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula_
7. [ Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva arrives in Bolivia with a "strong tone-down message". ](/news/2009/08/22/brazilian-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-arrives-in-bolivia-with-a-strong-tone-down-message.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President, Lula_
8. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
9. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Brazilian President_
10. [ Corruption investigation of Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Testimony begins in a corruption case against former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2016/11/21/corruption-investigation-of-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-testimony-begins-in-a-corruption-case-against-former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-c.md) _Context: Brazilian President, Lula_
