### [2012-06-12](/news/2012/06/12/index.md)

# John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. 

Rupert Murdoch warned John Major to change his policy on Europe or his papers would not support him, the former PM tells the Leveson Inquiry.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18405629)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2012/jun/12/john-major-leveson-inquiry-rupert-murdoch)

### Related:

1. [Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-express-deal-between-blair.md) _Context: 1997 general election, Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch, Tony Blair_
2. [Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-rupert-murdoch-afte.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
3. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-mur.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch, Tony Blair_
4. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
5. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
6. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
7. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Prime Minister_
8. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-kep.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
9. [Personal documents released from the papers of Margaret Thatcher show the former British Prime Minister held a private meeting with Rupert Murdoch at Chequers weeks before his purchase of Times Newspapers in 1981. ](/news/2012/03/17/personal-documents-released-from-the-papers-of-margaret-thatcher-show-the-former-british-prime-minister-held-a-private-meeting-with-rupert-m.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the "News of the World" phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Rupert Murdoch_
