### [2012-06-12](/news/2012/06/12/index.md)

# Scientists announce creation of a new chemical compound, NOTT-202, capable of selectively absorbing carbon dioxide. 

Scientists report the development of a novel material that soaks up gases like a sponge at high temperatures, but retains CO2 as the pressure is reduced.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-18396655)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/60842000/jpg/_60842625_60842624.jpg)

### Related:

1. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C C O. The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-a-greenhouse-ga.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
2. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
3. [An analysis of data detected by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter of the LCROSS impact last October finds the presence of carbon monoxide in Cabeus Crater in higher concentrations than the approximately 155 kg of water ice and water vapour, more than initially estimated, in addition to two hydroxyl flavours and smaller quantities of hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, methane, formaldehyde, mercury, magnesium, calcium, sodium, hydrogen gas, and possibly ammonia, ethylene and silver. ](/news/2010/10/21/an-analysis-of-data-detected-by-the-lunar-reconnaissance-orbiter-of-the-lcross-impact-last-october-finds-the-presence-of-carbon-monoxide-in.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
4. [ The International Day of Climate Action occurred worldwide in prelude to the United Nations Climate Change Conference of 2009, with over 5,400 actions to raise awareness of the assertion that 350 ppm is the maximum safe level of carbon dioxide in Earth's atmosphere, and call for mitigation of global warming before Earth reaches a climatological tipping point. ](/news/2009/10/24/the-international-day-of-climate-action-occurred-worldwide-in-prelude-to-the-united-nations-climate-change-conference-of-2009-with-over-5.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
5. [ Scientists say they have found evidence for water vapour and carbon dioxide in the atmosphere of the extrasolar planet HD 189733 b. ](/news/2008/12/10/scientists-say-they-have-found-evidence-for-water-vapour-and-carbon-dioxide-in-the-atmosphere-of-the-extrasolar-planet-hd-189733-b.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
6. [ U.S. climate scientists working for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration have recorded a significant rise in the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, pushing it to a new record level. ](/news/2006/03/13/u-s-climate-scientists-working-for-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-have-recorded-a-significant-rise-in-the-concentrati.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
7. [ Three European researchers say that if Greenland's average temperature were to increase by 3&nbsp;C (5.4&nbsp;F) or more, its massive ice sheet would melt, gradually swamping coastal communities as seas rise 7 metres (23 feet) over the next 1,000 years. They hypothesize that the upward trend of worldwide carbon dioxide emissions could cause this. ](/news/2004/04/11/three-european-researchers-say-that-if-greenland-s-average-temperature-were-to-increase-by-3-nbsp-degc-5-4-nbsp-degf-or-more-its-massive-ice.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
8. [ Measurements taken at Mauna Loa Observatory show carbon dioxide readings of 379 parts per million, up by 3 ppm in one year; average increase for the past decade has been 1.8 ppm. The reason for this accelerated buildup in a greenhouse gas requires further analysis. ](/news/2004/03/21/measurements-taken-at-mauna-loa-observatory-show-carbon-dioxide-readings-of-379-parts-per-million-up-by-3-ppm-in-one-year-average-increas.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
9. [ The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency declassifies carbon dioxide as a pollutant, a move seen as leading to the elimination of restrictions on industrial emissions of the controversial gas. Climate scientists have debated carbon dioxide's role in global warming for over a decade, with most voices (though notably fewer within the US) calling it the biggest factor, while others call it negligible. ](/news/2003/08/31/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-declassifies-carbon-dioxide-as-a-pollutant-a-move-seen-as-leading-to-the-elimination-of-restricti.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
