### [2012-06-12](/news/2012/06/12/index.md)

# The World Health Organization (WHO) concludes that diesel exhaust causes cancer. 

Exhaust fumes from diesel engines do cause cancer, a panel of experts working for the World Health Organization says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-18415532)

### Related:

1. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: World Health Organization, cancer_
2. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
3. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
5. [The World Health Organization (WHO) states that 92% of the world's population lives in air pollution levels surpassing the organization's limits. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-world-health-organization-who-states-that-92-of-the-world-s-population-lives-in-air-pollution-levels-surpassing-the-organization-s-li.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
6. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [  The World Health Organization confirms that the Zika virus strain spreading in Cape Verde is the same as the one in the Americas. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-world-health-organization-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-strain-spreading-in-cape-verde-is-the-same-as-the-one-in-the-americas.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
