### [2012-06-12](/news/2012/06/12/index.md)

# Voters in the 8th congressional district in the US state of Arizona go to the polls for a special election caused by the resignation of Gabrielle Giffords due to health reasons with Democrat Ron Barber duly elected. 

Democrat Ron Barber defeated Republican Jesse Kelly in an emotionally charged and nationally watched special election.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/house-races/232461-former-giffords-aide-wins-race-to-replace-her)

### Related:

1. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Arizona, Democratic Party_
2. [Representative Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona announces her resignation from office to focus on her recovery after surviving an attempted assassination in 2011. ](/news/2012/01/22/representative-gabrielle-giffords-of-arizona-announces-her-resignation-from-office-to-focus-on-her-recovery-after-surviving-an-attempted-ass.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords_
3. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords_
4. [Jared L. Loughner pleads not guilty to orchestrating the 2011 Tucson shooting and the attempted murder of United States Democratic Representative Gabrielle Giffords. ](/news/2011/01/24/jared-l-loughner-pleads-not-guilty-to-orchestrating-the-2011-tucson-shooting-and-the-attempted-murder-of-united-states-democratic-represent.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Gabrielle Giffords_
5. [A United States Federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner for attempted murder of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and two of her aides with further charges pending. ](/news/2011/01/19/a-united-states-federal-grand-jury-indicts-jared-lee-loughner-for-attempted-murder-of-arizona-congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-and-two-of-he.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: Arizona, Democratic Party_
7. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
8. [A gunman opens fire at a Congressional Baseball practice, injuring five people, including United States Congressman Steve Scalise (R-LA-01) who is in critical condition. Only Republicans were on the field at that time; Democrats had practiced earlier. The suspected gunman later died from injuries after exchanging gunfire with Capitol Police. ](/news/2017/06/14/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-congressional-baseball-practice-injuring-five-people-including-united-states-congressman-steve-scalise-r-la-01.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
9. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
10. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
