### [2003-11-1](/news/2003/11/1/index.md)

#  North Korea nuclear weapons program: A North Korean defector to the South says the US cannot trust Pyongyang to stick to any deal about nuclear weapons.




### Related:

1. [North Korea nuclear weapons program: North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su-hon announces at the UN General Assembly that it has turned plutonium from 8,000 spent fuel rods into nuclear weapons as a deterrent against the U.S. nuclear threat. Six-nation talks on the nuclear issue, which were due to have resumed before October, have been suspended. Analysts believe North Korea has ruled out further talks until after the U.S. presidential election in November. ](/news/2004/09/28/north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-north-korean-vice-foreign-minister-choe-su-hon-announces-at-the-un-general-assembly-that-it-has-turned.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
2. [ North Korea nuclear weapons program: The CIA says North Korea already has one or two nuclear devices and does not need to test them to confirm they are viable.](/news/2003/11/8/north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-the-cia-says-north-korea-already-has-one-or-two-nuclear-devices-and-does-not-need-to-test-them-to-conf.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
3. [ North Korea nuclear weapons program: United States allies in Asia and Europe agree to stop cooperation on nuclear power plant project. They suspend a multibillion-dollar project to build two nuclear power reactors in North Korea. Japan, South Korea, the United States, and the European Union will announce the fate of the project by November 21.](/news/2003/11/5/north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-united-states-allies-in-asia-and-europe-agree-to-stop-cooperation-on-nuclear-power-plant-project-they.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
4. [ North Korea crisis: The United States says it is willing to give North Korea security assurances in exchange for a nuclear standdown. U.S. President Bush rules out a non-aggression treaty demanded by Pyongyang.](/news/2003/10/19/north-korea-crisis-the-united-states-says-it-is-willing-to-give-north-korea-security-assurances-in-exchange-for-a-nuclear-standdown-u-s.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
5. [ Nuclear program: North Korea announces that it is in possession of nuclear weapons, has the means to deliver them, and will soon be carrying out a nuclear test to demonstrate this capability.](/news/2003/08/28/nuclear-program-north-korea-announces-that-it-is-in-possession-of-nuclear-weapons-has-the-means-to-deliver-them-and-will-soon-be-carryin.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
6. [ North Korea agrees to multilateral talks in its nuclear standoff with Japan, South Korea, Russia, The United States, and the People's Republic of China.](/news/2003/08/1/north-korea-agrees-to-multilateral-talks-in-its-nuclear-standoff-with-japan-south-korea-russia-the-united-states-and-the-people-s-repub.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
7. [ A Bush administration official announces that the United States, People's Republic of China, and North Korea will meet in Beijing from April 23 to April 24 to discuss North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program. The United States had refused bilateral discussions with North Korea since October 2002, insisting on multinational talks. The United States will be represented by Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly.](/news/2003/04/16/a-bush-administration-official-announces-that-the-united-states-people-s-republic-of-china-and-north-korea-will-meet-in-beijing-from-apri.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
8. [ North Korea nuclear weapons program: Officials from the United States state that North Korea reactivated a reactor at its main nuclear complex.](/news/2003/02/26/north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-officials-from-the-united-states-state-that-north-korea-reactivated-a-reactor-at-its-main-nuclear-comp.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
9. [ U.S. officials announce the existence of a clandestine North Korea nuclear weapons program, admitted to by North Korean officials.](/news/2002/10/17/u-s-officials-announce-the-existence-of-a-clandestine-north-korea-nuclear-weapons-program-admitted-to-by-north-korean-officials.md) _Context: North Korea nuclear weapons program_
