### [2003-11-1](/news/2003/11/1/index.md)

#  The October Taylor Nelson Sofres / EOS Gallup EU poll reportedly shows that 59% of Europeans think that Israel is a threat to world peace (greater threat to world peace than North Korea, Iran, or Afghanistan). Also according to the poll, Europeans believe the United States surpasses the "axis of evil" (i.e., Iran, Iraq, and North Korea) and Afghanistan for countries that contribute most to world instability. Around 7,500 people from 15 different European countries were surveyed. Some of the results not yet published are still reportedly ""unstable"". Representatives will be meeting the EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana to discuss the results of the poll and issues around combating anti-Semitism in Europe.




### Related:

1. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Israel_
2. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq_
3. [The Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) asks China to pressure Israel to have its nuclear sites inspected during the forthcoming international nuclear conference, saying "world silence on the issue of the Israeli nuclear capabilities is creating tension in the region, especially with the relentless international focus on Iran and North Korea". ](/news/2010/04/11/the-democratic-front-for-the-liberation-of-palestine-dflp-asks-china-to-pressure-israel-to-have-its-nuclear-sites-inspected-during-the-for.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, North Korea_
4. [ Javier Solana, foreign policy chief of the European Union, arrives in Tehran to talk with the Iranian Government about its plans to develop uranium enrichment facilities. ](/news/2006/06/5/javier-solana-foreign-policy-chief-of-the-european-union-arrives-in-tehran-to-talk-with-the-iranian-government-about-its-plans-to-develop.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Javier Solana_
5. [ European Commission President Romano Prodi vows stronger action to combat anti-Semitism in Europe. Prodi states that some criticism of Israel was inspired by "what amounts to anti-Semitic sentiments and prejudice." Youths from the large Arab immigrant communities in France, Belgium and other European countries are blamed for the rise in attacks against Jews in Europe. The European Union's ](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.md) _Context: EU, Israel, anti-Semitism_
6. [ The European Commission comes out with another Eurobarometer, a survey of EU citizens. According to the survey, most Europeans think that the war in Iraq is not justified, that UN should supervise Iraq and provide security, and that U.S. should pay for the rebuilding of Iraq. As to which countries pose a threat to world peace, 59% think it is Israel, and 53% that it is the United States.](/news/2003/11/3/the-european-commission-comes-out-with-another-eurobarometer-a-survey-of-eu-citizens-according-to-the-survey-most-europeans-think-that-t.md) _Context: EU, Iraq, Israel_
7. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
8. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
9. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Iran, Israel_
10. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Iraq_
