### [2013-07-8](/news/2013/07/8/index.md)

# After six days with temperatures over 40degC (104degF), Portugal officially has a heat wave. Temperatures have reached as high as 45degC in some places in Alentejo and Ribatejo.




### Related:

1. [A small Swiss-owned plane crashes in the Portuguese village of Tires, west of Lisbon, killing at least five people. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-small-swiss-owned-plane-crashes-in-the-portuguese-village-of-tires-west-of-lisbon-killing-at-least-five-people.md) _Context: Portuguese_
2. [Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacing-south-korea-s-ban-ki-moon.md) _Context: Portuguese_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Portugal Antonio Guterres is sworn in as the new United Nations Secretary General. ](/news/2016/12/12/former-prime-minister-of-portugal-anta3nio-guterres-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-united-nations-secretary-general.md) _Context: Portuguese_
4. [A raging wildfire destroys dozens of homes and prompts the evacuation of more than 400 people from Portugal's Madeira island as flames spread near the island's capital, Funchal. Regional President Miguel Albuquerque says one person had suffered serious burns and scores of others had needed treatment for the effects of smoke. Flights have also been disrupted at Madeira Airport due to smoke. ](/news/2016/08/9/a-raging-wildfire-destroys-dozens-of-homes-and-prompts-the-evacuation-of-more-than-400-people-from-portugal-s-madeira-island-as-flames-sprea.md) _Context: Portuguese_
5. [A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually  hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-by-the-el-nia-o-season-te.md) _Context: heat wave_
6. [One person is brain dead and five people are critically ill in Rennes, France, from a clinical trial of an experimental drug made by Portuguese drug company Bial. The six men, aged 28 to 49, had been in good health prior to the start of this test. All trials on the drug are suspended.  ](/news/2016/01/15/one-person-is-brain-dead-and-five-people-are-critically-ill-in-rennes-france-from-a-clinical-trial-of-an-experimental-drug-made-by-portugu.md) _Context: Portuguese_
7. [Portuguese legislative election, 2015 Exit polls show Portugal's center-right government, in its first contest since tough austerity measures were launched to combat a debt crisis, is headed for victory, but, could lose its majority in parliament. ](/news/2015/10/4/portuguese-legislative-election-2015-pexit-polls-show-portugalas-center-right-government-in-its-first-contest-since-tough-austerity-meas.md) _Context: Portuguese_
8. [Tropical Storm Fred's predicted track will turn northeast toward the Azores islands off the coast of Portugal as a Tropical Depression. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-fred-s-predicted-track-will-turn-northeast-toward-the-azores-islands-off-the-coast-of-portugal-as-a-tropical-depression.md) _Context: Portuguese_
9. [The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy-rains-and-possible-floods-in-the-un.md) _Context: Portuguese_
10. [A heat wave affecting the Middle East causes almost 100 deaths in Egypt. ](/news/2015/08/17/a-heat-wave-affecting-the-middle-east-causes-almost-100-deaths-in-egypt.md) _Context: heat wave_
