### [2013-07-8](/news/2013/07/8/index.md)

# Pope Francis visits the tiny Italian island of Lampedusa, holds a mass to pay tribute to the many immigrants who have drowned trying to reach Europe and condemns the "global indifference" to their plight. 

Pope Francis visits the tiny Italian island of Lampedusa and urges help for desperate migrants who risk their lives getting there.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-23224010)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jul/08/pope-globalisation-of-indifference-lampedusa)

### Related:

1. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
2. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka "The General", leader of one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to -5,000 (GBP3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-euro.md) _Context: Italian, Lampedusa_
3. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
4. [Authorities arrest four Kosovo jihadists men, three in Italy and one in Kosovo, for making nonspecific threats against Pope Francis and the former U.S. Ambassador to Kosovo. The men are described by police as highly dangerous and as having celebrated the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/12/2/authorities-arrest-four-kosovo-jihadists-men-three-in-italy-and-one-in-kosovo-for-making-nonspecific-threats-against-pope-francis-and-the.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
5. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
6. [2013 Mediterranean Sea migrant shipwreck. A fire engulfs a boat carrying African migrants off the coast of Lampedusa, Italy, killing at least 114 people, 200 remain missing. ](/news/2013/10/3/2013-mediterranean-sea-migrant-shipwreck-a-fire-engulfs-a-boat-carrying-african-migrants-off-the-coast-of-lampedusa-italy-killing-at-leas.md) _Context: Italian, Lampedusa_
7. [As part of the Maundy Thursday service Pope Francis washes the feet of prisoners at a juvenile detention centre in Rome, Italy. ](/news/2013/03/28/as-part-of-the-maundy-thursday-service-pope-francis-washes-the-feet-of-prisoners-at-a-juvenile-detention-centre-in-rome-italy.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
8. [A ship carrying 300 African migrants headed for Malta runs aground near Lampedusa in Italy with many on board having to be rescued from the sea. ](/news/2011/05/8/a-ship-carrying-300-african-migrants-headed-for-malta-runs-aground-near-lampedusa-in-italy-with-many-on-board-having-to-be-rescued-from-the.md) _Context: Italian, Lampedusa_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war:. More than 400 people fleeing Libya and Tunisia arrive on the Italian island of Lampedusa in two boats, the latest in a stream of refugees fleeing the ongoing conflicts in North Africa. ](/news/2011/05/14/2011-libyan-civil-war-more-than-400-people-fleeing-libya-and-tunisia-arrive-on-the-italian-island-of-lampedusa-in-two-boats-the-latest-in.md) _Context: Italian, Lampedusa_
10. [Nearly 1,000 Tunisian refugees arrive on the Italian island of Lampedusa overnight, a day after the government declared a humanitarian emergency. ](/news/2011/02/13/nearly-1-000-tunisian-refugees-arrive-on-the-italian-island-of-lampedusa-overnight-a-day-after-the-government-declared-a-humanitarian-emerg.md) _Context: Italian, Lampedusa_
