### [2008-12-19](/news/2008/12/19/index.md)

#  Three resignations ensue when Anglo Irish Bank chairman Sean Fitzpatrick admits to concealing a total of EUR87 million in loans. 

David Drumm has resigned as chief executive of Anglo Irish Bank following last night&#39;s resignation of chairman Sean FitzPatrick.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2008/1219/anglo-business.html)

### Related:

1. [ Ireland's government intends to further recapitalize Anglo Irish Bank by EUR4 billion. ](/news/2009/05/29/ireland-s-government-intends-to-further-recapitalize-anglo-irish-bank-by-a-4-billion.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, EUR, the bank's nationalisation_
2. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen again announces he is not resigning amid continuing speculation of a motion of no confidence following his admission that he dined and played golf with Anglo Irish Bank chairman Sean FitzPatrick before the bank's nationalisation. ](/news/2011/01/13/taoiseach-brian-cowen-again-announces-he-is-not-resigning-amid-continuing-speculation-of-a-motion-of-no-confidence-following-his-admission-t.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, the bank's nationalisation_
3. [Former Chairman of Anglo Irish Bank Sean FitzPatrick is arrested and has his home searched under Section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act 1984 at his home in Greystones, County Wicklow. ](/news/2010/03/18/former-chairman-of-anglo-irish-bank-sean-fitzpatrick-is-arrested-and-has-his-home-searched-under-section-4-of-the-criminal-justice-act-1984.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, the bank's nationalisation_
4. [ The chairman of Anglo Irish Bank discloses to the Oireachtas Committee on Finance and Public Service that some senior staff at the bank have impaired loans to the bank. ](/news/2009/06/9/the-chairman-of-anglo-irish-bank-discloses-to-the-oireachtas-committee-on-finance-and-public-service-that-some-senior-staff-at-the-bank-hav.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, the bank's nationalisation_
5. [ Garda from Ireland's Criminal Investigation Bureau conduct a search for illegal documentation at the Anglo Irish Bank headquarters in Saint Stephen's Green, Dublin. ](/news/2009/02/24/gardai-from-ireland-s-criminal-investigation-bureau-conduct-a-search-for-illegal-documentation-at-the-anglo-irish-bank-headquarters-in-sain.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, the bank's nationalisation_
6. [ Irish Nationwide Chairman Michael Walsh resigns over his involvement in questionable loan arrangements with Anglo Irish Bank. ](/news/2009/02/17/irish-nationwide-chairman-michael-walsh-resigns-over-his-involvement-in-questionable-loan-arrangements-with-anglo-irish-bank.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, the bank's nationalisation_
7. [ President of Ireland Mary McAleese signs a bill confirming the nationalisation of Anglo Irish Bank. ](/news/2009/01/21/president-of-ireland-mary-mcaleese-signs-a-bill-confirming-the-nationalisation-of-anglo-irish-bank.md) _Context: Anglo Irish Bank, the bank's nationalisation_
8. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
