### [2008-12-19](/news/2008/12/19/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush's administration files a trade case to the World Trade Organization against the People's Republic of China over the alleged use of export subsidies to promote Chinese-made goods. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Fort Worth Star-Telegram](http://www.star-telegram.com/190/story/1104180.html)

### Related:

1. [ George W. Bush delivers his final State of the Union Address as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/01/28/george-w-bush-delivers-his-final-state-of-the-union-address-as-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Bush Administration, George W. Bush, United States President_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush attends a church service during his visit to People's Republic of China as he presses for greater freedoms of expression and faith during his east Asian tour. ](/news/2005/11/20/u-s-president-george-w-bush-attends-a-church-service-during-his-visit-to-people-s-republic-of-china-as-he-presses-for-greater-freedoms-of.md) _Context: Chinese, George W. Bush, United States President_
3. [ President of the People's Republic of China Hu Jintao meets with U.S. President George W. Bush  at the United Nations during the Leaders' Gathering in honor of the 60th Anniversary of the UN's founding. ](/news/2005/09/13/president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-meets-with-u-s-president-george-w-bush-at-the-united-nations-during-the-leaders-g.md) _Context: Chinese, George W. Bush, United States President_
4. [Facing the threat of a trade war, U.S. President George W. Bush lifts 20-month-old tariffs on foreign steel. Within minutes of the announcement, the European Union announces that it is lifting its threat of sanctions on $2.2 billion of U.S. products that would have taken effect in mid-December based on a ruling from the World Trade Organization that the tariffs were in violation of global trade rules. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=544&e=1&u=/ap/20031204/ap_on_go_pr_wh/bush_steel]](/news/2003/12/4/facing-the-threat-of-a-trade-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-lifts-20-month-old-tariffs-on-foreign-steel-within-minutes-of-the-announcem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President, World Trade Organization_
5. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
6. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
7. [The President of the United States is set to meet with the Dalai Lama in Washington DC despite a warning from the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-is-set-to-meet-with-the-dalai-lama-in-washington-dc-despite-a-warning-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: Chinese, United States President_
8. [ABC News reports that President Barack Obama will nominate the United States Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke as the next United States ambassador to the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2011/03/7/abc-news-reports-that-president-barack-obama-will-nominate-the-united-states-secretary-of-commerce-gary-locke-as-the-next-united-states-amba.md) _Context: Chinese, United States President_
9. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
10. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
