### [2004-01-11](/news/2004/01/11/index.md)

#  Exploration of Mars: NASA's "Spirit" rover now has its arm and all six of its wheels free, and only a single cable must be cut before it can turn and roll off its lander onto the soil of Mars. As that milestone is completed, scientists are taking opportunities to take extra pictures and gather other data.




### Related:

1. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit, route_
2. [NASA scientists are planning to capture a 500 ton near-Earth asteroid, relocate it and turn it into a space station for astronauts on their route to Mars after 2025. ](/news/2012/12/27/nasa-scientists-are-planning-to-capture-a-500-ton-near-earth-asteroid-relocate-it-and-turn-it-into-a-space-station-for-astronauts-on-their.md) _Context: NASA, route_
3. [ Michael D. Griffin, the current Administrator of NASA, announces the agency will concentrate more on the outer Solar System and less on Mars exploration, due to cuts to its 2009-2012 budget. ](/news/2008/03/15/michael-d-griffin-the-current-administrator-of-nasa-announces-the-agency-will-concentrate-more-on-the-outer-solar-system-and-less-on-mar.md) _Context: NASA, route_
4. [ NASA announces that the mission of Spirit and Opportunity will be extended by five months. ](/news/2004/04/8/nasa-announces-that-the-mission-of-spirit-and-opportunity-will-be-extended-by-five-months.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
5. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA announces that Mars rover "Opportunity" landed in an area where "liquid water once drenched the surface". ](/news/2004/03/2/exploration-of-mars-nasa-announces-that-mars-rover-opportunity-landed-in-an-area-where-liquid-water-once-drenched-the-surface.md) _Context: NASA, route_
6. [ Exploration of Mars: Engineers at JPL decide to turn the Mars Spirit Rover around on its lander after it was found the airbags could not be retracted enough to allow it to move off in a forward direction. It is expected the rover will drive off sometime next week. The Rover has also stood up and deployed its front wheels.](/news/2004/01/9/exploration-of-mars-engineers-at-jpl-decide-to-turn-the-mars-spirit-rover-around-on-its-lander-after-it-was-found-the-airbags-could-not-be.md) _Context: Spirit, route_
7. [ Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).](/news/2004/01/4/exploration-of-mars-american-mars-probe-spirit-mission-is-successful-and-is-sending-back-images-spirit-is-alive-after-rolling-to-a-stop.md) _Context: NASA, route_
8. [ NASA isolates the flash memory aboard "Spirit" as the most probable cause of communications problems; work continues on a method to operate the rover without it. MER-B "Opportunity" successfully lands on Mars and continues communications through all stages.](/news/2004/01/24/nasa-isolates-the-flash-memory-aboard-spirit-as-the-most-probable-cause-of-communications-problems-work-continues-on-a-method-to-operate.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
9. [ NASA's Spirit rover communicated with Earth in a signal detected by NASA's Deep Space Network antenna complex near Madrid, Spain, at 12:34 Universal Time (4:34 am PST) this morning. The transmissions came during a communication window about 90 minutes after Spirit woke up for the morning on Mars. The signal lasted for 10 minutes at a data rate of 10 bits per second. Mission controllers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, plan to send commands to Spirit seeking additional data from the spacecraft during the subsequent few hours. The flight team for NASA's Spirit received data from the rover in another communication session that began at 13:26 Universal Time (5:26 am PST) and lasted 20 minutes at a data rate of 120 bits per second.](/news/2004/01/23/nasa-s-spirit-rover-communicated-with-earth-in-a-signal-detected-by-nasa-s-deep-space-network-antenna-complex-near-madrid-spain-at-12-34.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
10. [ Exploration of Mars: The Spirit Rover has rolled off its lander to start its exploration. The first journey was only three metres. It took the rover about 78 seconds, ending with the back of the rover being 0.7 metres from the lander.](/news/2004/01/15/exploration-of-mars-the-spirit-rover-has-rolled-off-its-lander-to-start-its-exploration-the-first-journey-was-only-three-metres-it-took.md) _Context: Spirit, route_
