
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.json)  [XML](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.xml)  

### [2005-10-31](/news/2005/10/31/index.md)

##### Israeli-Palestinian Conflict
#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 3 Palestinian militants die following an Israeli attack in the West Bank city of Jenin. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4389920.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinian militants have died following an Israeli raid into the West Bank area of Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-militants-have-died-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-area-of-tulkarm.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during-after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5237620.stm (BBC NEWS)] The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5238162.stm (BBC NEWS)] An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-pages-ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=745563 (Haaretz)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5239568.stm (BBC NEWS)] A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745563.html (Haaretz)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.allheadlinenews.com-articles-7004412825 (AHN)] A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745276.html (Haaretz)] Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-newsitems-200608-s1703813.htm (ABC News Australia)] North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.](/news/2006/08/2/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-said-that-there-will-be-no-ceasefire-in-lebanon-until-an-international-force-is-deployed-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Israel, Jenin, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian militant Khaled Abu Sitta is killed and three others injured when Sitta's car explodes in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian sources say the explosion was caused by an Israeli air strike, although the Israeli Defense Force denies any involvement but admits bombing roads and bridges and shooting dead a suspect.](/news/2005/12/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militant-khaled-abu-sitta-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-when-sitta-s-car-explodes-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian Conflict, West Bank_
