### [2005-10-31](/news/2005/10/31/index.md)

#  Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces his fifth cabinet. Shinzo Abe, former Secretary General of the Liberal Democratic Party, becomes Chief Cabinet Secretary and is widely speculated to be Koizumi's chosen successor. Former Interior Minister Taro Aso becomes Foreign Minister, and is replaced by former economic advisor Heizo Takenaka. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4391776.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Shinzo Abe is elected as party leader of the Liberal Democratic Party in Japan, replacing the current Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. He will likely be elected as the new prime minister on 30 September 2006. ](/news/2006/09/20/shinzo-abe-is-elected-as-party-leader-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-in-japan-replacing-the-current-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-he.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [ Japanese Cabinet Secretary Shinzo Abe announces that if elected president of the Liberal Democratic Party, and thus Prime Minister, he will propose an amendment to the pacifist Constitution of Japan allowing Japanese troops to be sent overseas. Abe currently leads in polls over candidates Taro Aso and Sadakazu Tanigaki by about 30%. ([http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060822p2a00m0na016000c.html Mainichi Daily News])](/news/2006/08/22/japanese-cabinet-secretary-shinzo-abe-announces-that-if-elected-president-of-the-liberal-democratic-party-and-thus-prime-minister-he-will.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, Taro Aso_
3. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
4. [ Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election, 2008: Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party chooses former Foreign Minister of Japan Taro Aso as the next Prime Minister of Japan replacing Yasuo Fukuda. ](/news/2008/09/22/liberal-democratic-party-japan-leadership-election-2008-japan-s-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-chooses-former-foreign-minister-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Taro Aso_
5. [Economy of Japan: The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/economy-of-japan-the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [Japanese general election, 2014: Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-general-election-2014-japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [ Japan's Prime Minister-elect Yukio Hatoyama proposes a 25% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, up from 8% by the outgoing administration. ](/news/2009/09/7/japan-s-prime-minister-elect-yukio-hatoyama-proposes-a-25-cut-in-greenhouse-gas-emissions-by-2020-up-from-8-by-the-outgoing-administrati.md) _Context: Japan, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister of Japan_
