### [2003-07-11](/news/2003/07/11/index.md)

#  Zahra Kazemi, an Iranian-born Canadian journalist, dies of injuries received from a beating while in Iranian custody. She had been arrested on June 23 while taking photographs outside an Iranian prison. Her death sparks a furor between Canada and Iran over the disposition of her body and the punishment of her killers, and among international free speech groups concerned with freedom of the press in Iran.




### Related:

1. [ Representatives of the government of Canada withdraw from a business conference with Iran in protest of the case of deceased journalist Zahra Kazemi. Kazemi died in Iranian police custody and Iranian refugee doctor Shahram Azam says that she had extensive injuries and had been tortured. Iranian officials deny the charges. Canada has unsuccessfully demanded return of Kazemi's body. ](/news/2005/04/7/representatives-of-the-government-of-canada-withdraw-from-a-business-conference-with-iran-in-protest-of-the-case-of-deceased-journalist-zah.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
2. [ Two Iranian intelligence officers are charged in connection with the death of Canadian photojournalist Zahra Kazemi.](/news/2003/08/25/two-iranian-intelligence-officers-are-charged-in-connection-with-the-death-of-canadian-photojournalist-zahra-kazemi.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
3. [ Zahra Kazemi affair: Bill Graham, the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs, announces that Ms. Kazemi's body has been buried in Iran, contrary to her family's wishes. Consequently, Canada has recalled its ambassador to Iran.](/news/2003/07/23/zahra-kazemi-affair-bill-graham-the-canadian-minister-of-foreign-affairs-announces-that-ms-kazemi-s-body-has-been-buried-in-iran-contr.md) _Context: Iran, Zahra Kazemi_
4. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran_
5. [Qatar restores diplomatic ties with Iran. Tehran welcomes the move. ](/news/2017/08/24/qatar-restores-diplomatic-ties-with-iran-tehran-welcomes-the-move.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
