### [2005-09-29](/news/2005/09/29/index.md)

#  The High Court of Australia has found that it is inappropriate for the court to judge whether the Howard Government's unapproved spending on an advertising blitz promoting the controversial industrial relations reform is unlawful. The case was brought by the Australian Labor Party and trade unions. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200509/s1471271.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Australian federal election, 2007:: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)]: John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: John Howard, Labor Party_
2. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: John Howard, Labor Party_
3. [ Mark Latham is elected to succeed Simon Crean as the new leader of the opposition Australian Labor Party, defeating former leader Kim Beazley by 47 votes to 45. In 2004 Latham will face Liberal Prime Minister John Howard at a general election. [http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2003/12/02/1070127386800.html]](/news/2003/12/2/mark-latham-is-elected-to-succeed-simon-crean-as-the-new-leader-of-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeating-former-leader-kim-beazl.md) _Context: John Howard, Labor Party_
4. [Western Australian state election, 2017: After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/western-australian-state-election-2017-after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-electio.md) _Context: Labor Party_
5. [The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-rod-culleton-was-ineligible-for-election-as-a-candidate-for-pauline-hanson-s-one-nation-party-in-west.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
6. [ Northern Territory general election, 2016: The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/northern-territory-general-election-2016-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide.md) _Context: Labor Party_
7. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Labor Party_
8. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Labor Party_
9. [The High Court of Australia rules that the breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented and the patent claimed by Myriad Genetics is invalid. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-breast-cancer-gene-brca-1-cannot-be-patented-and-the-patent-claimed-by-myriad-genetics-is-invalid.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
10. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Labor Party_
