### [2005-09-29](/news/2005/09/29/index.md)

#  "The New York Times" reporter Judith Miller is released from federal jail after receiving a waiver from her news source, allowing her to testify in the investigation of the outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame. [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/09/29/cia.leak/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050930/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/cia_leak_investigation (Yahoo News)] (Link dead as of 00:44, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ "New York Times" journalist Judith Miller testifies before a federal grand jury and identifies Lewis Libby, Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, as her confidential source for a non-published story about the unmasking of a CIA agent in 2003. ](/news/2005/09/30/new-york-times-journalist-judith-miller-testifies-before-a-federal-grand-jury-and-identifies-lewis-libby-vice-president-dick-cheney-s-ch.md) _Context: CIA, CIA leak scandal, Judith Miller_
2. [ A U.S. federal judge dismisses a case brought by Valerie Plame against members of the Bush Administration in connection with the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/07/19/a-u-s-federal-judge-dismisses-a-case-brought-by-valerie-plame-against-members-of-the-bush-administration-in-connection-with-the-plame-affa.md) _Context: CIA leak scandal, Valerie Plame_
3. [ At a press conference, U.S. President George W. Bush admits for the first time that someone in his administration may have leaked the name of CIA agent Valerie Plame. ](/news/2007/07/12/at-a-press-conference-u-s-president-george-w-bush-admits-for-the-first-time-that-someone-in-his-administration-may-have-leaked-the-name.md) _Context: CIA leak scandal, Valerie Plame_
4. [ U.S. broadcaster Bob Novak reveals his involvement in the Plame leak, stating "I learned Valerie Plame's name from Joe Wilson's entry in "Who's Who in America." ](/news/2006/07/11/u-s-broadcaster-bob-novak-reveals-his-involvement-in-the-plame-leak-stating-i-learned-valerie-plame-s-name-from-joe-wilson-s-entry-in-w.md) _Context: CIA leak scandal, Valerie Plame_
5. [ "The New York Times" publishes a major story on the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program, a secret CIA surveillance of international private banking for the last five years via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) and rejects government requests to withdraw it. ](/news/2006/06/23/the-new-york-times-publishes-a-major-story-on-the-terrorist-finance-tracking-program-a-secret-cia-surveillance-of-international-private.md) _Context: CIA, The New York Times_
6. [ Judith Miller, controversial reporter for The New York Times, announces her retirement. ](/news/2005/11/9/judith-miller-controversial-reporter-for-the-new-york-times-announces-her-retirement.md) _Context: Judith Miller, The New York Times_
7. [ "New York Times" reporter Judith Miller is jailed for refusing to divulge her source in an investigation around the leak of a CIA operative's name. ](/news/2005/07/6/new-york-times-reporter-judith-miller-is-jailed-for-refusing-to-divulge-her-source-in-an-investigation-around-the-leak-of-a-cia-operative.md) _Context: CIA, Judith Miller_
8. [ "Time" correspondent Matthew Cooper reveals that last week he told a grand jury that Karl Rove&mdash;a top White House political adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush&mdash; was the first to reveal Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent. ](/news/2005/07/17/time-correspondent-matthew-cooper-reveals-that-last-week-he-told-a-grand-jury-that-karl-rove-mdash-a-top-white-house-political-adviser-to.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame_
9. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame_
10. [ "Time" says that it will hand over records in compliance with a court order in the investigation of the leak of a covert CIA operative's name. This decision in the matter of Valerie Plame could avoid jail time for one of its reporters, Matthew Cooper.](/news/2005/06/30/time-says-that-it-will-hand-over-records-in-compliance-with-a-court-order-in-the-investigation-of-the-leak-of-a-covert-cia-operative-s-na.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame_
