### [2004-10-31](/news/2004/10/31/index.md)

#  The 2004 presidential election in Ukraine is held. Preliminary results indicate Viktor Yanukovich in first place with 40% and Viktor Yushchenko in second with 39%. The run-off will be held on November 21. International monitors report "serious irregularities" in the voting. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3970265.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko nominates his political rival Viktor Yanukovich to become prime minister.](/news/2006/08/3/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-nominates-his-political-rival-viktor-yanukovich-to-become-prime-minister.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovich, Viktor Yushchenko_
2. [ The Verkhovna Rada (parliament of Ukraine) passes a vote of no confidence to dismiss Viktor Yanukovich as Prime Minister. The opposition led by Viktor Yushchenko agrees to continue negotiations and end the blockade of official buildings. ](/news/2004/12/1/the-verkhovna-rada-parliament-of-ukraine-passes-a-vote-of-no-confidence-to-dismiss-viktor-yanukovich-as-prime-minister-the-opposition-le.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovich, Viktor Yushchenko_
3. [ Despite earlier reports that Ukraine's Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko had agreed to hold talks over the country's heavily disputed elections, this now seems unlikely. Protests continue, with an official election result due to be announced at around 1400 UTC. ](/news/2004/11/24/despite-earlier-reports-that-ukraine-s-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-had-agreed-to-hold-talks-ov.md) _Context: 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, Viktor Yushchenko_
4. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko declares himself winner and takes a symbolic oath of office at a parliament special session, boycotted by pro-government MPs. Crowds of around 200,000 Yushchenko supporters rally outside the parliament building in Kiev. Freedom House releases a statement saying that the runoff election was "tainted by massive voter fraud." Russian Foreign Ministry expresses "extreme concern" about the disobedience actions by the Ukrainian opposition. ](/news/2004/11/23/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-declares-himself-winner-and-takes-a-symbolic-oath-of-office-at-a.md) _Context: 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, Viktor Yushchenko_
5. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". ](/news/2004/11/22/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-ukraine-s-electoral-commission-declares-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-opposition-leade.md) _Context: 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, Viktor Yushchenko_
6. [ Ukraine holds the second vote in a run-off presidential election today. Voters will decide between Moscow-oriented Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and western-leaning reformer Viktor Yushchenko. Observers have expressed concern over possible Russian interference, election abuses, and bias in reporting by the state media. With 74% of vote counted, Yanukovych leads Yushchenko 49-48%. Yushchenko has alleged that massive election fraud has taken place. ](/news/2004/11/21/ukraine-holds-the-second-vote-in-a-run-off-presidential-election-today-voters-will-decide-between-moscow-oriented-prime-minister-viktor-ya.md) _Context: 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, Viktor Yushchenko_
7. [The European Union freezes the assets of former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich, two of his sons, and dozens of his advisers. ](/news/2014/03/6/the-european-union-freezes-the-assets-of-former-ukrainian-president-viktor-yanukovich-two-of-his-sons-and-dozens-of-his-advisers.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovich_
8. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov submits his resignation to President Viktor Yanukovich "for the sake of a peaceful settlement of the conflict." ](/news/2014/01/28/ukrainian-prime-minister-mykola-azarov-submits-his-resignation-to-president-viktor-yanukovich-for-the-sake-of-a-peaceful-settlement-of-the.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovich_
9. [2012 Dnipropetrovsk explosions: Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich promises an investigation into the incident that injured 30 people. ](/news/2012/04/28/2012-dnipropetrovsk-explosions-ukrainian-president-viktor-yanukovich-promises-an-investigation-into-the-incident-that-injured-30-people.md) _Context: Viktor Yanukovich_
10. [ Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko dissolves Parliament and calls an early election. ](/news/2008/10/8/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-dissolves-parliament-and-calls-an-early-election.md) _Context: Viktor Yushchenko_
