### [2013-10-31](/news/2013/10/31/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:After having rocks hurled at them, Israeli troops respond and shoot dead a Palestinian man in the West Bank. 

Israeli troops shot dead a Palestinian during a clash in the occupied West Bank on Thursday, Palestinian witnesses and medical officials said.


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/2-palestinians-killed-by-idf-fire-near-khan-younis/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/31/us-israel-palestinians-violence-idUSBRE99U06Y20131031)

### Related:

1. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-israel-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pa-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-west.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pa-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite-w.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Five people are injured in the West Bank ahead of the funeral of a deaf teenager shot dead by Israeli forces. ](/news/2012/12/13/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pfive-people-are-injured-in-the-west-bank-ahead-of-the-funeral-of-a-deaf-teenager-shot-dead-by-israeli-forces.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-beh.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel announces it will begin with temporarily providing social services such as education, healthcare, and licenses in the West Bank. The Israeli government claims the move is necessary to provide badly needed services to the Palestinian people in light of the Palestinian Authority's inability to do so. Palestinian officials claim the move is an attempt to undermine the legitimacy of the Palestinian Authority and tantamount to the reinstatement of the Israeli occupation that existed before the 1993 Oslo Accords.](/news/2002/12/26/israeliapalestinian-conflict-israel-announces-it-will-begin-with-temporarily-providing-social-services-such-as-education-healthcare-and.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli–Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
