### [2013-10-31](/news/2013/10/31/index.md)

# The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons declares that Syria has destroyed 21 of 23 known chemical weapons facilities, and now must destroy the chemical weapons themselves. 

Syria has destroyed or rendered inoperable all of its declared chemical weapons production and mixing facilities, meeting a major deadline in an ambitious disarmament program, the international chemical weapons watchdog said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/31/us-syria-crisis-chemical-idUSBRE99U08N20131031)

### Related:

1. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons reports that Syria has handed over data on its chemical weapons program. ](/news/2013/09/21/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-reports-that-syria-has-handed-over-data-on-its-chemical-weapons-program.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
2. [Syrian Civil War:Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syrian-civil-war-psyria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-proh.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria_
3. [Syrian Civil War:Eleven people, including six members of a United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons fact finding mission, are attacked near Hama in central Syria. ](/news/2014/05/27/syrian-civil-war-peleven-people-including-six-members-of-a-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-fact-finding.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria_
4. [Syrian civil war:A team from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons enters Syria to begin work on dismantling the Assad regime's stockpile of chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/10/1/syrian-civil-war-pa-team-from-the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-enters-syria-to-begin-work-on-dismantling-the-assad-r.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria_
5. [The United States and Russia agree on a draft United Nations Security Council resolution aiming to rid Syria of its chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/09/26/the-united-states-and-russia-agree-on-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aiming-to-rid-syria-of-its-chemical-weapons.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
6. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency will send an inspection team to Syria to investigate claims by the United States that it was secretly building a nuclear reactor. ](/news/2008/06/2/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-will-send-an-inspection-team-to-syria-to-investigate-claims-by-the-united-states-that-it-was-secretl.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
7. [ Operation Orchard: The United States claims North Korea helped Syria build a nuclear reactor at a site destroyed by Israeli forces in September 2007. ](/news/2008/04/24/operation-orchard-the-united-states-claims-north-korea-helped-syria-build-a-nuclear-reactor-at-a-site-destroyed-by-israeli-forces-in-septe.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
8. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria_
