### [2011-04-25](/news/2011/04/25/index.md)

# A Nigerian human rights group says 500 people were killed in violence in the north of the country following the presidential election. 

The Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria, a Nigerian human rights group, has announced that at least 500 people were killed in post election violence that erupted in northern Nigeria after President Goodluck Jonathan was declared the winner of the presidential election. Supporters of Muhammadu Buhari , a northerner, who was defeated in the presidential elections attacked churches, homes and police stations and left a wake of destruction and death. Reprisal attacks by Christians further escalated the violence and so far, more than 65,000 people have been displaced. The Nigerian government is yet to release details of the violence, and the delay is probably to avoid inciting the environment just before gubernatorial elections scheduled for this week. However, police in Bauchi said that at least 11 Youth Corpers, who worked at polling stations in the state, were killed and other female poll workers were raped. The Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria said that most of the deaths occurred in Zonkwa, Kaduna state, where over 300 people were killed. The Nigeria Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) said Kano, Kaduna, Bauchi, Adamawa, Niger and Katsina states had the worst violence and NEMA is assisting over 21,000 displaced civilians in Kano and about 10,000 displaced civilians in Zaria. The NEMA Director said, &quot;The intervention is continuing. We are not going to stop until we get this relief material across to all the victims that have been affected. We are doing everything possible in collaboration with the Nigerian army who have been very, very active and supportive in providing us with security cover,&quot; The NEMA director also spoke about Northeners in the south who have taken refuge in military barracks in the south, he said, &quot;Especially in Anambra and Imo states, we have people from northern origin who, out of panic, on their own have decided to move to either military barracks or police barracks for safety for fear of reprisal attacks. Those people also we have been able to reach out to them and provide some kind of relief material to them. What we are trying to achieve is to make sure that peace is maintained and restored in all these places so that people can go back to their various houses and the continue with their normal lives,&quot; Gubernatorial elections in Kaduna and Bauchi states have been delayed &quot;to allow for further cooling of tempers and for the security situation in those states to continue to improve&quot; according to the INEC Chairman, Attahiru Jega.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-13185667)
2. [NgEX](http://www.ngex.com/news/public/newsinfo.php?nid=9148)

### Related:

1. [Human rights activists, lawyers, labor rights groups and other advocates endorse Leni Robredo for vice president. ](/news/2016/04/23/human-rights-activists-lawyers-labor-rights-groups-and-other-advocates-endorse-leni-robredo-for-vice-president.md) _Context: Human rights_
2. [Anders Behring Breivik, a convicted mass murderer in the 2011 Norway attacks, wins a human rights case against the government of Norway. ](/news/2016/04/20/anders-behring-breivik-a-convicted-mass-murderer-in-the-2011-norway-attacks-wins-a-human-rights-case-against-the-government-of-norway.md) _Context: Human rights_
3. [The European Union warns Thailand that the country needs to quickly address the human rights and slavery issues in its seafood industry if it wants to avoid an EU import ban. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-european-union-warns-thailand-that-the-country-needs-to-quickly-address-the-human-rights-and-slavery-issues-in-its-seafood-industry-if-i.md) _Context: Human rights_
4. [Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-communist-party.md) _Context: Human rights_
5. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: Human rights_
6. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: Human rights_
7. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: Human rights_
8. [ The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and human rights organizations say that YPG fighters have captured one juvenile prison and a power station south of Al-Hasakah. ([http://www.kurdpress.ir/En/NSite/FullStory/News/?Id=10887 kurdpress])](/news/2015/07/21/the-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-ypg-and-human-rights-organizations-say-that-ypg-fighters-have-captured-one-juvenile-prison-and-a-po.md) _Context: Human rights_
9. [North Korea says that it will respond "very strongly" to a conference held in Washington, D.C. about human rights abuses. ](/news/2015/02/17/north-korea-says-that-it-will-respond-very-strongly-to-a-conference-held-in-washington-d-c-about-human-rights-abuses.md) _Context: Human rights_
10. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: Human rights_
