### [2011-04-25](/news/2011/04/25/index.md)

# About 700 anti-nuclear activists hold a die-in on the border of France and Germany to mark the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster and after the Fukushima I nuclear accidents in Japan. 

Around 700 anti-nuclear protesters staged a &#034;die in&#034; on a bridge on the Franco-German border on Monday, on the eve of the 25th anniversary of Chernobyl and after Japan&#039;s Fukushima nuclear accident.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/8472706/Anti-nuclear-die-in-on-Franco-German-border.html)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: France, Germany, Japan_
2. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Germany, Japan_
3. [2016 European floods: The flood waters for the Seine River are expected to peak at six metres above its normal level. Flooding in France and Germany has so far claimed at least 11 lives. ](/news/2016/06/3/2016-european-floods-the-flood-waters-for-the-seine-river-are-expected-to-peak-at-six-metres-above-its-normal-level-flooding-in-france-and.md) _Context: France, Germany_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: France, Germany_
5. [France-Germany relations: Germany wants France to shut down the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant near its border as soon as possible following media reports the April 9, 2014, incident was more serious than reported. ](/news/2016/03/4/france-germany-relations-germany-wants-france-to-shut-down-the-fessenheim-nuclear-power-plant-near-its-border-as-soon-as-possible-followi.md) _Context: France, Germany_
6. [Japan-s emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japan-s-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
7. [Military intervention against ISIL: In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/military-intervention-against-isil-in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-a.md) _Context: France, Germany_
8. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: France, Germany_
9. [Japan's Sendai Nuclear Power Plant in Satsumasendai in Kagoshima Prefecture on Kyushu restarts reactor no. 1. This is the first of 50-plus shut-down nuclear reactors to go back online since the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. The problems discovered in the reactor model after the disaster have not been fixed. ](/news/2015/08/11/japan-s-sendai-nuclear-power-plant-in-satsumasendai-in-kagoshima-prefecture-on-kyushu-restarts-reactor-no-1-this-is-the-first-of-50-plus-s.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
10. [French farmers protesting low prices within the country turn back hundreds of trucks suspected of carrying foreign agricultural products at the country's border with Germany. ](/news/2015/07/27/french-farmers-protesting-low-prices-within-the-country-turn-back-hundreds-of-trucks-suspected-of-carrying-foreign-agricultural-products-at.md) _Context: France, Germany_
