### [2011-04-25](/news/2011/04/25/index.md)

# Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. 

Australia and New Zealand remember their war dead on Anzac Day, with the leaders of both countries attending ceremonies abroad.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-13184654)

### Related:

1. [ More than 20,000 Australians, New Zealanders, Turks and other nationalities gather at Anzac Cove, Gallipoli, Turkey to mark the 90th anniversary of the landing at Anzac Cove during World War I. Thousands more attend ANZAC Day dawn remembrance ceremonies and marches in cities around Australia and New Zealand, 250,000 in Sydney alone. ](/news/2005/04/25/more-than-20-000-australians-new-zealanders-turks-and-other-nationalities-gather-at-anzac-cove-gallipoli-turkey-to-mark-the-90th-annive.md) _Context: Anzac Day, Australia, New Zealand, Turkish_
2. [Gallipoli Landing 100th anniversaryAttendances at services to commemorate Anzac Day break attendance records in Australia and New Zealand. ](/news/2015/04/25/gallipoli-landing-100th-anniversarypattendances-at-services-to-commemorate-anzac-day-break-attendance-records-in-australia-and-new-zealand.md) _Context: Anzac Day, Australia, New Zealand_
3. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Vietnam_
4. [Turkey's ambassador refuses visas to Australian and New Zealand archaeologists to conduct a survey of Gallipoli Campaign  battlesites over concerns about a statue built by Sydney's Assyrian community commemorating the Assyrian Genocide in World War I. ](/news/2010/09/29/turkey-s-ambassador-refuses-visas-to-australian-and-new-zealand-archaeologists-to-conduct-a-survey-of-gallipoli-campaign-battlesites-over-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Turkish_
5. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Australia, France, New Zealand_
6. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, South Korea_
7. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS ''Endeavour'' used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Turkish_
9. [Australian electronics retailer Dick Smith, placed in administration by creditors in January, will close 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand with nearly 3000 people to lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/02/25/australian-electronics-retailer-dick-smith-placed-in-administration-by-creditors-in-january-will-close-301-stores-in-australia-and-62-in-n.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
10. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, France_
