### [2011-04-25](/news/2011/04/25/index.md)

# The Governor of Arkansas Mike Beebe declares a state of emergency following heavy storms including tornadoes hit the US state of Arkansas with at least two people dead and 100,000 without power. 

A tornado destroyed 50 to 80 houses and killed at least one person in an Arkansas town on Monday and floods caused at least three deaths in the state as storms continued to lash the region, authorities said.


### Source:

1. [Arkansas Online](http://www.arkansasonline.com/news/2011/apr/25/flash-flood-warnings-issued-arkansas-oklahoma/?latest)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/04/26/us-weather-floods-idUSTRE73O4JJ20110426?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
2. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Arkansas, tornado_
3. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Arkansas, tornado_
4. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
5. [Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/04/28/seven-us-states-declare-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-alabama-arkansas-kentucky-mississippi-missouri-tennessee.md) _Context: Arkansas, states of emergency_
6. [ Tornadoes of 2008: The Governor of Nebraska Dave Heineman declares a state of emergency in relation to tornadoes in the towns of Kearney, Nebraska, and Aurora, Nebraska. ](/news/2008/05/29/tornadoes-of-2008-the-governor-of-nebraska-dave-heineman-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-relation-to-tornadoes-in-the-towns-of-kearney-n.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
7. [ Weld County Tornado: One person is killed and at least 100 are injured in Weld County, Colorado after a tornado tears through the county. Colorado Governor Bill Ritter declares a state of emergency and activates the Colorado National Guard in the affected region. ](/news/2008/05/22/weld-county-tornado-one-person-is-killed-and-at-least-100-are-injured-in-weld-county-colorado-after-a-tornado-tears-through-the-county-c.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
8. [ May 1-2, 2008 tornado outbreak: Tornadoes affecting the south-central United States kill at least seven in Arkansas. ](/news/2008/05/2/may-1-2-2008-tornado-outbreak-tornadoes-affecting-the-south-central-united-states-kill-at-least-seven-in-arkansas.md) _Context: Arkansas, tornado_
9. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
