### [2011-04-25](/news/2011/04/25/index.md)

# Violence in Nigeria:: A Nigerian human rights group says 500 people were killed in violence in the north of the country following the presidential election. 

The Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria, a Nigerian human rights group, has announced that at least 500 people were killed in post election violence that erupted in northern Nigeria after President Goodluck Jonathan was declared the winner of the presidential election. Supporters of Muhammadu Buhari , a northerner, who was defeated in the presidential elections attacked churches, homes and police stations and left a wake of destruction and death. Reprisal attacks by Christians further escalated the violence and so far, more than 65,000 people have been displaced. The Nigerian government is yet to release details of the violence, and the delay is probably to avoid inciting the environment just before gubernatorial elections scheduled for this week. However, police in Bauchi said that at least 11 Youth Corpers, who worked at polling stations in the state, were killed and other female poll workers were raped. The Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria said that most of the deaths occurred in Zonkwa, Kaduna state, where over 300 people were killed. The Nigeria Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) said Kano, Kaduna, Bauchi, Adamawa, Niger and Katsina states had the worst violence and NEMA is assisting over 21,000 displaced civilians in Kano and about 10,000 displaced civilians in Zaria. The NEMA Director said, &quot;The intervention is continuing. We are not going to stop until we get this relief material across to all the victims that have been affected. We are doing everything possible in collaboration with the Nigerian army who have been very, very active and supportive in providing us with security cover,&quot; The NEMA director also spoke about Northeners in the south who have taken refuge in military barracks in the south, he said, &quot;Especially in Anambra and Imo states, we have people from northern origin who, out of panic, on their own have decided to move to either military barracks or police barracks for safety for fear of reprisal attacks. Those people also we have been able to reach out to them and provide some kind of relief material to them. What we are trying to achieve is to make sure that peace is maintained and restored in all these places so that people can go back to their various houses and the continue with their normal lives,&quot; Gubernatorial elections in Kaduna and Bauchi states have been delayed &quot;to allow for further cooling of tempers and for the security situation in those states to continue to improve&quot; according to the INEC Chairman, Attahiru Jega.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-13185667)
2. [NgEX](http://www.ngex.com/news/public/newsinfo.php?nid=9148)

### Related:

1. [Human rights in North Korea: Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/human-rights-in-north-korea-eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on.md) _Context: Human rights, Nigeria_
2. [President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria wins the presidential election held on 16 April. ](/news/2011/04/20/president-goodluck-jonathan-of-nigeria-wins-the-presidential-election-held-on-16-april.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
3. [A presidential election takes place in Nigeria. ](/news/2011/04/16/a-presidential-election-takes-place-in-nigeria.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
4. [The Nigerian opposition Congress for Progressive Change party select former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari as its presidential candidate for April elections. ](/news/2011/01/5/the-nigerian-opposition-congress-for-progressive-change-party-select-former-military-ruler-muhammadu-buhari-as-its-presidential-candidate-fo.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
5. [Nigeria's ruling People's Democratic Party nominates incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan as its candidate for April presidential elections. ](/news/2011/01/14/nigeria-s-ruling-people-s-democratic-party-nominates-incumbent-president-goodluck-jonathan-as-its-candidate-for-april-presidential-elections.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
6. [Thousands of members of Nigeria's ruling People's Democratic Party begin voting on whether incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan should be their choice of candidate in April presidential elections. ](/news/2011/01/13/thousands-of-members-of-nigeria-s-ruling-people-s-democratic-party-begin-voting-on-whether-incumbent-president-goodluck-jonathan-should-be-t.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
7. [Former Nigerian Vice President Atiku Abubakar is chosen to challenge incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan for the ruling People's Democratic Party nomination in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-nigerian-vice-president-atiku-abubakar-is-chosen-to-challenge-incumbent-president-goodluck-jonathan-for-the-ruling-people-s-democrati.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
8. [1986 Nobel Laureate for Literature Wole Soyinka, the first African to receive the award, launches a political party ahead of Nigeria's upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2010/09/25/1986-nobel-laureate-for-literature-wole-soyinka-the-first-african-to-receive-the-award-launches-a-political-party-ahead-of-nigeria-s-upcom.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
9. [Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan announces he will contest the presidential election in January 2011. ](/news/2010/09/15/nigerian-president-goodluck-jonathan-announces-he-will-contest-the-presidential-election-in-january-2011.md) _Context: Nigeria, presidential election_
10. [Boko Haram insurgency: Gunmen kill 11 worshipers in St Phillip's Catholic Church in the town of Ozubulu in Nigeria's Anambra State. ](/news/2017/08/6/boko-haram-insurgency-gunmen-kill-11-worshipers-in-st-phillip-s-catholic-church-in-the-town-of-ozubulu-in-nigeria-s-anambra-state.md) _Context: Nigeria_
