### [2004-05-20](/news/2004/05/20/index.md)

#  United States forces and Iraqi police raid the home of controversial Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmed Chalabi, arresting several members of the Iraqi National Congress and seizing documents. The US severs its financial ties with the group, and accuses it of currency exchange racketeering, theft, and obstructing the Oil for food investigation. 

The Kurdish security chief for embattled Iraqi politician Ahmad Chalabi is being sought by authorities for alleged links to Iran&#8217;s intelligence service, a top Iraqi official said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5019721/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/040520/040520_iraq_chalabi_bcol8a.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ An Iraqi judge issues an arrest warrant for Ahmed Chalabi on the charge of counterfeiting. Chalabi denies the charge. ](/news/2004/08/8/an-iraqi-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-ahmed-chalabi-on-the-charge-of-counterfeiting-chalabi-denies-the-charge.md) _Context: Ahmed Chalabi, Iraq_
2. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
3. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.](/news/2003/10/13/2003-occupation-of-iraq-new-draft-resolution-being-circulated-at-the-united-nations-aims-at-getting-international-aid-the-resolution-sets.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
4. [ Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.](/news/2003/09/9/iraq-the-iraqi-governing-council-gains-the-seat-at-the-arab-league-left-open-since-saddam-hussein-s-ouster-by-the-us-led-coalition-earlier.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
5. [ Iraq: A U.S.-led coalition-backed Iraqi Governing Council member, Ayad Allawi, announces restrictions of the operations of TV networks al Jazeera and al-Arabiya. The networks are barred from reporting on official activities and news conferences and from entering ministries and office buildings for the next two weeks. The council claims they incited anti-occupation violence (by airing statements from resistance leaders; specifically broadcasting a video of "terrorists terrorizing Iraqis"), increased ethnic and sectarian tensions and were supportive of the lawless resistance. Allawi hopes the ban sends a "very clear message" to other stations. Al Jazeera responds that it is trying to give a balanced view of the current situation in Iraq and that it considers its ethical standards to be similar to western ones. The Coalition Provisional Authority has not responded to inquiries about the announcement.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-u-s-led-coalition-backed-iraqi-governing-council-member-ayad-allawi-announces-restrictions-of-the-operations-of-tv-networks-al-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
6. [ Iraq: To open up its economy, the Iraq leadership council unveils sweeping free market reforms permitting foreign investment and imposes income taxes - but keeps oil under government control.](/news/2003/09/21/iraq-to-open-up-its-economy-the-iraq-leadership-council-unveils-sweeping-free-market-reforms-permitting-foreign-investment-and-imposes-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
7. [ The US Iraqi Governing Council announces that it has failed to select a new Iraqi President.](/news/2003/07/19/the-us-iraqi-governing-council-announces-that-it-has-failed-to-select-a-new-iraqi-president.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
8. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
