### [2015-06-4](/news/2015/06/4/index.md)

# Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the "Washington Post" claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. 

Up to four million US government personnel records compromised by an alleged China-based cyber attack, in fresh embarrassment for Obama administration


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/245283cacee84b14a95880ef9593172a/us-officials-massive-breach-federal-personnel-data)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11653079/China-blamed-for-massive-US-government-data-breach.html)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/chinese-hackers-breach-federal-governments-personnel-office/2015/06/04/889c0e52-0af7-11e5-95fd-d580f1c5d44e_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Office of Personnel Management closes down its system for employee background checks following the theft of millions of records in a computer hacking incident suspected to be conducted by Chinese hackers. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-united-states-office-of-personnel-management-closes-down-its-system-for-employee-background-checks-following-the-theft-of-millions-of-re.md) _Context: Office of Personnel Management, hackers_
2. [The Associated Press reports that hackers linked to the People's Republic of China appear to have gained access to sensitive background material about people seeking security clearances from the United States government. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-associated-press-reports-that-hackers-linked-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china-appear-to-have-gained-access-to-sensitive-background-mate.md) _Context: Associated Press, hackers_
3. [The United States stock market undergoes a flash crash (similar to 2010) of 1 percent when the Twitter feed from the Associated Press news agency is hacked and erroneously states that several explosions have injured President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-united-states-stock-market-undergoes-a-flash-crash-similar-to-2010-of-1-percent-when-the-twitter-feed-from-the-associated-press-news-a.md) _Context: Associated Press, hackers_
4. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Associated Press_
5. [A boat with 31 people on board, including more than 20 Chinese tourists, goes missing after sailing from the eastern Malaysian port of Kota Kinabalu to visit the island of Pulau Mengalum. ](/news/2017/01/28/a-boat-with-31-people-on-board-including-more-than-20-chinese-tourists-goes-missing-after-sailing-from-the-eastern-malaysian-port-of-kota.md) _Context: Chinese_
6. [Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris. ](/news/2016/12/5/authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-press-they-don-t-believe-additio.md) _Context: Associated Press_
7. [The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-democratic-party-nomination-since-deleg.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: hackers_
9. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape." ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president.md) _Context: Associated Press_
