### [2015-01-8](/news/2015/01/8/index.md)

# 2015 Baga massacre: Boko Haram militants raze the entire town of Baga in north-east Nigeria. Bodies lay strewn on Baga's streets with as many as 2,000 people having been killed. Boko Haram now controls 70% of Borno State, which is the worst-affected by the insurgency. 

Bodies lay strewn on the streets of a key north-eastern Nigerian town following on-going raids by militant Islamists, officials tells the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-30728158)

### Related:

1. [2015 Baga massacre: Refugees flee Nigeria's Borno State following the Boko Haram massacre in the town of Baga. 7,300 flee to neighbouring Chad while over 1,000 are trapped on the island of Kangala in Lake Chad. Nigeria's army vows to recapture the town, while Niger and Chad withdraw their forces from a transnational force tasked with combating militants. ](/news/2015/01/9/2015-baga-massacre-refugees-flee-nigeria-s-borno-state-following-the-boko-haram-massacre-in-the-town-of-baga-7-300-flee-to-neighbouring-ch.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State, attack_
2. [Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau claims responsibility for the attack on the town of Baga, Nigeria in which an unknown number of civilians were killed. ](/news/2015/01/20/boko-haram-leader-abubakar-shekau-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-on-the-town-of-baga-nigeria-in-which-an-unknown-number-of-civilians.md) _Context: Baga, Boko Haram, attack_
3. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-6.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency: Chibok schoolgirls kidnapping: Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/boko-haram-insurgency-chibok-schoolgirls-kidnapping-nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-est.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency: A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/boko-haram-insurgency-a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-le.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency: According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/boko-haram-insurgency-according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-d.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency: The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
8. [Boko Haram insurgency: Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. ](/news/2016/06/26/boko-haram-insurgency-fighting-in-various-remote-villages-in-the-borno-state-of-nigeria-kill-at-least-one-civilian-and-six-boko-haram-milit.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
9. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria: At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
10. [Boko Haram insurgency: According to a civilian vigilante, 20 people are killed after Boko Haram militants open fire on cars outside a village in Nigeria's restive northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/10/21/boko-haram-insurgency-according-to-a-civilian-vigilante-20-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-open-fire-on-cars-outside-a-villag.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
