### [2015-01-8](/news/2015/01/8/index.md)

# Brunei officially bans all future public celebrations of Christmas, in accordance with its conservative Islamic law Shariah. 

The oil-rich nation has prohibited future public celebrations of Christmas as part of its recently imposed Islamic law, fearing it might lead Muslims in the country &quot;astray.&quot;


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/brunei-officially-bans-future-christmas-celebrations-1777526)

### Related:

1. [The governments of Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei ban celebrations of Christmas, with punishments ranging up to a five-year jail term. Each country has a majority-Muslim population. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-governments-of-somalia-tajikistan-and-brunei-ban-celebrations-of-christmas-with-punishments-ranging-up-to-a-five-year-jail-term-each.md) _Context: Brunei, Christmas_
2. [Protesters stage rallies, organized by ACT! for America, against sharia law  in major and small cities  across the United States. Counter protesters also assembled at these locations. ](/news/2017/06/10/protesters-stage-rallies-organized-by-act-for-america-against-sharia-law-in-major-and-small-cities-across-the-united-states-counter-pr.md) _Context: sharia law_
3. [Pope Francis pleads for peace in a Christmas Mass in the Vatican. ](/news/2016/12/25/pope-francis-pleads-for-peace-in-a-christmas-mass-in-the-vatican.md) _Context: Christmas_
4. [Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz-berlin-germany-a.md) _Context: Christmas_
5. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Brunei_
6. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Christmas_
7. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: Christmas_
8. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Brunei_
9. [Iraqi Christians defy persecution and celebrate Christmas  in Baghdad. ](/news/2014/12/25/iraqi-christians-defy-persecution-and-celebrate-christmas-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Christmas_
10. [The Sultan of Brunei has announced a controversial new penal code that will eventually include stoning, amputation and flogging as punishments, as 'Phase one' of Islamic law. ](/news/2014/04/30/the-sultan-of-brunei-has-announced-a-controversial-new-penal-code-that-will-eventually-include-stoning-amputation-and-flogging-as-punishmen.md) _Context: sharia law_
