### [2002-11-30](/news/2002/11/30/index.md)

#  It is reported that the Provisional IRA may be about to make substantial concessions in order to restart the stalled Northern Ireland peace process.




### Related:

1. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: IRA_
2. [The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fin agree to devolution from Westminster from 12 April 2010 after two weeks of discussions, the longest ever during the Northern Ireland peace process. ](/news/2010/02/5/the-democratic-unionist-party-dup-and-sinn-fein-agree-to-devolution-from-westminster-from-12-april-2010-after-two-weeks-of-discussions-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland peace process_
3. [ The Independent Monitoring Commission reports that the Provisional IRA has effectively been disbanded as a terrorist organization, but the Provisional IRA Army Council still exists. ](/news/2008/09/3/the-independent-monitoring-commission-reports-that-the-provisional-ira-has-effectively-been-disbanded-as-a-terrorist-organization-but-the.md) _Context: IRA_
4. [ Operation Banner, the deployment of British Army soldiers in Northern Ireland to support the Police Service of Northern Ireland, ends at midnight marking the conclusion of the Northern Ireland peace process. Operation Banner has been the longest British Army operation in history, lasting 38 years. ](/news/2007/07/31/operation-banner-the-deployment-of-british-army-soldiers-in-northern-ireland-to-support-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-ends-at-mi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland peace process_
5. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Northern Ireland peace process_
6. [ Northern Ireland peace process: Retired Canadian general and present Chairman John de Chastelain of the Independent International Commission on Decommissioning announces in a Belfast, Northern Ireland press conference that the weapons, ammunition, and explosives of the Provisional Irish Republican Army have been "put beyond use". "We are satisfied that the arms decommissioned represent the totality of the IRA's arsenal.", the general said. Unionists, such as Ian Paisley, have expressed cynicism. ](/news/2005/09/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-retired-canadian-general-and-present-chairman-john-de-chastelain-of-the-independent-international-commissio.md) _Context: Northern Ireland peace process_
7. [ The Provisional IRA issues a statement formally ordering an end to the armed campaign it has pursued since 1969 and ordering all its units to dump their arms, with effect from 1600 BST today (1500 UTC). The IRA has been on "cease-fire" since 1996 and said it would follow a democratic path ending more than 30 years of violence. It will not, however, disband.](/news/2005/07/28/the-provisional-ira-issues-a-statement-formally-ordering-an-end-to-the-armed-campaign-it-has-pursued-since-1969-and-ordering-all-its-units.md) _Context: IRA_
8. [ In Northern Ireland the IRA issues an unprecedented statement that they made an offer to the family of murder victim Robert McCartney to shoot the members involved in his 31 January killing. The family made it clear that they wanted the people concerned prosecuted, not physically harmed. ](/news/2005/03/8/in-northern-ireland-the-ira-issues-an-unprecedented-statement-that-they-made-an-offer-to-the-family-of-murder-victim-robert-mccartney-to-sh.md) _Context: IRA_
