### [2005-06-16](/news/2005/06/16/index.md)

#  The police chief of Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, Alejandro Domnguez, is gunned down just seven hours after his inauguration.




### Related:

1. [The Mexican Navy frees 104 Central American kidnapped migrants from a house in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas. ](/news/2013/03/10/the-mexican-navy-frees-104-central-american-kidnapped-migrants-from-a-house-in-nuevo-laredo-tamaulipas.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
2. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican newspaper "El Manana" from the northern city of Nuevo Laredo will stop reporting on Mexico's drug-related violence after a second grenade attack at its installations. ](/news/2012/07/11/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-newspaper-el-maa-ana-from-the-northern-city-of-nuevo-laredo-will-stop-reporting-on-mexico-s-drug-related-vio.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
3. [Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/06/29/mexican-drug-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-city-hall-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-7-bystanders-this-is-the-t.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
4. [Mexican Drug War. 23 bodies-14 of them decapitated and 9 of them hanged from a bridge-are found in the Mexican city of Nuevo Laredo; those killed were reportedly members of the Gulf Cartel who were killed by Los Zetas, a rival cartel. ](/news/2012/05/4/mexican-drug-war-23-bodies-14-of-them-decapitated-and-9-of-them-hanged-from-a-bridge-are-found-in-the-mexican-city-of-nuevo-laredo-tho.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
5. [A car bomb exploded in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 10 police officers during the Mexican Drug War. The attack was believed to have been carried out by Los Zetas, one of Mexico's most powerful drug trafficking organizations. ](/news/2012/05/25/a-car-bomb-exploded-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-10-police-officers-during-the-mexican-drug-war-the-attack-was-beli.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
6. [Mexican Drug War: Gunmen open fire on an "El Maana" newspaper office in the border city of Nuevo Laredo, shortly after drug-related massacres in the city. ](/news/2012/05/11/mexican-drug-war-gunmen-open-fire-on-an-el-manana-newspaper-office-in-the-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-shortly-after-drug-related-massacr.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
7. [Around 140 prisoners break out of jail in Nuevo Laredo, northern Mexico. ](/news/2010/12/18/around-140-prisoners-break-out-of-jail-in-nuevo-laredo-northern-mexico.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
8. [ In Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, Horacio Garza, a federal congressman for the PRI, is seriously wounded by gunmen, and his driver killed. ](/news/2007/02/20/in-nuevo-laredo-mexico-horacio-garza-a-federal-congressman-for-the-pri-is-seriously-wounded-by-gunmen-and-his-driver-killed.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
9. [ In Mexico, the city of Nuevo Laredo chooses Omar Pimentel as the new chief of police. When gangsters assassinated the previous chief a month ago, Mexican federal police occupied the city and arrested the whole police force for investigation. ](/news/2005/07/7/in-mexico-the-city-of-nuevo-laredo-chooses-omar-pimentel-as-the-new-chief-of-police-when-gangsters-assassinated-the-previous-chief-a-mont.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
10. [ In Mexico, army soldiers and federales take over the city of Nuevo Laredo near the US border. The whole local police force is detained for investigation in connection to drug trafficking and for drug testing. City's just-appointed police chief Alejandro Dominguez was assassinated last Wednesday. On Saturday, a policeman shot a federal agent ](/news/2005/06/13/in-mexico-army-soldiers-and-federales-take-over-the-city-of-nuevo-laredo-near-the-us-border-the-whole-local-police-force-is-detained-for.md) _Context: Nuevo Laredo_
