### [2005-06-16](/news/2005/06/16/index.md)

#  Uzbekistan deports four members of human rights group International Helsinki Federation after they had investigated unrest in Andijan. 




### Source:

1. [Mosnews](http://www.mosnews.com/news/2005/06/16/hrgroupuzbekistan.shtml)
2. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/HRW/5822632af4c4c448ca8c838ca533a34d.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The non-governmental organization Freedom House ranks Burma, Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan as the worst violators of human rights. FH also cited Tibet and Chechnya as areas of intense repression. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-non-governmental-organization-freedom-house-ranks-burma-cuba-libya-north-korea-sudan-syria-turkmenistan-and-uzbekistan-as-the-wo.md) _Context: Human rights, Uzbekistan_
2. [ The US State Department says it may withhold aid to Uzbekistan unless the Uzbek government agrees to an international inquiry about the unrest in Andijan. The official death toll has risen to 187. ](/news/2005/07/13/the-us-state-department-says-it-may-withhold-aid-to-uzbekistan-unless-the-uzbek-government-agrees-to-an-international-inquiry-about-the-unr.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
3. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: 36 foreign diplomats visit Andijan in a government-sponsored trip and under heavy guard. The Uzbek government continues to deny that civilians were killed. The official death toll has risen to 169 but some human rights groups state that it can be as high as 750. A group of Islamic rebels led by a man called Baxtiyor Rahimov claim that they now control the border town of Qorasuv. ](/news/2005/05/18/unrest-in-uzbekistan-36-foreign-diplomats-visit-andijan-in-a-government-sponsored-trip-and-under-heavy-guard-the-uzbek-government-continu.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
4. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: The Uzbek government says they will allow foreign diplomats to visit Andijan. Survivors from Andijan who have crossed the border to Kyrgyzstan say that government troops opened fire without warning and that they were shelled in the Kyrgyzstan border crossing. Opposition believes that as many as 745 may be dead. Official government death toll is 169. Government officials still deny that soldiers killed civilians ](/news/2005/05/17/unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-uzbek-government-says-they-will-allow-foreign-diplomats-to-visit-andijan-survivors-from-andijan-who-have-crossed.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
5. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group ''Appeal'', says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. ](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
6. [ Amid continuing unrest In Uzbekistan, the city of Andijan is sealed. British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says there has been "a clear abuse of human rights" in Uzbekistan. ](/news/2005/05/15/amid-continuing-unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-city-of-andijan-is-sealed-british-foreign-secretary-jack-straw-says-there-has-been-a-clear-abus.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
7. [ Unrest In Uzbekistan: Thousands of protesters reappear on the streets of Andijan in Uzbekistan despite Friday's heavy bloodshed. ](/news/2005/05/14/unrest-in-uzbekistan-p-thousands-of-protesters-reappear-on-the-streets-of-andijan-in-uzbekistan-despite-friday-s-heavy-bloodshed.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
8. [ Unrest In Uzbekistan: Thousands of Uzbeks take over a high security jail in Andijan, freeing thousands of prisoners in protest against the jail sentence of 23 businessmen who were accused of being Islamic extremists. ](/news/2005/05/13/unrest-in-uzbekistan-p-thousands-of-uzbeks-take-over-a-high-security-jail-in-andijan-freeing-thousands-of-prisoners-in-protest-against-the.md) _Context: Andijan, Uzbekistan_
9. [Uzbekistan Deputy Prime Minister Rustam Azimov is dismissed by   President Shavkat Mirziyoyev, who had earlier criticized Azimov for failing to control financiers' activities. He is replaced by former Deputy Finance Minister Jamshed Kuchkarev. ](/news/2017/06/6/uzbekistan-deputy-prime-minister-rustam-azimov-is-dismissed-by-president-shavkat-mirziyoyev-who-had-earlier-criticized-azimov-for-failing.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
10. [Voters in Uzbekistan go to the polls for a presidential election, the first since the death of Islam Karimov who governed the country for 25 years. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-uzbekistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-the-first-since-the-death-of-islam-karimov-who-governed-the-country-for-25.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
