### [2004-08-5](/news/2004/08/5/index.md)

#  The U.S. FCC issues a preliminary ruling that providers of broadband communications (including cable modem, DSL, broadband over power line, and wireless) and VoIP communications are subject to the 1994 CALEA statutes which require providers to assist law enforcement authorities in wiretapping. 

Spooks a step closer to Internet snooping


### Source:

1. [The Register](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2004/08/05/fcc_approves_taps/)
1. [Cover Image](https://regmedia.co.uk/2013/02/05/default_image-2.png?x=1200&y=794)

### Related:

1. [ Chairman of the United States Federal Communications Commission Kevin Martin says he is "ready, willing and able," to prevent broadband Internet service providers from interfering with the speed of their subscribers' Internet access. ](/news/2008/02/25/chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-kevin-martin-says-he-is-ready-willing-and-able-to-prevent-broadband-int.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, broadband_
2. [The Federal Communications Commission votes to overturn a 2015 ruling requiring net neutrality. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-overturn-a-2015-ruling-requiring-net-neutrality.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
3. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
4. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly-s.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
5. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
6. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [Google announces a new wireless network in the United States called Project Fi with a pay as you go data rate. ](/news/2015/04/22/google-announces-a-new-wireless-network-in-the-united-states-called-project-fi-with-a-pay-as-you-go-data-rate.md) _Context: wireless network_
9. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
10. [Turkey's state run Anadolu Agency reports that twenty police officers have been charged with illegal wiretaps of officials including the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Another 49 are awaiting questioning. ](/news/2014/07/26/turkey-s-state-run-anadolu-agency-reports-that-twenty-police-officers-have-been-charged-with-illegal-wiretaps-of-officials-including-the-pri.md) _Context: wiretap_
