### [2006-05-18](/news/2006/05/18/index.md)

#  The European Parliament committee examining the claims of para-legal deportations of individuals for torture-based questioning, known as "extraordinary renditions", reports that it has CIA confirmation that between 30 and 50 individuals underwent such deportations to seven "black sites" in Asia, Europe and Africa. Those in Europe have reportedly been closed down following the public outcry, but there is still one such site operating in a North African country. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [EU Observer](http://euobserver.com/9/21632)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-05-17T153544Z_01_L17291758_RTRUKOC_0_US-SECURITY-EUROPE-CIA.xml&archived=False)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/NewsTrack/view.php?StoryID=20060517-125933-1701r)

### Related:

1. [ An Italian court convicts 22 CIA agents and 2 Italian agents over the kidnap of Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in Milan in 2003, in the first court case challenging the CIA's "extraordinary rendition" programme. ](/news/2009/11/4/an-italian-court-convicts-22-cia-agents-and-2-italian-agents-over-the-kidnap-of-muslim-cleric-hassan-mustafa-osama-nasr-in-milan-in-2003-i.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
2. [ The European parliament has approved a report on secret CIA flights which condemns member states that allowed the operations. ](/news/2007/02/14/the-european-parliament-has-approved-a-report-on-secret-cia-flights-which-condemns-member-states-that-allowed-the-operations.md) _Context: CIA, European Parliament_
3. [ Germany has ordered the arrest of 13 suspected CIA agents over the alleged kidnapping of Khalid El-Masri. ](/news/2007/01/31/germany-has-ordered-the-arrest-of-13-suspected-cia-agents-over-the-alleged-kidnapping-of-khalid-el-masri.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
4. [ The case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured by the CIA because he was mistaken for another person, is dismissed by a district court in Alexandria, Virginia, as it would be a "grave risk" of damage to U.S. national security by exposing government secrets. The court rules that if the claims are true he "deserves a remedy" but this cannot be found in the court. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-case-of-khaled-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-by-the-cia-because-he-was-mistaken-for-another-person-is-dismissed-by-a.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
5. [ CIA officials try to get the case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured, dismissed as it "could undermine U.S. relations with foreign countries". ](/news/2006/05/13/cia-officials-try-to-get-the-case-of-khaled-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-dismissed-as-it-could-undermine-u-s-relation.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
6. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: European Parliament, extraordinary rendition_
7. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [President of the European Parliament. Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/president-of-the-european-parliament-antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
