### [2009-12-18](/news/2009/12/18/index.md)

#  After 27 years, Terry Wogan presents his last edition of "Wake Up to Wogan" on BBC Radio 2, receiving farewell messages from Gordon Brown and David Cameron. 




### Source:

1. [BBC highlights](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/8420392.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/arts/2009/1218/wogant.html)
3. [The Times](http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/tv_and_radio/article6961514.ece)

### Related:

1. [British prime minister David Cameron sets out to block his predecessor Gordon Brown's attempt to take the GBP270,000 per year role of head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). ](/news/2011/04/19/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-sets-out-to-block-his-predecessor-gordon-brown-s-attempt-to-take-the-gbp270-000-per-year-role-of-head-o.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gordon Brown_
2. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gordon Brown_
3. [UK general election countdown:. Gordon Brown and David Cameron admitted that Nick Clegg, leader of the Liberal Democrats, put forward a very good case for his party at last night's election debate. ](/news/2010/04/16/uk-general-election-countdown-gordon-brown-and-david-cameron-admitted-that-nick-clegg-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-put-forward-a-very.md) _Context: David Cameron, Gordon Brown_
4. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron_
5. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron_
6. [Iraq Inquiry. A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: David Cameron_
8. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: David Cameron_
9. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: David Cameron_
10. [Panama Papers. Thousands of people protest in Whitehall calling on British Prime Minister David Cameron to resign over his financial affairs and his handling of them in relation to revelations made by the leak of the Panama Papers. ](/news/2016/04/9/panama-papers-thousands-of-people-protest-in-whitehall-calling-on-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-to-resign-over-his-financial-affairs.md) _Context: David Cameron_
