### [2014-11-18](/news/2014/11/18/index.md)

# South Korea launches a new National Safety Agency with more than 10,000 staff to replace the Korea Coast Guard, blamed by President Park Geun-hye for a poor response to the sinking of the MV Sewol. 

South Korea launches a massive new government agency this week to handle emergency rescue and safety management seven months after a ferry disaster killed 304 people and was blamed by President Park Geun-hye on a failed response by the coast guard.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/18/us-southkorea-ferry-idUSKCN0J20B720141118?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
2. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
3. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
4. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
5. [South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234a56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-kyo-ahn-a-staunch-defender-of-ms-park-wil.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
6. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
7. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
8. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
9. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
10. [A South Korean official says prosecutors will question President Park Geun-hye, no later than Wednesday, about the political corruption scandal. This will be the first time a sitting president is questioned by prosecutors in a criminal case. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-south-korean-official-says-prosecutors-will-question-president-park-geun-hye-no-later-than-wednesday-about-the-political-corruption-scan.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
