### [2014-11-18](/news/2014/11/18/index.md)

# The United States Senate narrowly defeats legislation on the Keystone XL Pipeline, intended to allow oil from the oil sands of Canada to flow to the Gulf Coast of Texas. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/19/us/politics/keystone-xl-pipeline.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Environmentalists, citing greenhouse gas emissions and risks of oil spills, including climatologist James Hansen are arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. in a protest to urge President Barack Obama to reject TransCanada Corp.'s $7 billion proposed Keystone Pipeline extension from the Athabasca Oil Sands in northern Alberta in Canada to the US Gulf Coast. ](/news/2011/08/30/environmentalists-citing-greenhouse-gas-emissions-and-risks-of-oil-spills-including-climatologist-james-hansen-are-arrested-outside-the-wh.md) _Context: Canada, Gulf Coast, Keystone XL_
2. [Alberta authorities update information about the fire.  About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-firefighters-saved-25-000-others.md) _Context: Canada, oil sands_
3. [The United States House of Representatives passes a bill extending a payroll tax extension containing another bill expediting the Keystone XL pipeline between Canada and Texas. ](/news/2011/12/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-bill-extending-a-payroll-tax-extension-containing-another-bill-expediting-the-keystone-x.md) _Context: Canada, Texas_
4. [A government-sponsored study in Canada concludes that heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic compounds found in the Athabasca River downstream of  oil sands plants, are not a natural occurrence but pollution resulting from those plants. ](/news/2011/03/9/a-government-sponsored-study-in-canada-concludes-that-heavy-metals-and-polycyclic-aromatic-compounds-found-in-the-athabasca-river-downstream.md) _Context: Canada, oil sands_
5. [ Donald E. Powell, former chief executive of the First National Bank of Amarillo, Texas and current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation chairman is named to coordinate rebuilding of the Gulf Coast by President George W. Bush. ](/news/2005/11/2/donald-e-powell-former-chief-executive-of-the-first-national-bank-of-amarillo-texas-and-current-federal-deposit-insurance-corporation-ch.md) _Context: Gulf Coast, Texas_
6. [ Hurricane Rita reaches Category 5 intensity, the third most intense in recorded history.  The current path tracks landfall at Galveston, Texas on Saturday.  The inbound causeway to the Island has been closed and mandatory evacuation has been ordered.  Residents on the Gulf Coast south of Galveston are urged to evacuate.  ](/news/2005/09/21/hurricane-rita-reaches-category-5-intensity-the-third-most-intense-in-recorded-history-the-current-path-tracks-landfall-at-galveston-te.md) _Context: Gulf Coast, Texas_
7. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [A series of earthquakes, the largest registering 6.3, strike near Mosquito Lake, Alaska, near the Alaskan border with British Columbia, Canada. At least one office building and two schools were heavily damaged and evacuated in the Yukon. ](/news/2017/05/1/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-largest-registering-6-3-strike-near-mosquito-lake-alaska-near-the-alaskan-border-with-british-columbia-cana.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Texas_
