### [2012-07-20](/news/2012/07/20/index.md)

# Amnesty International says Muslim Rohingyas in western Burma have been subject to attacks and arbitrary arrests. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-18921960)

### Related:

1. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim, Rohingya_
2. [A Buddhist monk accused of inciting violence against Muslims in Burma says he is joining forces with the Bodu Bala Sena group in Sri Lanka in order to combat a "serious threat from jihadist groups". ](/news/2014/09/28/a-buddhist-monk-accused-of-inciting-violence-against-muslims-in-burma-says-he-is-joining-forces-with-the-bodu-bala-sena-group-in-sri-lanka-i.md) _Context: Burma, Muslim_
3. [2012 Rakhine State riots: Renewed fighting between Buddhist Rakhine and Muslim Rohingya in western Burma kills three people. ](/news/2012/08/6/2012-rakhine-state-riots-renewed-fighting-between-buddhist-rakhine-and-muslim-rohingya-in-western-burma-kills-three-people.md) _Context: Burma, Muslim_
4. [Humanitarian group Mdecins Sans Frontires accuses Bangladesh of a "crackdown" on Muslim Rohingya refugees from Burma. ](/news/2010/02/18/humanitarian-group-medecins-sans-frontieres-accuses-bangladesh-of-a-crackdown-on-muslim-rohingya-refugees-from-burma.md) _Context: Burma, Muslim_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
6. [Turkey arrests six people, including the director of Amnesty International, for allegedly "helping an armed terrorist organisation". ](/news/2017/07/18/turkey-arrests-six-people-including-the-director-of-amnesty-international-for-allegedly-helping-an-armed-terrorist-organisation.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
7. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. ](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors.md) _Context: Muslim_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
10. [A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the-military-run-sedna.md) _Context: Amnesty International_
