### [2014-07-28](/news/2014/07/28/index.md)

# A rare EF2 tornado strikes Chelsea and Revere, Massachusetts marking the first such incident since at least 1950 that a tornado had hit the two communities north of Boston according to the NWS. 

REVERE — A rare tornado roared through this seaside city with terrifying force Monday, uprooting hundreds of trees, ripping roofs off houses, and spurring a intensive recovery effort that is expected to last days.


### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/07/28/severe-thunderstorm-warning-issued-boston-area/niu44DD0yg1PiTCbOsVyXL/story.html)
2. [NWS](https://nwschat.weather.gov/p.php?pid=201407282110-KBOX-NOUS41-PNSBOX)

### Related:

1. [2017 Tulsa tornado. An EF-2 tornado strikes Tulsa, Oklahoma, injuring 30 people and damaging dozens of buildings. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-tulsa-tornado-an-ef-2-tornado-strikes-tulsa-oklahoma-injuring-30-people-and-damaging-dozens-of-buildings.md) _Context: EF-2_
2. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Boston_
3. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Boston_
4. [A dangerous cold snap hits the northeastern United States with the city of Boston, Massachusetts, to face its coldest Valentine's Day in four decades. ](/news/2016/02/13/a-dangerous-cold-snap-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-with-the-city-of-boston-massachusetts-to-face-its-coldest-valentine-s-day-in-fou.md) _Context: Boston_
5. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: National Weather Service_
6. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter. 2015-2016 El Nino event. At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: National Weather Service_
7. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: National Weather Service_
8. [During U.S. Labor Day holiday activities in Boston, President Barack Obama announces a new executive order requiring federal government contractors to offer workers seven days of paid sick leave per year. On July 1st, Massachusetts became the third state, Connecticut and California being the others, with similar requirements. ](/news/2015/09/7/during-u-s-labor-day-holiday-activities-in-boston-president-barack-obama-announces-a-new-executive-order-requiring-federal-government-cont.md) _Context: Boston_
9. [Authorities arrest two Iowa men in Saugus, Massachusetts after heavy firearms are discovered in their hotel room. The two men had made threats on social media stating their targeting of the 2015 Pokemon Video Game World Championships that are being held in Boston. ](/news/2015/08/23/authorities-arrest-two-iowa-men-in-saugus-massachusetts-after-heavy-firearms-are-discovered-in-their-hotel-room-the-two-men-had-made-threa.md) _Context: Boston_
10. [ Norwegian Cruise Line's "Norwegian Dawn" ran aground three miles off Bermuda when departing for a return trip to Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A.. ](/news/2015/05/19/norwegian-cruise-line-s-norwegian-dawn-ran-aground-three-miles-off-bermuda-when-departing-for-a-return-trip-to-boston-massachusetts-u-s.md) _Context: Boston_
