### [2014-07-28](/news/2014/07/28/index.md)

# The Hague's Permanent Court of Arbitration says Russian officials have manipulated the legal system to bankrupt Russia's largest Yukos oil company, and jail its boss (Mikhail Khodorkovsky and others). Yukos was the object of a series of politically motivated attacks by the Russian authorities that eventually led to its destruction. The company's assets were illegally expropriated for the benefit of State companies Rosneft and Gazprom. The Yuganskneftegaz auction was illegal. The $50 billion awarded by the Hague's arbitration court against Russia is the largest arbitration award ever. 

An international arbitration court ruled on Monday that Russia must pay $50 billion for expropriating the assets of Yukos, the former oil giant whose ex-owner Mikhail Khodorkovsky fell foul of the Kremlin.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-28520892)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/29/us-russia-yukos-idUSKBN0FW0TP20140729)
3. [The Moscow Times](http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/hague-court-to-rule-on-50-billion-russian-payout-to-yukos-shareholders/504129.html)
4. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/29/business/international/yukos-shareholders-awarded-about-50-billion-in-court-ruling.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Russia arrests Economic Development Minister Alexey Ulyukaev for allegedly seeking a bribe to approve the sale of 50 per cent of Bashneft to state-run oil producer Rosneft last month. ](/news/2016/11/15/russia-arrests-economic-development-minister-alexey-ulyukaev-for-allegedly-seeking-a-bribe-to-approve-the-sale-of-50-per-cent-of-bashneft-to.md) _Context: Rosneft_
2. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin sign several agreements including a $12.9 billion defense and energy deal. Russian state oil major Rosneft pays  for a controlling stake in both India's Essar Oil and port facilities that it already owns. ](/news/2016/10/15/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-sign-several-agreements-including-a-12-9-billion-defense-and-energ.md) _Context: Rosneft_
3. [Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill-in-the-disputed-south-china-sea-raising-tensions.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's_
4. [China threatens the United States regarding the South China Sea and it will not accept a verdict in the Permanent Court of Arbitration. ](/news/2016/07/6/china-threatens-the-united-states-regarding-the-south-china-sea-and-it-will-not-accept-a-verdict-in-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, ''Philippines v. China''Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-pvietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gat.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's_
6. [''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-pthe-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's_
7. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been   staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's_
8. [Thousands of people gather in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi to protest against their government's negotiations with Russian state-owned oil company Gazprom. ](/news/2016/03/6/thousands-of-people-gather-in-the-georgian-capital-of-tbilisi-to-protest-against-their-government-s-negotiations-with-russian-state-owned-oi.md) _Context: Gazprom_
9. [Russia issues an international arrest warrant for former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky on charges of organizing the murder of Vladimir Petukhov, mayor of Nefteyugansk in 1998. ](/news/2015/12/23/russia-issues-an-international-arrest-warrant-for-former-oil-tycoon-mikhail-khodorkovsky-on-charges-of-organizing-the-murder-of-vladimir-pet.md) _Context: Mikhail Khodorkovsky_
10. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Gazprom_
