### [2014-07-28](/news/2014/07/28/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council calls for an immediate ceasefire but neither Israel nor Hamas agrees. 

Reporters are bullied, have equipment confiscated, barred from sensitive sites&#8230; but they don&#8217;t report it. &#8216;They&#8217;re too scared,&#8217; says Israeli official, lamenting capitulation to harassment


### Source:

1. [Algemeiner](http://www.algemeiner.com/2014/07/25/facebook-page-publishing-identities-of-french-jews-to-encourage-attackers-15-men-reportedly-assault-1-jew-in-paris-suburb-after-confirming-photo/)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Jewish-World/Jewish-Features/Toulouse-Jewish-center-firebombed-after-anti-Israel-protest-in-area-369153)
3. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/hamas-threatening-journalists-in-gaza-who-expose-abuse-of-civilians/)
4. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/the-terrorist-misfire-that-deepened-the-conflict/)
5. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/un-calls-for-immediate-cease-fire-in-gaza-as-lull-in-fighting-prevails/2014/07/28/01dea116-9195-424b-85b1-da93899d8250_story.html?wpisrc=nl_hdtop)
5. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/cameraman-gaza.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Israel and Hamas ignore the United Nations Security Council's call for a ceasefire in the conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/9/israel-and-hamas-ignore-the-united-nations-security-council-s-call-for-a-ceasefire-in-the-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations Security Council_
3. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
4. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
5. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
6. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
7. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
8. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
9. [The Israeli government outlaws the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel, declaring it "an illegal organization". The northern branch of the Islamic Movement is led by Raed Salah, who has been convicted in court of numerous activities, including funding Hamas, contacting an Iranian agent, assaulting a police officer, and leading a violent protest. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-israeli-government-outlaws-the-northern-branch-of-the-islamic-movement-in-israel-declaring-it-an-illegal-organization-the-northern-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
10. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
