### [2016-06-8](/news/2016/06/8/index.md)

# A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. 

A giant sinkhole opened up next to a major shopping mall in downtown Ottawa on Wednesday, causing a gas leak, collapsing a street and forcing the evacuation of all nearby businesses.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/ottawa/sinkhole-rideau-street-downtown-ottawa-1.3621949)

### Related:

1. [ Two Tupolev Tu-95 bombers are intercepted by two Canadian CF-18's near Canada's airspace hours before United States President Barack Obama arrives in Ottawa, Ontario.](/news/2009/02/19/two-tupolev-tu-95-bombers-are-intercepted-by-two-canadian-cf-18-s-near-canada-s-airspace-hours-before-united-states-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Ontario, Ottawa_
2. [ Thousands of pro-China demonstrators gathered in front of the Canadian Parliament Building in Ottawa to show their support for the Chinese government and 2008 Beijing Olympics. ](/news/2008/04/13/thousands-of-pro-china-demonstrators-gathered-in-front-of-the-canadian-parliament-building-in-ottawa-to-show-their-support-for-the-chinese.md) _Context: Ottawa, Parliament of Canada_
3. [North American Leaders' Summit aka the "Three Amigos Summit". Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/north-american-leaders-summit-aka-the-three-amigos-summit-takes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-preside.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
4. [South Korean opposition lawmakers' anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to 115 hours Sunday afternoon, easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to-1.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
5. [The two-month-old Nipigon River Bridge near Nipigon, Ontario is closed to traffic after a mechanical failure, severing the Trans-Canada Highway and forcing a detour into the United States. ](/news/2016/01/10/the-two-month-old-nipigon-river-bridge-near-nipigon-ontario-is-closed-to-traffic-after-a-mechanical-failure-severing-the-trans-canada-high.md) _Context: Ontario_
6. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
7. [Five are shot in Toronto, Ontario, in a neighbourhood with children around playing, two critically and one in life-threatening condition, having been shot by the police. Four suspects detained. ](/news/2015/04/16/five-are-shot-in-toronto-ontario-in-a-neighbourhood-with-children-around-playing-two-critically-and-one-in-life-threatening-condition-ha.md) _Context: Ontario_
8. [Moderate conservative John Tory is elected Mayor of Toronto, Ontario.](/news/2014/10/27/moderate-conservative-john-tory-is-elected-mayor-of-toronto-ontario.md) _Context: Ontario_
9. [2014 shootings at Parliament Hill, Ottawa. A gunman shoots a Canadian Forces soldier outside the Canadian National War Memorial, with the gunman later reported dead inside the Canadian Parliament buildings. The incident came hours after Canada raised its terror threat level from low to medium following Monday's fatal hit-and-run attack on two soldiers in Quebec. ](/news/2014/10/22/2014-shootings-at-parliament-hill-ottawa-a-gunman-shoots-a-canadian-forces-soldier-outside-the-canadian-national-war-memorial-with-the-gu.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
10. [A tornado hits southern in Ontario, Canada causing extensive damage in the corridor from Angus to Barrie. ](/news/2014/06/17/a-tornado-hits-southern-in-ontario-canada-causing-extensive-damage-in-the-corridor-from-angus-to-barrie.md) _Context: Ontario_
