### [2016-06-8](/news/2016/06/8/index.md)

# A United Nations commission of inquiry says that Eritrea should be referred to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity committed in the country, including the enslavement of between 300,000 and 400,000 people through military conscription. 

GENEVA (AP) — Eritrea&#039;s &quot;systematic, widespread&quot; human rights abuses should be referred to the International Criminal Court as crimes against humanity that include enslavement of up to 400,000 people, a United Nations…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/c1f8c2078baf4e7c9777a85bd8db5c3f/refer-eritreas-human-rights-crimes-icc-un-group-says)

### Related:

1. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
2. [South Sudanese Civil War. A new United Nations report on South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/south-sudanese-civil-war-a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-wor.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
3. [United Nations. Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/united-nations-cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-no.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
4. [A United Nations report accuses North Korea of atrocities and calls for an investigation by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-united-nations-report-accuses-north-korea-of-atrocities-and-calls-for-an-investigation-by-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations accuses Eritrea of attempting to bomb an African Union summit in Ethiopia. ](/news/2011/07/28/the-united-nations-accuses-eritrea-of-attempting-to-bomb-an-african-union-summit-in-ethiopia.md) _Context: Eritrea, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations warns that the trial of Guantanamo Bay inmate Omar Khadr violates an International Criminal Court statute banning the trial for war crimes of those under the age of 18, saying this has not happened since World War II. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-nations-warns-that-the-trial-of-guanta-namo-bay-inmate-omar-khadr-violates-an-international-criminal-court-statute-banning-the-tr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
8. [Sudan:. Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/sudan-many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
9. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
10. [ The United Nations imposes sanctions of a ban on arms importation and frozen bank accounts on Eritrea for supporting Somali rebels. ](/news/2009/12/23/the-united-nations-imposes-sanctions-of-a-ban-on-arms-importation-and-frozen-bank-accounts-on-eritrea-for-supporting-somali-rebels.md) _Context: Eritrea, United Nations_
