### [2012-01-2](/news/2012/01/2/index.md)

# India lodges a high-level protest with the government of China over the treatment of an Indian diplomat in a courtroom. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-16381464)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/India-summons-Chinese-envoy-over-ill-treatment-of-diplomat/articleshow/11338406.cms)

### Related:

1. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China, India_
2. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China, India_
3. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: China, India_
4. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: China, India_
5. [In a move likely to cause concern in India, China and Nepal commenced last Sunday the first ever combined military exercises, focusing on counter-terror operations. ](/news/2017/04/17/in-a-move-likely-to-cause-concern-in-india-china-and-nepal-commenced-last-sunday-the-first-ever-combined-military-exercises-focusing-on-co.md) _Context: China, India_
6. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: China, India_
7. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: China, India_
8. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: China, India_
9. [Chinese and Indian troops face-off in the Burtse region of northern Ladakh after Indian troops crossed the mutually-agreed patrolling line to dismantle a disputed watchtower the Chinese were building close to line. ](/news/2015/09/12/chinese-and-indian-troops-face-off-in-the-burtse-region-of-northern-ladakh-after-indian-troops-crossed-the-mutually-agreed-patrolling-line-t.md) _Context: China, India_
10. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: China, India_
