### [2012-01-2](/news/2012/01/2/index.md)

# Thousands of opposition supporters in Hungary protest over Prime Minister Viktor Orban's alleged attempts to undermine democracy in the country. 

The demonstration — a day after the country’s new “majoritarian” Constitution took effect — marked the first time that opposition forces joined together to rally against a new constitution.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/03/world/europe/rare-opposition-protests-in-hungary.html)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/european-migrant-crisis-the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in.md) _Context: Hungarian Prime Minister, Hungary, Viktor Orban_
2. [Hungary-Russia relations: Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Orban used the meeting to call for Russia's relations with the EU to "return to normal", saying "We all are interested in normalizing relationship between Russia and Europe" while Putin described Hungary as an "old and faithful partner". ](/news/2016/02/17/hungary-russia-relations-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-orba-n-used-the-me.md) _Context: Hungarian Prime Minister, Hungary, Viktor Orban_
3. [The Momentum Movement holds a pro-EU, anti-Russia march attended by approximately 10,000 in Budapest, Hungary, chanting -Europe, not Moscow- in support of the EU and against Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2017/05/1/the-momentum-movement-holds-a-pro-eu-anti-russia-march-attended-by-approximately-10-000-in-budapest-hungary-chanting-europe-not-mosco.md) _Context: Hungary, Viktor Orban_
4. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Hungary, Viktor Orban_
5. [European migrant crisis: Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. ](/news/2016/07/5/european-migrant-crisis-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-referendum-on-october-2-where-voters.md) _Context: Hungarian Prime Minister, Viktor Orban_
6. [Hungary's Defense Minister Csaba Hende resigns amid the refugee crisis. Prime Minister Viktor Orban immediately replaced Hende with a member of his Fidesz party, Istvan Simicsko. ](/news/2015/09/7/hungary-s-defense-minister-csaba-hende-resigns-amid-the-refugee-crisis-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-immediately-replaced-hende-with-a-membe.md) _Context: Hungary, Viktor Orban_
7. [Ajka alumina plant accident in Hungary:: 2 more corpses are discovered, bringing the death toll to 7, as Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban plays down the disaster on the Danube. ](/news/2010/10/8/ajka-alumina-plant-accident-in-hungary-2-more-corpses-are-discovered-bringing-the-death-toll-to-7-as-prime-minister-of-hungary-viktor-or.md) _Context: Hungary, Viktor Orban_
8. [Prime Minister Viktor Orban, winner of the 2010 parliamentary elections in Hungary, assumes office. ](/news/2010/05/29/prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-winner-of-the-2010-parliamentary-elections-in-hungary-assumes-office.md) _Context: Hungary, Viktor Orban_
9. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: Hungary_
10. [The National Assembly of Hungary passes a bill that undermines the functioning of the Central European University (CEU). Academics and academic institutions worldwide have expressed support for CEU. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-passes-a-bill-that-undermines-the-functioning-of-the-central-european-university-ceu-academics-and-acade.md) _Context: Hungary_
