### [2014-01-20](/news/2014/01/20/index.md)

# Certain sanctions against Iran are lifted by the European Union and the United States through a nuclear deal. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/iran-says-it-has-halted-most-sensitive-uranium-enrichment-program/2014/01/20/6c078bd6-81d7-11e3-a273-6ffd9cf9f4ba_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United States_
2. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United States_
3. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United States_
4. [ Iran advises a high-level meeting between it, the United States and European Union in Geneva over its nuclear program saying that it will not suspend production of enriched uranium. ](/news/2008/07/19/iran-advises-a-high-level-meeting-between-it-the-united-states-and-european-union-in-geneva-over-its-nuclear-program-saying-that-it-will-n.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United States_
5. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United States_
6. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: EU, Iran, United States_
7. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
8. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: EU, United States_
9. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: EU, United States_
10. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
