### [2014-01-20](/news/2014/01/20/index.md)

# Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Mike Rogers accuses Edward Snowden of collaborating with Russia. 

Several senior US lawmakers allege that intelligence leaker Edward Snowden may have been working with a foreign power, possibly Russia.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-25806855)

### Related:

1. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden. NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
2. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-29/snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-for-nobel-peace-prize.html (Bloomberg)]. In the US Senate, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, calls for the return of NSA documents by "Snowden and his accomplices"; asked whether this includes journalists, Clapper's spokesperson says "Director Clapper was referring to anyone who is assisting Edward Snowden to further threaten our national security through the unauthorized disclosure of stolen documents related to lawful foreign intelligence collection programs." ([http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/29/james-clapper-condemns-snowden-senate-testimony "The Guardian"])](/news/2014/01/29/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-is-nominated-for-the-nobel-peace-prize-http-www-bloomberg-com-news-2014.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
3. [American National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden is granted a one-year temporary political asylum in Russia and leaves Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. ](/news/2013/08/1/american-national-security-agency-whistleblower-edward-snowden-is-granted-a-one-year-temporary-political-asylum-in-russia-and-leaves-moscow.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Russia_
4. [Despite earlier reports to the contrary, fugitive NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden remains stranded at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2013/07/24/despite-earlier-reports-to-the-contrary-fugitive-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-remains-stranded-at-sheremetyevo-international-airport-in.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Russia_
5. [Former United States spy agency contractor Edward Snowden applies for political asylum in Russia. ](/news/2013/07/1/former-united-states-spy-agency-contractor-edward-snowden-applies-for-political-asylum-in-russia.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Russia_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [GTA gang. Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [2017 disasters in Russia. At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/2017-disasters-in-russia-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
