### [2014-01-20](/news/2014/01/20/index.md)

# Mike Rogers accuses Edward Snowden of collaborating with Russia. 

Several senior US lawmakers allege that intelligence leaker Edward Snowden may have been working with a foreign power, possibly Russia.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-25806855)

### Related:

1. [NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-fighter-jets.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013–present)_
2. [Edward Snowden is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-29/snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-for-nobel-peace-prize.html (Bloomberg)]In the US Senate, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, calls for the return of NSA documents by "Snowden and his accomplices"; asked whether this includes journalists, Clapper's spokesperson says "Director Clapper was referring to anyone who is assisting Edward Snowden to further threaten our national security through the unauthorized disclosure of stolen documents related to lawful foreign intelligence collection programs." ([http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/29/james-clapper-condemns-snowden-senate-testimony ''The Guardian''])](/news/2014/01/29/edward-snowden-is-nominated-for-the-nobel-peace-prize-http-www-bloomberg-com-news-2014-01-29-snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-fo.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013–present)_
3. [American National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden is granted a one-year temporary political asylum in Russia and leaves Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. ](/news/2013/08/1/american-national-security-agency-whistleblower-edward-snowden-is-granted-a-one-year-temporary-political-asylum-in-russia-and-leaves-moscow.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Russia_
4. [Despite earlier reports to the contrary, fugitive NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden remains stranded at Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2013/07/24/despite-earlier-reports-to-the-contrary-fugitive-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-remains-stranded-at-sheremetyevo-international-airport-in.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Russia_
5. [Former United States spy agency contractor Edward Snowden applies for political asylum in Russia. ](/news/2013/07/1/former-united-states-spy-agency-contractor-edward-snowden-applies-for-political-asylum-in-russia.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Russia_
6. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013–present)_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
