### [2014-01-20](/news/2014/01/20/index.md)

# The transitional National Assembly of the Central African Republic chooses Catherine Samba-Panza as the interim President, making her the country's first female head of state. 

Marin Ngoupana and Adrian Croft


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/20/us-centralafrican-idUSBREA0J0VT20140120)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic's National Election Authority announces voters approved (93%) the new constitution in the  December 13 referendum. Amid sporatic violence,  39 percent of registered citizens voted in the two-day poll. The first round of the presidential elections and Parliamentary elections now can be held on December 27, 2015. Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza and current members of the  legislature cannot participate.  ](/news/2015/12/22/central-african-republic-s-national-election-authority-announces-voters-approved-93-the-new-constitution-in-the-december-13-referendum.md) _Context: Catherine Samba-Panza, Central African Republic, legislature_
2. [Voters  in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The  Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamentary-elections-and-the-first-round-of-the-pres.md) _Context: Catherine Samba-Panza, Central African Republic_
3. [The National Transitional Council of the Central African Republic elects Michel Djotodia as the President confirming a position he has held since a coup last month. ](/news/2013/04/13/the-national-transitional-council-of-the-central-african-republic-elects-michel-djotodia-as-the-president-confirming-a-position-he-has-held.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President_
4. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:After declaring himself President of the Central African Republic, Seleka chief Michel Djotodia says that he has suspended the constitution of the country and dissolved its parliament. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pafter-declaring-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-seleka-chief-michel-djotodia.md) _Context: Central African Republic, legislature_
5. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:Seleka chief Michel Djotodia declares himself President of the Central African Republic and promises to retain power-sharing government as part of peace deal and put end to looting. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a13-central-african-republic-conflict-pseleka-chief-michel-djotodia-declares-himself-president-of-the-central-african-republic-and-pro.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President_
6. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central African Republic, President_
7. [A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-truck-overloaded-with-passengers-crashes-near-bambari-central-african-republic-killing-at-least-78-people-and-leaving-dozens-more-injure.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
8. [The United States announced it will end a six-year Central-African hunt for Joseph Kony the following day. ](/news/2017/04/25/the-united-states-announced-it-will-end-a-six-year-central-african-hunt-for-joseph-kony-the-following-day.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
9. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
10. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
