### [2014-01-20](/news/2014/01/20/index.md)

# The United States rejects the invitation of Iran by the United Nations in peace talks involving Syria. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/21/world/middleeast/syria.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations, United States_
2. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations, United States_
3. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United States_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
6. [Iran, North Korea and Syria block adoption of a United Nations treaty that would regulate the international arms trade, a proposal which required agreement by all 193 UN member states. ](/news/2013/03/29/iran-north-korea-and-syria-block-adoption-of-a-united-nations-treaty-that-would-regulate-the-international-arms-trade-a-proposal-which-req.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
7. [A United Nations report suggests North Korea has supplied Burma, Iran and Syria with nuclear technology, in violation of United Nations sanctions. China had previously blocked the report from reaching the UN Security Council. ](/news/2010/11/9/a-united-nations-report-suggests-north-korea-has-supplied-burma-iran-and-syria-with-nuclear-technology-in-violation-of-united-nations-sanc.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
8. [An Iranian diplomat at the United Nations states that United States citizen Sarah Shourd will be released "very soon". ](/news/2010/09/9/an-iranian-diplomat-at-the-united-nations-states-that-united-states-citizen-sarah-shourd-will-be-released-very-soon.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United States_
9. [The U.S. Pentagon alleges that Iran has violated United Nations sanctions against itself by providing an advanced radar system to Syria, a system the Pentagon claims would hurt Israel's ability to launch surprise attacks against Iran. ](/news/2010/07/3/the-u-s-pentagon-alleges-that-iran-has-violated-united-nations-sanctions-against-itself-by-providing-an-advanced-radar-system-to-syria-a-s.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
10. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United States_
