### [2004-02-21](/news/2004/02/21/index.md)

#  Prime Minister Tony Blair is under pressure from British human rights groups and MPs because of the government's sweeping powers under the Anti-Terrorism Crime and Security Act, which have allowed the detention of 14 foreign terrorist suspects in the UK at what has been described as 'Britain's Guantanamo Bay'. 




### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://news.independent.co.uk/uk/politics/story.jsp?story=493598)

### Related:

1. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: MP, Tony Blair_
2. [ International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http://www.theage.com.au/news/editorial/un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close/2006/02/17/1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http://www.guardian.co.uk/guantanamo/story/0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News/News (Toronto Star)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0217/guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a-re.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Tony Blair_
3. [ The United Kingdom: Tony Blair to grant new powers to spy on Members of Parliament. ](/news/2006/01/15/the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-to-grant-new-powers-to-spy-on-members-of-parliament.md) _Context: MP, Tony Blair_
4. [ The British government loses a key House of Commons vote on detaining terrorism suspects for 90-days without charge, in the report stage of the Terrorism Act 2006. This is Tony Blair's first ever commons defeat and has been described a serious blow to his authority. Opposition Leader Michael Howard calls on Blair to resign. ](/news/2005/11/9/the-british-government-loses-a-key-house-of-commons-vote-on-detaining-terrorism-suspects-for-90-days-without-charge-in-the-report-stage-of.md) _Context: Tony Blair, terrorism_
5. [ United Kingdom: Former actress and current Labour MP Glenda Jackson announces she intends to stand against Tony Blair in a leadership bid if he doesn't stand down in the near future. ](/news/2005/10/9/united-kingdom-former-actress-and-current-labour-mp-glenda-jackson-announces-she-intends-to-stand-against-tony-blair-in-a-leadership-bid-i.md) _Context: MP, Tony Blair_
6. [ Amnesty International has urged foreign governments to investigate high level US government officials for human rights violations committed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Guantanamo Bay.](/news/2005/05/30/amnesty-international-has-urged-foreign-governments-to-investigate-high-level-us-government-officials-for-human-rights-violations-committed.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Human rights_
7. [ President of Switzerland, Samuel Schmid, speaks in Madrid in a conference on terrorism and urges countries to respect international law and human rights ](/news/2005/03/11/president-of-switzerland-samuel-schmid-speaks-in-madrid-in-a-conference-on-terrorism-and-urges-countries-to-respect-international-law-and.md) _Context: Human rights, terrorism_
8. [ Welsh nationalist MP Adam Price announces his intention to impeach Prime Minister Tony Blair, with the support of other Welsh and Scottish nationalist MPs. ](/news/2004/08/25/welsh-nationalist-mp-adam-price-announces-his-intention-to-impeach-prime-minister-tony-blair-with-the-support-of-other-welsh-and-scottish.md) _Context: MP, Tony Blair_
9. [ Guantanamo Bay: The Pentagon announces that the first charges are to be filed against two of the six hundred detainees of the detention camp, but human rights groups have had their request to observe the military tribunals turned down. The defendants are named as Ali Hamza Ahmad Sulayman al-Bahlul and Ibrahim Ahmed Mahmoud al Qosi, both alleged to be Al-Qaeda members and charged with "conspiracy to commit war crimes". ](/news/2004/02/25/guantanamo-bay-the-pentagon-announces-that-the-first-charges-are-to-be-filed-against-two-of-the-six-hundred-detainees-of-the-detention-cam.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Human rights_
10. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, Human rights_
