### [2004-02-21](/news/2004/02/21/index.md)

#  Taiwan presidential election 2004: the official campaigning period starts at 07:00 local time.




### Related:

1. [ The Supreme Court of the Republic of China rejects the opposition's appeal to nullify the results of the 2004 presidential election. Chen Shui-bian won the election by a narrow majority. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-supreme-court-of-the-republic-of-china-rejects-the-opposition-s-appeal-to-nullify-the-results-of-the-2004-presidential-election-chen-s.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
2. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
3. [ A judicial recount in the 2004 Taiwanese presidential election begins. ](/news/2004/05/10/a-judicial-recount-in-the-2004-taiwanese-presidential-election-begins.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
4. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The Pan-Blue Coalition drops its demand for another round of voting by members of the military and the police who were put on a heightened state of alert on election day. Chen Shui-bian and Annette Lu sign letters promising not to contest the Pan-Blue petition for a recount.](/news/2004/03/29/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-pan-blue-coalition-drops-its-demand-for-another-round-of-voting-by-members-of-the-military-and-the-pol.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
5. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: 500,000 Pan-Blue protesters take to the streets in Taipei to demand a recount. ](/news/2004/03/27/roc-presidential-election-2004-500-000-pan-blue-protesters-take-to-the-streets-in-taipei-to-demand-a-recount.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
6. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: The controversial victory of Chen Shui-bian is confirmed by the state electoral commission, with a margin of only 29,518 votes - 0.2% of the total&nbsp;- separating the candidates. Pan-Blue protestors storm and hurl eggs at the Central Electoral Commission building. ](/news/2004/03/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-controversial-victory-of-chen-shui-bian-is-confirmed-by-the-state-electoral-commission-with-a-margin.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
7. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
8. [ ROC presidential election: Taiwan's High Court has ordered all ballot boxes to be sealed, in order to preserve evidence. However, a recount of votes was not ordered. Various protests are held throughout the island. ](/news/2004/03/21/roc-presidential-election-taiwan-s-high-court-has-ordered-all-ballot-boxes-to-be-sealed-in-order-to-preserve-evidence-however-a-recount.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
9. [ ROC presidential election: Chen Shui-bian is declared the winner over Lien Chan by fewer than 30,000 votes of nearly 13,000,000 cast (0.25%). Lien calls the result unfair and demands it be voided. A controversial referendum is invalidated by low turnout. ](/news/2004/03/20/roc-presidential-election-chen-shui-bian-is-declared-the-winner-over-lien-chan-by-fewer-than-30-000-votes-of-nearly-13-000-000-cast-0-25.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
10. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Nobel laureate Lee Yuan-tseh endorses Chen Shui-bian for the second time. ](/news/2004/03/17/roc-presidential-election-2004-nobel-laureate-lee-yuan-tseh-endorses-chen-shui-bian-for-the-second-time.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election_
