### [2009-10-5](/news/2009/10/5/index.md)

#  Five people are killed in a suicide bomb attack at a United Nations World Food Programme office in Islamabad, Pakistan. 

An explosion apparently caused by a suicide bomber in the lobby of the World Food Program office in Islamabad killed at least five people.


### Source:

1. [Daily Times](http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=2009\10\06\story_6-10-2009_pg1_6)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/06/world/asia/06pstan.html)

### Related:

1. [2017 South Sudan famine: The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/2017-south-sudan-famine-the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-s.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
2. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
3. [2016 Ecuador earthquake: The United Nations World Food Programme announces it is stepping up assistance to Ecuador-s most vulnerable areas following an earthquake that killed over 650 people. ](/news/2016/04/25/2016-ecuador-earthquake-the-united-nations-world-food-programme-announces-it-is-stepping-up-assistance-to-ecuador-s-most-vulnerable-areas.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
4. [Taliban insurgency: The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
5. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
6. [Taliban insurgency: Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
7. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
8. [Taunsa Sharif bombing: A suicide bomb kills at least seven people and injures 13 others in Pakistan-s Punjab province inside the political office of Pakistan Muslim League MNA Sardar Amjad Farooq Khan Khosa, who was not present. Sardar Khosa, who is attending a meeting in Islamabad, said he did not receive any threat or alert prior to the blast. A Taliban splinter group, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/10/14/taunsa-sharif-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-kills-at-least-seven-people-and-injures-13-others-in-pakistan-s-punjab-province-inside-the-political.md) _Context: Islamabad, suicide bomb_
9. [A suicide bomb attack on a Shiite mosque in Rawalpindi, Pakistan, kills at least seven people. Militants linked to the Taliban and al-Qaeda have previously attacked the country's Shiite minority. ](/news/2015/01/10/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-shiite-mosque-in-rawalpindi-pakistan-kills-at-least-seven-people-militants-linked-to-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Pakistan, suicide bomb_
10. [Pakistan unrest: Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
