### [2006-05-28](/news/2006/05/28/index.md)

#  Barry Bonds hits his 715th home run against the Colorado Rockies, passing Babe Ruth to move into second place on the list of all-time home run hitters. ([http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/wireStory?id=2014629 ABC News])




### Related:

1. [ Barry Bonds of the San Francisco Giants hits his 756th career home run, passing Hank Aaron as the all-time leader in Major League Baseball. Bonds hits the shot against Washington Nationals pitcher Mike Bacsik in the fifth inning of their game at AT&T Park in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2007/08/7/barry-bonds-of-the-san-francisco-giants-hits-his-756th-career-home-run-passing-hank-aaron-as-the-all-time-leader-in-major-league-baseball.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, home run_
2. [ San Francisco Giants outfielder Barry Bonds ties Hank Aaron for most career home runs with 755, while Alex Rodriguez becomes the youngest player to hit 500 home runs in Major League Baseball. ](/news/2007/08/4/san-francisco-giants-outfielder-barry-bonds-ties-hank-aaron-for-most-career-home-runs-with-755-while-alex-rodriguez-becomes-the-youngest-p.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, home run_
3. [ Barry Bonds hits career home run number 754. ](/news/2007/07/27/barry-bonds-hits-career-home-run-number-754.md) _Context: Barry Bonds, home run_
4. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Colorado Rockies_
5. [David Ortiz of the Boston Red Sox hits two home runs in the Sox' 10-4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida, making him the 27th player in MLB history with 500 career homers. ](/news/2015/09/12/david-ortiz-of-the-boston-red-sox-hits-two-home-runs-in-the-sox-10a4-win-over-the-tampa-bay-rays-at-tropicana-field-in-st-petersburg-fl.md) _Context: home run_
6. [ An 11-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals overturns the 2011 conviction of all-time Major League Baseball home run leader Barry Bonds on obstruction of justice charges stemming from the BALCO doping scandal. ](/news/2015/04/22/an-11-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-ninth-circuit-court-of-appeals-overturns-the-2011-conviction-of-all-time-major-league-baseball-home-run-leade.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
7. [In baseball, Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees sets a new record in Major League Baseball for grand slam home runs with 24. ](/news/2013/09/20/in-baseball-alex-rodriguez-of-the-new-york-yankees-sets-a-new-record-in-major-league-baseball-for-grand-slam-home-runs-with-24.md) _Context: home run_
8. [A lawyer representing Barry Bonds appeals his obstruction of justice charge to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2013/02/13/a-lawyer-representing-barry-bonds-appeals-his-obstruction-of-justice-charge-to-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
9. [In baseball, no candidates were elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame for the first time since 1996, with some candidates such as Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens performing poorly due to allegations of steroid use. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-baseball-no-candidates-were-elected-to-the-national-baseball-hall-of-fame-for-the-first-time-since-1996-with-some-candidates-such-as-ba.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
10. [Star baseball player Barry Bonds is sentenced to 30 days of home detention on obstruction of justice charges following misleading evidence about steroid use. ](/news/2011/12/16/star-baseball-player-barry-bonds-is-sentenced-to-30-days-of-home-detention-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-following-misleading-evidence-a.md) _Context: Barry Bonds_
