### [2006-05-28](/news/2006/05/28/index.md)

#  President Alvaro Uribe gets reelected in a landslide in the Colombian presidential election, 2006, winning 62.2% of the votes in a landslide. This is the first time a Colombian President gets reelected in more than a century. He will serve another 4-year term.




### Related:

1. [Referendum: Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
2. [Two former Colombian ministers Sabas Pretelt and Diego Palacio are sentenced to six years in prison for corruption in bribing lawmakers to support the 2006 re-election bid of former President Alvaro Uribe. ](/news/2015/04/15/two-former-colombian-ministers-sabas-pretelt-and-diego-palacio-are-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-corruption-in-bribing-lawmakers-to-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
3. [Colombian parliamentary election, 2014: President Juan Manuel Santos' coalition wins a reduced majority, while former President Alvaro Uribe is elected to the Senate. ](/news/2014/03/9/colombian-parliamentary-election-2014-president-juan-manuel-santos-coalition-wins-a-reduced-majority-while-former-president-alvaro-uribe.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
4. [Juan Manuel Santos is sworn in office as 59th President of Colombia, succeeding lvaro Uribe, at a ceremony attended by more than 100 international delegations. ](/news/2010/08/7/juan-manuel-santos-is-sworn-in-office-as-59th-president-of-colombia-succeeding-alvaro-uribe-at-a-ceremony-attended-by-more-than-100-intern.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
5. [Colombian presidential election:: Colombians vote to replace Alvaro Uribe, who is standing down after two terms. ](/news/2010/05/30/colombian-presidential-election-colombians-vote-to-replace-alvaro-uribe-who-is-standing-down-after-two-terms.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
6. [Spain requests an explanation from Venezuela concerning allegations that it helped terrorist groups Euskadi Ta Askatasuna and FARC plot to kill Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and other Colombian personalities in Spanish soil. ](/news/2010/03/1/spain-requests-an-explanation-from-venezuela-concerning-allegations-that-it-helped-terrorist-groups-euskadi-ta-askatasuna-and-farc-plot-to-k.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
7. [Constitutional judges in Colombia reject a referendum to allow President lvaro Uribe to stand for a third term in office. ](/news/2010/02/27/constitutional-judges-in-colombia-reject-a-referendum-to-allow-president-alvaro-uribe-to-stand-for-a-third-term-in-office.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
8. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! - you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
9. [ Colombian President lvaro Uribe eases the terms for the release of 24 police and soldiers being held by Marxist FARC rebels. ](/news/2009/09/20/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-eases-the-terms-for-the-release-of-24-police-and-soldiers-being-held-by-marxist-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
10. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe_
