### [2013-04-22](/news/2013/04/22/index.md)

# News Corporation agrees to pay $139 million to American shareholders due to the phone hacking scandal. 

The company’s board was sued over the phone-hacking scandal and the purchase of a TV production company run by Rupert Murdoch’s daughter Elisabeth.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/23/business/media/news-corp-agrees-to-139-million-settlement-with-shareholders.html)

### Related:

1. [Google will pay a $7 million penalty to settle an investigation into the collection of e-mails, passwords and other sensitive information sent over wireless networks from 2007-2010 in the United States. Google company cars taking street-level photos for its online mapping service also had been vacuuming up personal data transmitted over wireless networks that weren't protected by passwords. ](/news/2013/03/9/google-will-pay-a-7-million-penalty-to-settle-an-investigation-into-the-collection-of-e-mails-passwords-and-other-sensitive-information-se.md) _Context: American, United States dollars_
2. [The United States Air Force grounds its entire $400 billion fleet of 51 F-35 jets due to a major engine technical issue. During a routine inspection of the aircraft, maintenance personnel detected a cracked engine blade. ](/news/2013/02/23/the-united-states-air-force-grounds-its-entire-400-billion-fleet-of-51-f-35-jets-due-to-a-major-engine-technical-issue-during-a-routine-in.md) _Context: American, United States dollars_
3. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: American_
4. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: American_
5. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air  conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authoriti.md) _Context: American_
6. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: American_
7. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: American_
8. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hon.md) _Context: American_
9. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: American_
10. [A U.S. federal judge halts the possible deportation of Iraqi Chaldean Christian refugees until further review. ](/news/2017/07/12/a-u-s-federal-judge-halts-the-possible-deportation-of-iraqi-chaldean-christian-refugees-until-further-review.md) _Context: American_
