### [2006-12-5](/news/2006/12/5/index.md)

#  U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/6209424.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
2. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
3. [ Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007. ](/news/2006/10/13/ban-ki-moon-is-elected-to-be-the-eighth-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-kofi-annan-in-january-2007.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
4. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan warns that the security situation in Darfur is deteriorating. ](/news/2005/01/10/darfur-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-the-security-situation-in-darfur-is-deteriorating.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [Occupation of Iraq:: The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]: The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]: The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/occupation-of-iraq-the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanit.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
6. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):: United Nations and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan arrives in the Syrian capital Damascus for talks. ](/news/2012/07/8/syrian-uprising-2011-present-united-nations-and-arab-league-envoy-kofi-annan-arrives-in-the-syrian-capital-damascus-for-talks.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
7. [Syrian uprising: United Nations envoy Kofi Annan describes the situation in Syria as bleak, raising concerns about reports indicating that Syrian Army forces are conducting operations against opponents. ](/news/2012/04/25/syrian-uprising-united-nations-envoy-kofi-annan-describes-the-situation-in-syria-as-bleak-raising-concerns-about-reports-indicating-that-s.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations_
8. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon meets with African leaders to discuss resolutions to the ongoing Kivu conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2008/11/8/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-meets-with-african-leaders-to-discuss-resolutions-to-the-ongoing-kivu-conflict-in-the-democrat.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
10. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
