### [2013-03-28](/news/2013/03/28/index.md)

# 2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. 

Banks in Cyprus reopen after a two-week closure sparked by negotiations over an EU-IMF bailout, but withdrawals are being tightly controlled.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21963462)

### Related:

1. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, International Monetary Fund, bailout, collapse_
2. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, International Monetary Fund, collapse_
3. [European Union finance ministers and central bank governors begin a two-day meeting at Dublin Castle to talk about austerity, the collapse of the Cypriot economy and the creation of a federal bank. ](/news/2013/04/12/european-union-finance-ministers-and-central-bank-governors-begin-a-two-day-meeting-at-dublin-castle-to-talk-about-austerity-the-collapse-o.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, collapse_
4. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cyprus's Ministry of Finance says banks will remain shut until Thursday to give regulators time to guard against a run on deposits, and that big depositors in Cypriot banks can lose up to 40% of their funds, while depositors with less than 100,000 euros in their accounts will not be affected by bailout plans. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-s-ministry-of-finance-says-banks-will-remain-shut-until-thursday-to-give-regulators-time-to-gua.md) _Context: Cyprus, bailout, collapse_
5. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades presents a new bailout package for Cypriot banks as Cyprus is hit with a liquidity crisis. ](/news/2013/03/20/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-presents-a-new-bailout-package-for-cypriot-banks-as-cyprus-is-h.md) _Context: Cyprus, bailout, collapse_
6. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: Cyprus, International Monetary Fund, collapse_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the EUR10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-the-terms-of-the-a-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: Cyprus, International Monetary Fund, collapse_
8. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a EUR45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: EU, International Monetary Fund, bailout_
9. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
10. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: EU, International Monetary Fund_
