### [2013-03-28](/news/2013/03/28/index.md)

# As part of the Maundy Thursday service Pope Francis washes the feet of prisoners at a juvenile detention centre in Rome, Italy. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21963105)

### Related:

1. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis, Rome_
2. [Italian local elections, 2016. Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
3. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
4. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
5. [Authorities arrest four Kosovo jihadists men, three in Italy and one in Kosovo, for making nonspecific threats against Pope Francis and the former U.S. Ambassador to Kosovo. The men are described by police as highly dangerous and as having celebrated the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/12/2/authorities-arrest-four-kosovo-jihadists-men-three-in-italy-and-one-in-kosovo-for-making-nonspecific-threats-against-pope-francis-and-the.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
6. [The Vatican denies an Italian newspaper report that Pope Francis has a benign brain tumour, saying the 78-year-old pontiff is in good health, and denounces the article as utterly reprehensible. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-vatican-denies-an-italian-newspaper-report-that-pope-francis-has-a-benign-brain-tumour-saying-the-78-year-old-pontiff-is-in-good-health.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
7. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Rome_
8. [Pope Francis creates 19 new cardinals in a ceremony at St Peter's Basilica in Rome. In addition, the Pope emeritus Benedict XVI makes his first public appearance at the Vatican since his resignation in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/22/pope-francis-creates-19-new-cardinals-in-a-ceremony-at-st-peter-s-basilica-in-rome-in-addition-the-pope-emeritus-benedict-xvi-makes-his-fi.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Rome_
9. [Pope Francis visits the tiny Italian island of Lampedusa, holds a mass to pay tribute to the many immigrants who have drowned trying to reach Europe and condemns the "global indifference" to their plight. ](/news/2013/07/8/pope-francis-visits-the-tiny-italian-island-of-lampedusa-holds-a-mass-to-pay-tribute-to-the-many-immigrants-who-have-drowned-trying-to-reac.md) _Context: Italian, Pope Francis_
10. [One hundred thousand people march in Rome, the capital of Italy, to protest the austerity measures of the new government, demanding a new policy focus on the creation of jobs. ](/news/2013/05/18/one-hundred-thousand-people-march-in-rome-the-capital-of-italy-to-protest-the-austerity-measures-of-the-new-government-demanding-a-new-po.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
