### [2013-03-28](/news/2013/03/28/index.md)

# British-Italian fraudster Giovanni Di Stefano is sentenced to 14 years in jail for fraud. 

A bogus lawyer who tricked people into thinking he was a bona fide legal professional is jailed for 14 years.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21969624)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
2. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
3. [Zika virus outbreak. Several Zika virus cases have been reported in Denmark, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. ](/news/2016/01/27/zika-virus-outbreak-several-zika-virus-cases-have-been-reported-in-denmark-italy-spain-the-united-kingdom-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
5. [The American Academy of Pediatrics calls for pregnant women to abstain completely from alcohol during the entire three trimesters of the pregnancy, saying no amount of any type of alcohol should be considered safe since the risks, to the baby in particular (such as fetal alcohol syndrome, among many others), are too great. This puts the U.S. alongside other Western developed countries- except Italy and the United Kingdom, which still allow occasional small amounts- in urging complete abstinence. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the two other U.S. agencies that comment most about this issue, already recommend total alcohol abstinence. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-american-academy-of-pediatrics-calls-for-pregnant-women-to-abstain-completely-from-alcohol-during-the-entire-three-trimesters-of-the-pre.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
6. [Illegal immigration from Africa to Europe. The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/illegal-immigration-from-africa-to-europe-the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-t.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
7. [Nigerian Sharia conflict:. Nigerian militants belonging to Ansar al-Muslimeen claim responsibility to kidnapping and killing Italian, Greek, and British construction workers in Northern Nigeria. ](/news/2013/03/10/nigerian-sharia-conflict-nigerian-militants-belonging-to-ansar-al-muslimeen-claim-responsibility-to-kidnapping-and-killing-italian-greek.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
8. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
9. [Jim McCormick, the director of the U.K. company manufacturing the controversial ADE 651 bomb detectors, is arrested on suspicion of fraud. ](/news/2010/01/23/jim-mccormick-the-director-of-the-u-k-company-manufacturing-the-controversial-ade-651-bomb-detectors-is-arrested-on-suspicion-of-fraud.md) _Context: Britain, fraud_
10. [ Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi launches legal action against French weekly "Nouvel Observateur", Spanish newspaper "El Pas", and Italian newspaper "La Repubblica", and has authorized his attorneys to prepare cases against British newspapers, charging the newspapers with libel. ](/news/2009/08/28/prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-launches-legal-action-against-french-weekly-nouvel-observateur-spanish-newspaper-el-pais-an.md) _Context: Britain, Italian_
