### [2013-03-28](/news/2013/03/28/index.md)

# Russia conducts unscheduled military exercises in the Black Sea, drawing criticism from NATO. 

Russia’s unscheduled war games in the Black Sea that began on Thursday without prior notice have taken the West by surprise, with NATO calling on Moscow to show greater openness. President Vladimir Pu


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/world/russias-war-games-catch-west-off-guard/article4562465.ece)

### Related:

1. [NATO and Russia conduct first-ever joint military exercises, codenamed 'Vigilant Skies 2011', to improve cooperation to protect passenger flights between NATO member states and Russia and to prevent hijackings such as the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/06/7/nato-and-russia-conduct-first-ever-joint-military-exercises-codenamed-vigilant-skies-2011-to-improve-cooperation-to-protect-passenger-fl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia, military exercise_
2. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
4. [Estonia-United Kingdom relations. Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/estonia-united-kingdom-relations-eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
5. [Operation Atlantic Resolve. 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
6. [2016 Russian Defence Ministry Tupolev Tu-154 crash. A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-russian-defence-ministry-tupolev-tu-154-crash-a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov.md) _Context: Black Sea, Russia_
7. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
9. [Russia-United States relations. A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-po.md) _Context: Black Sea, Russia_
10. [2016 Warsaw summit. NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
