### [2013-03-28](/news/2013/03/28/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Mortar fire hits Damascus University cafeteria section killing 15 students and injuring 7 others. 

Mortar fire hits the University of Damascus, killing 15 students and wounding several others, Syrian state media say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21964299)

### Related:

1. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus,  killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that  kill at least 35  people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-ai.md) _Context: Mortar, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Mortar fire kills eleven children at a school in Damascus. ](/news/2014/11/5/mortar-fire-kills-eleven-children-at-a-school-in-damascus.md) _Context: Mortar, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war: A second mortar shell from Syria has been fired at an Israeli military outpost in the Golan Heights, after a similar incident the day before. The Israel Defence Forces have responded with tank fire at the source of the bombardment, scoring several direct hits on artillery units belonging to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2012/11/12/syrian-civil-war-pa-second-mortar-shell-from-syria-has-been-fired-at-an-israeli-military-outpost-in-the-golan-heights-after-a-similar-inci.md) _Context: Mortar, Syrian Civil War_
4. [ Russia, Iran  and Turkey reach an agreement, effective this midnight, to establish four "safe zones" in Syria over which all military aircraft, including Turkish, Russian, and American aircraft, will be barred from flying.  ](/news/2017/05/5/russia-iran-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-effective-this-midnight-to-establish-four-safe-zones-in-syria-over-which-all-military-aircr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab-is-suspected-of-being-behind-the.md) _Context: Mortar_
