### [2017-03-30](/news/2017/03/30/index.md)

# 2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. 

Fears have been raised about democracy after the National Assembly was stripped of powers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-39449494)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKBN17122M)

### Related:

1. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. Venezuela's Supreme Court reverses their controversial ruling. The court restores legislative power to the National Assembly. However, the court's decision still allows President Nicolas Maduro to enter joint-venture deals. ](/news/2017/04/1/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-venezuela-s-supreme-court-reverses-their-controversial-ruling-the-court-restores-legislat.md) _Context: 2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly, National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal_
2. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
3. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcin.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
4. [Constitution of Venezuela. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/constitution-of-venezuela-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
5. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-m.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/2017-venezuelan-protests-supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-sev.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
