### [2017-03-30](/news/2017/03/30/index.md)

# In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. 

Fears have been raised about democracy after the National Assembly was stripped of powers.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-politics-idUSKBN17122M)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-39449494)

### Related:

1. [Venezuela's Supreme Court reverses their controversial ruling. The court restores legislative power to the National Assembly. However, the court's decision still allows President Nicolas Maduro to enter joint-venture deals. ](/news/2017/04/1/venezuela-s-supreme-court-reverses-their-controversial-ruling-the-court-restores-legislative-power-to-the-national-assembly-however-the-c.md) _Context: 2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly, National Assembly, Nicolás Maduro, Supreme Court_
2. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six  to four years can not be applied retroactively,  thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office-from-six-to-four-years-can.md) _Context: Nicolás Maduro, Supreme Court, Venezuela_
4. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
5. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
9. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders,  just  days before  Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursday-s-scheduled-nat.md) _Context: Nicolás Maduro, Venezuela_
