### [2017-03-30](/news/2017/03/30/index.md)

# Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. 

The Kremlin paid an army of more than 1,000 people to create fake anti-Hillary Clinton news stories targeting key swing states, the leading Democrat on the committee looking into alleged Russian interference in the US election has said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/30/politics/michael-flynn-immunity-testimony/)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/30/politics/senate-intelligence-committee-hearing-russia/)
3. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/russian-trolls-hilary-clinton-fake-news-election-democrat-mark-warner-intelligence-committee-a7657641.html/)

### Related:

1. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-cr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-adv.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
3. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boe.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Michael Flynn_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
7. [United States embargoes. The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/united-states-embargoes-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-l.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
9. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
10. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
