### [2008-06-11](/news/2008/06/11/index.md)

#  Former basketball referee Tim Donaghy accuses other referees in the National Basketball Association of rigging games, including Game 6 in the 2002 Western Conference Finals, allowing the Los Angeles Lakers to win that game, the series, and ultimately the 2002 NBA Finals. 

A Tim Donaghy letter to the court alleges improper conduct by referees in the NBA.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://sports.espn.go.com/nba/news/story?id=3436401)

### Related:

1. [ In basketball, Tim Duncan, who played his entire 19-season NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs, where he won five NBA titles and two MVP awards, made 15 All-Star appearances and made the All-NBA first team 10 times, announces his retirement. ](/news/2016/07/11/in-basketball-tim-duncan-who-played-his-entire-19-season-nba-career-with-the-san-antonio-spurs-where-he-won-five-nba-titles-and-two-mvp.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
2. [In basketball, American star Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers announces he will retire at the end of the season. ](/news/2015/11/29/in-basketball-american-star-kobe-bryant-of-the-los-angeles-lakers-announces-he-will-retire-at-the-end-of-the-season.md) _Context: Los Angeles Lakers, basketball_
3. [In basketball, Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors is named as Most Valuable Player of the North American National Basketball Association for the 2014-15 NBA season. ](/news/2015/05/4/in-basketball-stephen-curry-of-the-golden-state-warriors-is-named-as-most-valuable-player-of-the-north-american-national-basketball-associa.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
4. [Basketball:In a reversal of recent reports, banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling withdraws his approval for the sale of the team to Steve Ballmer, and will pursue a US$1 billion lawsuit in federal court against the NBA and league commissioner Adam Silver. ](/news/2014/06/9/basketball-pin-a-reversal-of-recent-reports-banned-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-withdraws-his-approval-for-the-sale-of-the-te.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
5. [In North American basketball, the National Basketball Association holds its annual draft in the Barclays Center in Brooklyn with the Cleveland Cavaliers selecting Canadian Andrew Wiggins as the first pick. ](/news/2014/06/26/in-north-american-basketball-the-national-basketball-association-holds-its-annual-draft-in-the-barclays-center-in-brooklyn-with-the-clevela.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
6. [In basketball, David Blatt, who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the Euroleague title this past season, has reportedly reached a deal to become the new head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt is the first Euroleague coach to become an NBA head coach. ](/news/2014/06/20/in-basketball-david-blatt-who-coached-maccabi-tel-aviv-to-the-euroleague-title-this-past-season-has-reportedly-reached-a-deal-to-become-t.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
7. [In basketball, the NBA announces that it has approved the US$2 billion bid of former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for the Los Angeles Clippers. The sale must still be approved by the league's owners, and banned Clippers owner Donald Sterling has filed a $1 billion lawsuit against the NBA. The sale price far exceeds the previous NBA record of $550 million paid for the Milwaukee Bucks earlier this year. ](/news/2014/05/30/in-basketball-the-nba-announces-that-it-has-approved-the-us-2-billion-bid-of-former-microsoft-ceo-steve-ballmer-for-the-los-angeles-clipper.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
8. [In basketball, the NBA team known as the Charlotte Bobcats since 2004|start officially changes its name to the Charlotte Hornets. The team also reclaims the history and records of the franchise now known as the New Orleans Pelicans starting with the 1988|app=season and ending with 2001, a period in which that franchise played as the Charlotte Hornets. ](/news/2014/05/20/in-basketball-the-nba-team-known-as-the-charlotte-bobcats-since-2004-start-officially-changes-its-name-to-the-charlotte-hornets-the-team-a.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
9. [In basketball, the owners of the NBA's Sacramento Kings reportedly reach an agreement to sell a controlling stake in the team to a Seattle-based group, fueling speculation that the team will move to Seattle. ](/news/2013/01/20/in-basketball-the-owners-of-the-nba-s-sacramento-kings-reportedly-reach-an-agreement-to-sell-a-controlling-stake-in-the-team-to-a-seattle-b.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
10. [In basketball, the North American National Basketball Association cancels the remainder of the preseason due to the 2011 NBA lockout, with cancellation of games in the regular season occurring if the lockout continues for another week. ](/news/2011/10/4/in-basketball-the-north-american-national-basketball-association-cancels-the-remainder-of-the-preseason-due-to-the-2011-nba-lockout-with-c.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
