### [2008-06-11](/news/2008/06/11/index.md)

#  Kosovo adopts a national anthem named "Europe"; composed by Mendi Menxhiqi, it comes without lyrics in any language to avoid offending the newly independent state's Serbian minority. 




### Source:

1. [B-92](http://www.b92.net/eng/news/politics-article.php?yyyy=2008&mm=06&dd=11&nav_id=51011)
2. [International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/06/11/europe/kosovo.php)

### Related:

1. [ Suspended Serb prison workers from Lipljan, Kosovo, claim that Serbia has not paid them money promised for leaving the Kosovo institutions. ](/news/2008/04/2/suspended-serb-prison-workers-from-lipljan-kosovo-claim-that-serbia-has-not-paid-them-money-promised-for-leaving-the-kosovo-institutions.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbian_
2. [ At least 500,000 Serbs rally in Belgrade to protest against Kosovo's declaration of independence over the weekend. ](/news/2008/02/21/at-least-500-000-serbs-rally-in-belgrade-to-protest-against-kosovo-s-declaration-of-independence-over-the-weekend.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbian_
3. [ Unrest in Kosovo: After two Albanian children are found drowned in the Ibar river in Kosovo, with a third still missing, riots erupt in the town of Kosovska Mitrovica and later spread to the entire province. Mitrovica Serbs are blamed by Albanian media for forcing the children into the river, but this is later denied by United Nations officials. At least 22 people are killed by the end of the day with hundreds injured in clashes between Serbs and Albanians; enclaves of Kosovo Serbs elsewhere in the province experience attacks by Kosovo Albanians as well as offices of UN officials which were abandoned. In reaction to the violence in Kosovo, demonstrators in Serbia march in Belgrade and set ablaze mosques in Belgrade and Nish. ](/news/2004/03/17/unrest-in-kosovo-after-two-albanian-children-are-found-drowned-in-the-ibar-river-in-kosovo-with-a-third-still-missing-riots-erupt-in-the.md) _Context: Kosovo, Serbian_
4. [Voters in Kosovo go to the polls for a snap election to replace the government of Prime Minister Isa Mustafa, who was removed from office in a no-confidence motion last month. ](/news/2017/06/11/voters-in-kosovo-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-election-to-replace-the-government-of-prime-minister-isa-mustafa-who-was-removed-from-office-in.md) _Context: Kosovo_
5. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: Kosovo_
6. [Hashim Thaci is sworn in as the new President of Kosovo. ](/news/2016/04/7/hashim-thaassi-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-president-of-kosovo.md) _Context: Kosovo_
7. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Kosovo_
8. [Kosovo opposition lawmakers twice disrupt today's session of parliament by tossing tear gas into the chamber to protest recent changes giving the country's Serb minority greater powers, and demanding the government's resignation and snap elections. ](/news/2016/02/19/kosovo-opposition-lawmakers-twice-disrupt-today-s-session-of-parliament-by-tossing-tear-gas-into-the-chamber-to-protest-recent-changes-givin.md) _Context: Kosovo_
9. [Anti-Serbian protesters set fire to the government's headquarters in Kosovo's capital, Pristina, over an EU-brokered deal that will give Kosovo's ethnic Serb minority greater local powers. ](/news/2016/01/9/anti-serbian-protesters-set-fire-to-the-government-s-headquarters-in-kosovo-s-capital-pristina-over-an-eu-brokered-deal-that-will-give-kos.md) _Context: Kosovo_
10. [Authorities arrest four Kosovo jihadists men, three in Italy and one in Kosovo, for making nonspecific threats against Pope Francis and the former U.S. Ambassador to Kosovo. The men are described by police as highly dangerous and as having celebrated the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/12/2/authorities-arrest-four-kosovo-jihadists-men-three-in-italy-and-one-in-kosovo-for-making-nonspecific-threats-against-pope-francis-and-the.md) _Context: Kosovo_
