### [2008-06-11](/news/2008/06/11/index.md)

#  President George W. Bush says that he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but "all options are on the table" in a joint media conference with the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. 

President George W. Bush said on Wednesday he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but reiterated that all options are on the table.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSBAT00226220080611)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, George W. Bush, President_
2. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy warn Syria to break with Iran and state that they will not allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. ](/news/2008/06/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-warn-syria-to-break-with-iran-and-state-that.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, President_
3. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, President_
4. [ Admiral William Fallon resigns as Commander of the U.S. Central Command due to reports in ''Esquire Magazine'' of disagreement with President George W. Bush over the administration's policy with Iran. ](/news/2008/03/11/admiral-william-fallon-resigns-as-commander-of-the-u-s-central-command-due-to-reports-in-esquire-magazine-of-disagreement-with-preside.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, President_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush holds talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in Kennebunkport, Maine discussing missile defense and Iran. ](/news/2007/07/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-holds-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-kennebunkport-maine-discussing-missile-defense-an.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, President_
6. [ George W. Bush, the President of the United States says that Syria and Iran might be included in regional talks on the future of Iraq if they meet certain conditions. ](/news/2006/12/7/george-w-bush-the-president-of-the-united-states-says-that-syria-and-iran-might-be-included-in-regional-talks-on-the-future-of-iraq-if-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, President_
7. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, President_
8. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel states that Iran's response to the incentives by world powers aiming to persuade it to give up nuclear power is unsatisfactory. ](/news/2006/08/24/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-states-that-iran-s-response-to-the-incentives-by-world-powers-aiming-to-persuade-it-to-give-up-nuclear-powe.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, Iran_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, President_
10. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Iran, President_
