### [2008-06-11](/news/2008/06/11/index.md)

#  The United States Food and Drug Administration has received 167 reported incidents of Salmonellosis from eating tainted tomatoes in 17 states with New Mexico and Texas the worst affected areas. 

U.S. health officials said on Wednesday they are still receiving reports of people falling ill from eating Salmonella-tainted tomatoes and that they now have 167 reported cases from 17 states.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN1127403120080612)

### Related:

1. [ McDonald's stops serving sliced tomatoes in its hamburgers in the United States following a Salmonella Saintpaul outbreak linked to raw tomatoes. ](/news/2008/06/9/mcdonald-s-stops-serving-sliced-tomatoes-in-its-hamburgers-in-the-united-states-following-a-salmonella-saintpaul-outbreak-linked-to-raw-tom.md) _Context: Salmonellosis, United States, tomato_
2. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017. Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
3. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
4. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
5. [Bahamian-United States relations. 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: New Mexico, Texas_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
9. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, United States_
10. [Houston mayoral election, 2015. Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/houston-mayoral-election-2015-residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
