### [2016-06-26](/news/2016/06/26/index.md)

# Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. 

One civilian and six Boko Haram fighters killed during operation to evacuate four villages in the country&#39;s northeast.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/nigeria-5000-rescued-boko-haram-borno-160626094621430.html)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
2. [Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-estimated-82-schoolgirls-who-were-among-about-220-kidnapp.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
3. [According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his  belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-damboa-borno-state-a-s.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigerian Army_
4. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri.  ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
5. [The Nigerian Army claims to have rescued more than 800 hostages from Boko Haram while performing a "clearance operation" in the Northeastern part of Nigeria with fighting killing 22 insurgents. ](/news/2016/03/25/the-nigerian-army-claims-to-have-rescued-more-than-800-hostages-from-boko-haram-while-performing-a-clearance-operation-in-the-northeastern.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria, Nigerian Army_
6. [According to a civilian vigilante, 20 people are killed after Boko Haram militants open fire on cars outside a village in Nigeria's restive northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/10/21/according-to-a-civilian-vigilante-20-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-open-fire-on-cars-outside-a-village-in-nigeria-s-restive.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
7. [A bomb attack consistent with Boko Haram kills 50 people in Nigeria's Borno State. ](/news/2015/08/11/a-bomb-attack-consistent-with-boko-haram-kills-50-people-in-nigeria-s-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State, Nigeria_
8. [A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-least-90-people-and-injur.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Borno State_
9. [ President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants-from-their-last-stron.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
10. [The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-are-tied-to-boko-haram.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Nigeria_
