### [2016-06-26](/news/2016/06/26/index.md)

# In football, Chile wins the Copa America, defeating Argentina in a penalty shootout after regular time and extra time end scoreless. 

The Albiceleste went in search of a first major tournament success since 1993 but current holders Chile were seeking to retain their crown


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-06-27/lionel-messi-done-with-international-football-copa-america/7547432)
2. [Daily Mirror](http://www.mirror.co.uk/sport/football/news/copa-america-final-live-score-8290131)

### Related:

1. [  In football, the Chile national football team win the Copa America for the first time, defeating Argentina 4-1 in a penalty shoot-out following a 0-0 draw.](/news/2015/07/4/in-football-the-chile-national-football-team-win-the-copa-ama-c-rica-for-the-first-time-defeating-argentina-4a1-in-a-penalty-shoot-out-f.md) _Context: Argentina, Chile, Copa America_
2. [In association football, Toronto FC play Seattle Sounders FC in the MLS Cup final held at Toronto's BMO Field. The Sounders win 5-4 in a penalty shootout after the game ended scoreless after extra time. It is the Sounders' first MLS title. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-association-football-toronto-fc-play-seattle-sounders-fc-in-the-mls-cup-final-held-at-toronto-s-bmo-field-the-sounders-win-5a4-in-a-p.md) _Context: association football, penalty shootout_
3. [In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-and-argentina-wins-the-2015-fifa-ballon-d-or-for-his-fifth-time-barassa-manager-luis.md) _Context: Argentina, association football_
4. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: association football, penalty shootout_
5. [In association football, Lionel Messi of Argentina wins the 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or as the best player for a third consecutive time. Abby Wambach of the United States wins the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award, the first time in ten years that an American has won the award. ](/news/2013/01/7/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-argentina-wins-the-2012-fifa-ballon-d-or-as-the-best-player-for-a-third-consecutive-time-abby-wamb.md) _Context: Argentina, association football_
6. [In association football, 8 players from the Mexico national football team's Copa America squad are suspended for six months. ](/news/2011/06/28/in-association-football-8-players-from-the-mexico-national-football-team-s-copa-ama-c-rica-squad-are-suspended-for-six-months.md) _Context: Copa America, association football_
7. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
8. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: association football_
9. [Manchester United complete the signing of Paul Pogba on five-year deal from Juventus for a world record transfer fee of PS89m (EUR105m), making Pogba the most expensive football player ever. ](/news/2016/08/8/manchester-united-complete-the-signing-of-paul-pogba-on-five-year-deal-from-juventus-for-a-world-record-transfer-fee-of-aps89m-a-105m-mak.md) _Context: association football_
10. [In football, host nation France plays against Portugal for the 2016 UEFA European Championship at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis.  Portugal wins 1-0 with an Eder goal in extra time. ](/news/2016/07/10/in-football-host-nation-france-plays-against-portugal-for-the-2016-uefa-european-championship-at-the-stade-de-france-in-saint-denis-portu.md) _Context: association football_
