### [2016-06-26](/news/2016/06/26/index.md)

# Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. 

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn announces a reshaped shadow cabinet following a wave of resignations in protest at his leadership.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-36632956)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-36633244#)
3. [Parliament UK](https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/131215)

### Related:

1. [Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-scottish-independence-from-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon, United Kingdom_
2. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
5. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
6. [According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom-to-leave-the-european-union-as-voter-anxiety-rises.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
7. [The UK may not face a credit rating downgrade if it votes to leave the EU in a referendum due by the end of 2017, according to the lead UK analyst at Moody's. ](/news/2015/11/22/the-uk-may-not-face-a-credit-rating-downgrade-if-it-votes-to-leave-the-eu-in-a-referendum-due-by-the-end-of-2017-according-to-the-lead-uk-a.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
8. [The Scottish Parliament elects Nicola Sturgeon as the first female First Minister of Scotland. ](/news/2014/11/19/the-scottish-parliament-elects-nicola-sturgeon-as-the-first-female-first-minister-of-scotland.md) _Context: First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon, Scottish Parliament_
9. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
10. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: European Union, United Kingdom_
