### [2004-04-8](/news/2004/04/8/index.md)

#  NASA announces that the mission of Spirit and Opportunity will be extended by five months. 

From newly charted astronomical anomalies at the far reaches of the universe to the rise of nanotechnology, nobody covers science and the latest discoveries like Reuters.com.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/space/04/08/mars.rovers/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=scienceNews&storyID=4790517&section=news)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ NASA isolates the flash memory aboard "Spirit" as the most probable cause of communications problems; work continues on a method to operate the rover without it. MER-B "Opportunity" successfully lands on Mars and continues communications through all stages.](/news/2004/01/24/nasa-isolates-the-flash-memory-aboard-spirit-as-the-most-probable-cause-of-communications-problems-work-continues-on-a-method-to-operate.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA, Opportunity, Spirit_
2. [ The NASA Mars Exploration Rover Mission robotic Spirit rover sends back a partial panoramic view from the top of "Husband Hill" at Gusev Crater on Mars. ](/news/2005/09/2/the-nasa-mars-exploration-rover-mission-robotic-spirit-rover-sends-back-a-partial-panoramic-view-from-the-top-of-husband-hill-at-gusev-cr.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA_
3. [ Exploration of Mars: NASA announces that Mars rover "Opportunity" landed in an area where "liquid water once drenched the surface". ](/news/2004/03/2/exploration-of-mars-nasa-announces-that-mars-rover-opportunity-landed-in-an-area-where-liquid-water-once-drenched-the-surface.md) _Context: NASA, Opportunity_
4. [ "Mars Exploration Rover Mission": Mars surface temperatures appear to vary more frequently and dramatically than on Earth, preliminary data from NASA's Opportunity rover shows.](/news/2004/02/13/mars-exploration-rover-mission-mars-surface-temperatures-appear-to-vary-more-frequently-and-dramatically-than-on-earth-preliminary-data.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA_
5. [ Exploration of Mars: The first color images have been released from the Spirit rover on Mars. They are the highest resolution images ever taken on the surface of another planet. It has also been announced by NASA that they plan to name the rover's landing site on Mars "Columbia Memorial Station" in honor of the crew of STS-107.](/news/2004/01/6/exploration-of-mars-the-first-color-images-have-been-released-from-the-spirit-rover-on-mars-they-are-the-highest-resolution-images-ever-t.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
6. [ Exploration of Mars: American Mars probe "Spirit" mission is successful and is sending back images. Spirit is alive after rolling to a stop on the surface of Mars; confirmed by NASA's Deep Space Network (9:00 p.m. PST).](/news/2004/01/4/exploration-of-mars-american-mars-probe-spirit-mission-is-successful-and-is-sending-back-images-spirit-is-alive-after-rolling-to-a-stop.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA_
7. [ NASA's Spirit rover communicated with Earth in a signal detected by NASA's Deep Space Network antenna complex near Madrid, Spain, at 12:34 Universal Time (4:34 am PST) this morning. The transmissions came during a communication window about 90 minutes after Spirit woke up for the morning on Mars. The signal lasted for 10 minutes at a data rate of 10 bits per second. Mission controllers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, plan to send commands to Spirit seeking additional data from the spacecraft during the subsequent few hours. The flight team for NASA's Spirit received data from the rover in another communication session that began at 13:26 Universal Time (5:26 am PST) and lasted 20 minutes at a data rate of 120 bits per second.](/news/2004/01/23/nasa-s-spirit-rover-communicated-with-earth-in-a-signal-detected-by-nasa-s-deep-space-network-antenna-complex-near-madrid-spain-at-12-34.md) _Context: NASA, Spirit_
8. [ Mars Exploration Rover Mission: MER-A "Spirit" rover stops transmitting meaningful data and has thought to have gone into safe mode. The cause of this is unknown but the rover is still able to send back a simple acknowledgement tone.](/news/2004/01/22/mars-exploration-rover-mission-mer-a-spirit-rover-stops-transmitting-meaningful-data-and-has-thought-to-have-gone-into-safe-mode-the-ca.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
9. [ NASA's Spirit rover arrives at its initial destination, a rock named ""Adirondack"", and prepares for analysis.](/news/2004/01/19/nasa-s-spirit-rover-arrives-at-its-initial-destination-a-rock-named-adirondack-and-prepares-for-analysis.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, NASA_
10. [ Mars Exploration Rover Mission: The "Spirit"'s air bags that cushioned its landing on Mars have been obstructing the vehicle's path, and this complication has postponed its exit of the launch vehicle until Wednesday or Thursday.](/news/2004/01/12/mars-exploration-rover-mission-the-spirit-s-air-bags-that-cushioned-its-landing-on-mars-have-been-obstructing-the-vehicle-s-path-and-th.md) _Context: Mars Exploration Rover Mission, Spirit_
