### [2013-07-24](/news/2013/07/24/index.md)

# Scientists warn that a massive release of methane resulting from Arctic sea ice decline could cause significant global disruption, potentially costing the world economy an extra US$ 60 trillion to $400 trillion from the effects of global warming and climate change.  The full impact of climate change in the Arctic, including, for example, ocean acidification, and altered ocean and atmospheric circulation, will be much greater.

The sudden release from the melting Arctic of vast quantities of methane – a greenhouse gas at least 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide –is an “economic time-bomb” that could explode at a cost of $60 trillion (£40tr) to the global economy, a study has concluded.


### Source:

1. [Nature](http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v499/n7459/full/499401a.html)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/economic-timebomb-methane-from-melting-arctic-could-cost-global-economy-40tr-8730408.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis encourages bishops from around the world to sign an appeal to world leaders, meeting in Paris next month, for crucial climate change talks. In a major teaching document in June, the encyclical Laudato Si' (Latin: Praised be), Francis denounced what he called the "structurally perverse" fossil fuel-based world economy that exploits the poor and destroys the habitability of the Earth for humans. ](/news/2015/10/19/pope-francis-encourages-bishops-from-around-the-world-to-sign-an-appeal-to-world-leaders-meeting-in-paris-next-month-for-crucial-climate-c.md) _Context: climate change, world economy_
2. [At the 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Google unveils an initiative using Google Earth allowing users to view the effects of deforestation, impacts and videos on global warming and climate change. ](/news/2010/12/1/at-the-2010-united-nations-climate-change-conference-google-unveils-an-initiative-using-google-earth-allowing-users-to-view-the-effects-of.md) _Context: climate change, effects of global warming_
3. [ The 2006 meeting of the G20 industrial nations in Melbourne ends, with discussions centering on the global economy and climate change. Protesters clash with police during the event. ](/news/2006/11/19/the-2006-meeting-of-the-g20-industrial-nations-in-melbourne-ends-with-discussions-centering-on-the-global-economy-and-climate-change-prot.md) _Context: climate change, world economy_
4. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
5. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: climate change_
6. [A methane gas explosion occurs at a coal mine in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine, killing at least eight miners, with another 20 unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/03/2/a-methane-gas-explosion-occurs-at-a-coal-mine-in-lviv-oblast-ukraine-killing-at-least-eight-miners-with-another-20-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: methane_
7. [The parent company of Burger King announces plans to purchase Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, operator of the Popeyes chicken restaurant chain in a US$1.8 billion deal. ](/news/2017/02/21/the-parent-company-of-burger-king-announces-plans-to-purchase-popeyes-louisiana-kitchen-operator-of-the-popeyes-chicken-restaurant-chain-in.md) _Context: US$_
8. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: US$_
9. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide ({{chem|C|O|2}}) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol ({{chem|C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H}}). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing {{chem|C|O|2}} in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-chem-c-o-2-a.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [A new study  by scientists from 14 research institutions, that is published in the March 2016 Global Change Biology Journal, finds all U.S. forests are threatened by drought and climate change.  ](/news/2016/02/22/a-new-study-by-scientists-from-14-research-institutions-that-is-published-in-the-march-2016-global-change-biology-journal-finds-all-u-s.md) _Context: climate change_
