### [2004-12-1](/news/2004/12/1/index.md)

# U.S. President George W. Bush holds talks with Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada in his first official visit to the country and agrees to work together to combat terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4053747.stm)

### Related:

1. [ President George W. Bush bids farewell to the United States in a 15-minute televised address, during which he touted his record and warned his successor, Barack Obama, to maintain an aggressive stance against terrorism. ](/news/2009/01/15/president-george-w-bush-bids-farewell-to-the-united-states-in-a-15-minute-televised-address-during-which-he-touted-his-record-and-warned.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, terrorism_
2. [ President of the United States George W. Bush, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and the Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper to meet later this month under the North American Security and Prosperity Partnership (SPP) mechanism to discuss economic and security issues. ](/news/2007/08/15/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-to-meet.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
3. [ American President George W. Bush states that the war against terrorism is "the calling of our generation" and urged Americans to put aside differences and fight to victory. ](/news/2006/09/11/american-president-george-w-bush-states-that-the-war-against-terrorism-is-the-calling-of-our-generation-and-urged-americans-to-put-aside.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, terrorism_
4. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, George W. Bush, Paul Martin_
5. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5941189/ (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http://www.misleader.org/daily_mislead/Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/B/BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean/AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, terrorism_
6. [ The United States will focus its foreign policy on bringing democracy to all peoples of the Middle East. In a major policy speech, US President George W. Bush states that some states people of the region should have responsible democratic leaders, announcing a new American "forward strategy of freedom in the Middle East." Bush states a failure to establish democracy in Iraq would embolden terrorists around the world, increase the danger to the US, and extinguish the hopes of millions in the region. "Our commitment to democracy is being tested in the Middle East," Bush states. He describes democratic reforms in the region as the next great turning point and blames decades of post-colonial Western foreign policy for allowing the many dictatorships and violent theocracies to develop. "As long as the Middle East remains a place where freedom does not flourish," Bush states, "it will remain a place of stagnation, resentment and violence ready for export. And with the spread of weapons that can bring catastrophic harm to our country and to our friends, it would be reckless to accept the status quo."](/news/2003/11/6/the-united-states-will-focus-its-foreign-policy-on-bringing-democracy-to-all-peoples-of-the-middle-east-in-a-major-policy-speech-us-presi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, terrorism_
7. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
8. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
9. [United States President Barack Obama signs the National Defense Authorization Act into law allowing the indefinite imprisonment of any United States citizen under suspect of terrorism without need of trial. ](/news/2011/12/31/united-states-president-barack-obama-signs-the-national-defense-authorization-act-into-law-allowing-the-indefinite-imprisonment-of-any-unite.md) _Context: U.S. President, terrorism_
10. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
