### [2011-01-19](/news/2011/01/19/index.md)

# A 7.2 magnitude earthquake hits Pakistan with an epicentre 50 kilometres west of the town of Dalbandin. 

A powerful earthquake hit southwest Pakistan on Wednesday, geologists said, but there were no immediate reports of casualties.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/pakistan/8268148/Powerful-earthquake-shakes-Pakistan.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 Afghanistan earthquake. A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/2016-afghanistan-earthquake-a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-i.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
2. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
3. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
4. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake. Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339 with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-contro.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
5. [A magnitude 7.7 earthquake strikes Balochistan in western Pakistan with at least 40 people dead. ](/news/2013/09/24/a-magnitude-7-7-earthquake-strikes-balochistan-in-western-pakistan-with-at-least-40-people-dead.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
6. [2013 Sistan and Baluchestan earthquake:. At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-sistan-and-baluchestan-earthquake-at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
7. [ 2008 Sichuan earthquake. Xinhua reports that the confirmed death toll from the 2008 Sichuan earthquake has reached nearly 15,000. Nearly sixty thousand people remain missing near the epicentre of the earthquake. ](/news/2008/05/14/2008-sichuan-earthquake-xinhua-reports-that-the-confirmed-death-toll-from-the-2008-sichuan-earthquake-has-reached-nearly-15-000-nearly-si.md) _Context: earthquake, epicentre_
8. [ Hawaii earthquake: A 6.7-magnitude earthquake and a series of aftershocks hit the U.S. state of Hawaii at 7:07am local time, with an epicentre 9 miles (14 km) NNW of Kalaoa. 95% of power was lost throughout the state. Widespread structural damage on the Big Island is being reported, but no major injuries and no fatalities as of yet. Airports are only accepting incoming flights. ](/news/2006/10/15/hawaii-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-and-a-series-of-aftershocks-hit-the-u-s-state-of-hawaii-at-7-07am-local-time-with-an-epicen.md) _Context: earthquake, epicentre_
9. [ A strong earthquake measuring 6.7 on the moment magnitude scale hits Greece at 13:34. The earthquake's epicentre was in the sea region 25&nbsp;km east of the island of Kythira, about 200&nbsp;km south of Athens. Although it was felt as far as Sicily, south Italy, Egypt, and Amman in Jordan, it was not disastrous due to its deep hypocentre and the sea-bed epicentre. Little damage (mainly in Kythira) and few light injuries are reported. ](/news/2006/01/8/a-strong-earthquake-measuring-6-7-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-hits-greece-at-13-34-the-earthquake-s-epicentre-was-in-the-sea-region-25-n.md) _Context: earthquake, epicentre_
10. [ 2005 South Asia earthquake: An earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale occurred at 08:52:38 UTC in a Pakistan- disputed territory of Kashmir, killing over 175,000 people. ](/news/2005/10/8/2005-south-asia-earthquake-an-earthquake-measuring-7-6-on-the-richter-scale-occurred-at-08-52-38-utc-in-a-pakistan-disputed-territory-of.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
