### [2011-01-19](/news/2011/01/19/index.md)

# A United States Federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner for attempted murder of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and two of her aides with further charges pending. 

A federal grand jury in Arizona indicted Jared Lee Loughner on Wednesday on charges of attempting to assassinate Democratic Representative Gabrielle Giffords and the attempted murder of two of her staff members.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/01/19/AR2011011905340.html?wpisrc=nl_natlalert)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE70J09520110120?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords, United States, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Representative Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona announces her resignation from office to focus on her recovery after surviving an attempted assassination in 2011. ](/news/2012/01/22/representative-gabrielle-giffords-of-arizona-announces-her-resignation-from-office-to-focus-on-her-recovery-after-surviving-an-attempted-ass.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
3. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: Gabrielle Giffords, United States, United States House of Representatives_
4. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
5. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
6. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the  Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-a-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
7. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
8. [Following an unexpected primary loss to Dave Brat, United States House Representative Eric Cantor announces his intent to step down from his office as House Majority Leader. ](/news/2014/06/11/following-an-unexpected-primary-loss-to-dave-brat-united-states-house-representative-eric-cantor-announces-his-intent-to-step-down-from-his.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
9. [Five people are killed and 17 are injured in Vail, Arizona, United States, when a car accident occurs during a U.S. Border Patrol pursuit. ](/news/2013/04/20/five-people-are-killed-and-17-are-injured-in-vail-arizona-united-states-when-a-car-accident-occurs-during-a-u-s-border-patrol-pursuit.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
10. [Daylight saving time goes into effect across the United States (except Arizona and Hawaii) and Canada (except Saskatchewan). ](/news/2013/03/10/daylight-saving-time-goes-into-effect-across-the-united-states-except-arizona-and-hawaii-and-canada-except-saskatchewan.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
