### [2011-01-19](/news/2011/01/19/index.md)

# Rudolf Elmer:Former Swiss bank employee Rudolf Elmer, who passed details of rich tax evaders to the WikiLeaks website, is found guilty of breaching Switzerland's strict bank secrecy laws. 

Swiss police re-arrest ex-banker Rudolf Elmer over the passing of data to WikiLeaks, hours after he was found guilty of breaching a secrecy law.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-12231036)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-12234139)
3. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/news/world/banker-detained-for-helping-wikileaks-1.1014304)

### Related:

1. [Rudolf Elmer, a former Swiss banker of Julius Baer passes files detailing tax evasion attempts by hundreds of politicians, celebrities and business leaders to Wikileaks. ](/news/2011/01/17/rudolf-elmer-a-former-swiss-banker-of-julius-baer-passes-files-detailing-tax-evasion-attempts-by-hundreds-of-politicians-celebrities-and-b.md) _Context: Rudolf Elmer, WikiLeaks_
2. [''Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority''Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-pswedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
3. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
5. [WikiLeaks releases 500 internal documents and emails allegedly from the American Embassy in Sana'a, Yemen. ](/news/2016/11/25/wikileaks-releases-500-internal-documents-and-emails-allegedly-from-the-american-embassy-in-sana-a-yemen.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
6. [Imprisoned former American Army intelligence analyst and transgender person Chelsea Manning, who is serving a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth, will have the military provide the costs of gender reassignment surgery. She was convicted by court-martial in July 2013 of violations of the Espionage Act and other offenses, after disclosing to WikiLeaks nearly three-quarters of a million classified or unclassified but sensitive military and diplomatic documents. ](/news/2016/09/13/imprisoned-former-american-army-intelligence-analyst-and-transgender-person-chelsea-manning-who-is-serving-a-35-year-sentence-at-fort-leave.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
7. [WikiLeaks announces that it is offering $20,000 for information leading to a conviction in last month's shooting death of 27-year-old Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich in Bloomingdale, Washington, D.C.. Police say they believe Rich was likely killed in an attempted robbery. ](/news/2016/08/9/wikileaks-announces-that-it-is-offering-20-000-for-information-leading-to-a-conviction-in-last-month-s-shooting-death-of-27-year-old-democr.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
8. [Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie-wasserman-schultz-supported-the-candidacy-of.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
9. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
10. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: WikiLeaks_
