### [2016-07-12](/news/2016/07/12/index.md)

# 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Citibank notifies the Venezuelan government it will close the accounts of the Venezuelan Central Bank and the Bank of Venezuela in 30 days after conducting a "periodic risk management review." Venezuela relies on Citibank to conduct foreign currency transactions due to the country's strict currency controls. 

Citibank will close the accounts of the Venezuelan Central Bank and the Bank of Venezuela, a move President Nicolas Maduro called a &quot;financial blockade.&quot;


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/07/13/Citibank-to-close-Venezuelan-government-accounts-Maduro-slams-financial-blockade/9901468420097/?spt=rln&or=4)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan protests. A student is killed amid gunfire in El Tigre, raising the death toll in protests against Nicolas Maduro's government to at least 37 in the past month. ](/news/2017/05/4/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-student-is-killed-amid-gunfire-in-el-tigre-raising-the-death-toll-in-protests-against-nicola-s-maduro-s-governm.md) _Context: government_
2. [General Motors halts production in Venezuela after the government seizes its plants. ](/news/2017/04/20/general-motors-halts-production-in-venezuela-after-the-government-seizes-its-plants.md) _Context: government_
3. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. An unknown gunman shoots a Venezuelan police officer dead. Two other officers sustain injuries during protests against the Government of Venezuela. Approximately 120 Opposition supporters also sustain injuries during the protests. ](/news/2016/10/26/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-a-venezuelan-police-officer-dead-two-other-officers-sustain-injuries-during-protest.md) _Context: government_
4. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela_
5. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela_
6. [2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro orders the seizure of factories that have stopped production and the jailing of their owners amid a nationwide state of emergency. During a speech to pro-government supporters in Caracas, he said the country had to recover the means of production, to counter its deep economic crisis. He also said military exercises would take place next weekend to counter "foreign threats". ](/news/2016/05/14/2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-orders-the-seizure-of-factories-that-have-stopped-production-and.md) _Context: 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela_
7. [2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro declares a sixty-day state of emergency. ](/news/2016/05/13/2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-declares-a-sixty-day-state-of-emergency.md) _Context: 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela_
8. [Venezuela's National Assembly, responding to last month's Central Bank of Venezuela report that the country experienced a 180.9 percent inflation increase in 2015, passes legislation, "The Law of Bonds for Food and Medicine for Retirees and Pensioners", that could make it easier for pensioners and retirees to pay for food and medicine. The approved bill has been forwarded for President Nicolas Maduro's signature. ](/news/2016/03/31/venezuela-s-national-assembly-responding-to-last-month-s-central-bank-of-venezuela-report-that-the-country-experienced-a-180-9-percent-infl.md) _Context: Venezuelan Central Bank_
9. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015. Brazil pulls out of an electoral mission to observe crucial legislative elections in Venezuela over what it says are a lack of guarantees by the government of Venezuela and its veto of the choice to head the delegation. ](/news/2015/10/20/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-brazil-pulls-out-of-an-electoral-mission-to-observe-crucial-legislative-elections-in-venezuela-over.md) _Context: government_
10. [Government of Venezuela opens a granite processing plant in the state of Bolivar, with the intention of providing about 25% of the granite required nationwide. ](/news/2013/02/17/government-of-venezuela-opens-a-granite-processing-plant-in-the-state-of-bolavar-with-the-intention-of-providing-about-25-of-the-granite.md) _Context: government_
