### [2016-07-12](/news/2016/07/12/index.md)

# After five days of fighting that left 272 people dead and thousands more displaced in the capital, Juba, President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader and Vice-President Riek Machar declare a ceasefire. 

The leaders of South Sudan&#39;s warring factions call for a ceasefire after days of fighting kill hundreds.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/07/south-sudan-president-declares-unilateral-ceasefire-160711151349444.html)

### Related:

1. [Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-with-reports-of-heavy.md) _Context: Juba, President, Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
2. [Former Vice President and opposition leader Riek Machar says he will return to the capital Juba on April 18 to form a transitional government with President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of bringing peace to South Sudan after their acrimonious split ignited more than two years of war. ](/news/2016/04/7/former-vice-president-and-opposition-leader-riek-machar-says-he-will-return-to-the-capital-juba-on-april-18-to-form-a-transitional-governmen.md) _Context: Juba, President, Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War, Vice-President_
3. [Rebel leader Riek Machar misses an international deadline to return to the capital Juba to take the post of Vice President. Machar was offered the position by President Salva Kiir Mayardit in the hopes of putting an end to the civil war but has repeatedly delayed his return. ](/news/2016/04/23/rebel-leader-riek-machar-misses-an-international-deadline-to-return-to-the-capital-juba-to-take-the-post-of-vice-president-machar-was-offer.md) _Context: Juba, President, Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War, Vice-President_
4. [An estimated 272 people have been killed between rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions as clashes in the capital, Juba, continue. According to a spokesman for rebel leader and Vice President Riek Machar, South Sudan is "back to war" despite a peace deal being reached last April. ](/news/2016/07/10/an-estimated-272-people-have-been-killed-between-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-as-clashes-in-the-capital-juba-continue-ac.md) _Context: Juba, Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
5. [Rebel leader Riek Machar arrives in the capital Juba and is immediately sworn is as Vice President upon arrival. It is hoped that this appointment will put an end to the civil war that has plagued the country since late 2013. ](/news/2016/04/26/rebel-leader-riek-machar-arrives-in-the-capital-juba-and-is-immediately-sworn-is-as-vice-president-upon-arrival-it-is-hoped-that-this-appoi.md) _Context: Juba, Riek Machar, South Sudanese Civil War, Vice-President_
6. [According to a military spokesman of the rebel SPLM-IO, at least 115 soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital, Juba. ](/news/2016/07/9/according-to-a-military-spokesman-of-the-rebel-splm-io-at-least-115-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
7. [The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes.  ](/news/2016/07/13/the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-help-evacuate-non-essential-e.md) _Context: Juba, South Sudanese Civil War, local clashes_
8. [The President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir Mayardit, sacks his entire government, including the Vice President, Riek Machar. ](/news/2013/07/23/the-president-of-south-sudan-salva-kiir-mayardit-sacks-his-entire-government-including-the-vice-president-riek-machar.md) _Context: President, Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
9. [Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government-of-interfering-in-the-cour.md) _Context: Salva Kiir Mayardit, South Sudanese Civil War_
10. [South Sudan President Salva Kiir fires six ministers allied to his long-time rival Riek Machar, replacing them  with people linked to a breakaway faction of Machar's SPLM-IO party. ](/news/2016/08/2/south-sudan-president-salva-kiir-fires-six-ministers-allied-to-his-long-time-rival-riek-machar-replacing-them-with-people-linked-to-a-brea.md) _Context: Riek Machar, Salva Kiir Mayardit_
