### [2016-07-12](/news/2016/07/12/index.md)

# AMC Theatres is purchasing  London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about PS921 million  ($1.21 billion). AMC   has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States.  Odeon & UCI  has  242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland.  AMC noted its $1.1 billion (PS835 million) acquisition of  Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. 

LOS ANGELES (AP) — The owner of the AMC Theatre chain is buying European movie theater operator Odeon &amp; UCI Cinemas Group from private equity firm Terra Firma in a deal that would make it the largest movie theater…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/80e462c00b78481ba5cf8572087b9b46/amc-theatres-buying-europes-odeon-uci-121b-deal)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2016/07/12/amc-odeon-carmike-cinemas/86980178/)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
2. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
3. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
5. [Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-following-previous-heavy-rainfall.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
6. [Tens of thousands of junior doctors rally in London (UK) near Pall Mall to protest contract changes that will reclassify their normal working week to include Saturdays and late evenings, and the government's threat to impose a new contract. ](/news/2015/10/18/tens-of-thousands-of-junior-doctors-rally-in-london-uk-near-pall-mall-to-protest-contract-changes-that-will-reclassify-their-normal-workin.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
7. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
8. [Surrounding areas of Wembley Stadium, London, UK have been evacuated following the discovery by construction crews of a still-live World War II-era 50-kg (110-llb) conventional-explosive bomb, a remnant of the Blitz. ](/news/2015/05/22/surrounding-areas-of-wembley-stadium-london-uk-have-been-evacuated-following-the-discovery-by-construction-crews-of-a-still-live-world-war.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
9. [Australian entertainer Rolf Harris is sentenced to 5 years and 9 months at Southwark Crown Court in London, United Kingdom, convicted on 12 charges of indecently assaulting female minors between 1968 and 1986. Harris will be eligible for release on licence after half of the sentence in 2017. ](/news/2014/07/4/australian-entertainer-rolf-harris-is-sentenced-to-5-years-and-9-months-at-southwark-crown-court-in-london-united-kingdom-convicted-on-12.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
