### [2016-07-12](/news/2016/07/12/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War: A car bomb explodes at an outdoor market in Baghdad, killing at least 12 people and injuring 20 more. Bombings elsewhere in Iraq kill five more people. 

BAGHDAD (AP) — A suicide car bomb ripped through an outdoor market in a Shiite-dominated northeastern district of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least 12 people, officials said, as government forces deployed across much…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d3fcebd97190475c941c602095f1bb2d/iraq-suicide-bombing-baghdad-shiite-district-kills-11)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/07/iraq-deaths-car-bomb-market-attack-baghdad-160712070446950.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing: A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
2. [Iraqi Civil War: Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/iraqi-civil-war-two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-b.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
3. [Iraqi civil war: Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Twin bombings in a pair of crowded commercial areas in Baghdad kill at least 125 people. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/3/iraqi-civil-war-twin-bombings-in-a-pair-of-crowded-commercial-areas-in-baghdad-kill-at-least-125-people-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]](/news/2016/07/24/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: A car bomb explodes at a checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing at least seven people. ](/news/2016/07/13/iraqi-civil-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-at-a-checkpoint-north-of-baghdad-killing-at-least-seven-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
7. [Iraqi Civil War : At least 12 people are killed and 32 more are injured in a suicide bombing in Baghdad. ](/news/2016/06/28/iraqi-civil-war-at-least-12-people-are-killed-and-32-more-are-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
8. [Iraqi Civil War: At least 14 people have been killed in suicide bombing attacks in Baghdad. ](/news/2016/04/24/iraqi-civil-war-at-least-14-people-have-been-killed-in-suicide-bombing-attacks-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/iraqi-civil-war-two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War_
10. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War_
