### [2016-07-12](/news/2016/07/12/index.md)

# ''Philippines v. China''The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. 

Xi Jinping says China’s ‘territorial sovereignty and marine rights’ in the seas will not be affected


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-36771749)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d6d1fe0ff98341aba8440b32b1c35ef6/china-rejects-ruling-south-china-sea-null-and-void)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/07/12/asia/china-philippines-south-china-sea/index.html?adkey=bn)
4. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/12/philippines-wins-south-china-sea-case-against-china)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/13/world/asia/south-china-sea-hague-ruling-philippines.html)

### Related:

1. [The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippines-case-against-china-over-maritime-disputes.md) _Context: China, Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines, Philippines v. China, South China Sea, disputed_
2. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines submits to The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration a 3,000-page document containing additional volumes of arguments, evidence, and maps seeking to nullify China's sweeping claim over the resource-rich South China Sea. ](/news/2015/03/17/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-submits-to-the-hague-based-permanent-court-of-arbitration-a-3-000-page-document-containing-addition.md) _Context: China, Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
3. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
4. [Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill-in-the-disputed-south-china-sea-raising-tensions.md) _Context: China, Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, ''Philippines v. China''Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-pvietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gat.md) _Context: Permanent Court of Arbitration's, Philippines v. China, South China Sea, disputed_
6. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
7. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, disputed_
8. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: China, Philippines, South China Sea, disputed_
9. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
10. [''Philippines v. China''China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2014/12/7/philippines-v-china-pchina-condemns-the-philippines-over-the-latter-s-pressure-over-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-disadvantage-of-th.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Philippines v. China, South China Sea_
