### [2016-07-12](/news/2016/07/12/index.md)

# Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. 

Bernie Sanders will appear with Hillary Clinton at an event in Portsmouth, New Hampshire — a city and state he won by wide margins.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/bernie-sanders-finally-endorse-hillary-clinton-n607591)

### Related:

1. [The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton's private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-s-access-to-its-national-voter-database-aft.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton, United States Senate, Vermont, presidential campaign_
2. [Nominally independent Senator Bernie Sanders from Vermont announces that he will be seeking the Democratic Party nomination in the US Presidential election. ](/news/2015/04/29/nominally-independent-senator-bernie-sanders-from-vermont-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-in-the-us-presid.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic Party, United States Senate, Vermont, presidential campaign_
3. [Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, United States Senate, Vermont_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016.Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-pvoters-in-the-american-state-of-nevada-take-part-in-democratic-party-caucuses-with-hillary-clint.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton_
5. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Bernie Sanders, United States Senate, Vermont_
6. [Vermont Senator  Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers  following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-and-suspends-two-staffers-following-friday.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, United States Senate, Vermont, presidential campaign_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, New Hampshire, United States Senate_
8. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton_
9. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton_
10. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton_
