### [2006-07-2](/news/2006/07/2/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. 

In weekly cabinet meeting, Olmert states &#39;Hamas members won&#39;t be nabbed only in West Bank&#39;; referring to ongoing Qassam fire, he says &#39;we cannot accept fact that southern communities are living in terrible fear, so I have instructed that in meantime, no one will sleep at night in Gaza as well&#39;


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/5137768.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/733592.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/733634.html)
4. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3269958,00.html)
5. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3269992,00.html)
6. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3270237,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects ultimatum to release all Palestinian female prisoners, prisoners under 18, and an additional 1,000 prisoners by 6 A.M. Tuesday, in exchange for information on its kidnapped  soldier Gilad Shalit. Defense Minister of Israel Amir Peretz calls Syrian President Bashar Assad to "open his eyes, because he is responsible". ](/news/2006/07/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-ultimatum-to-release-all-palestinian-female-prisoners-prisoners-und.md) _Context: Amir Peretz, Bashar Assad's, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains, Syria_
2. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel, Prime Minister_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Operation Summer Rains_
6. [ Israel launches an offensive into the southern Gaza Strip, following aerial strikes on bridges and electric power installations. Meanwhile, four Israeli war planes fly over the palace of Syria's president Bashar Assad in Latakia, reportedly while he was at the palace.  ](/news/2006/06/28/israel-launches-an-offensive-into-the-southern-gaza-strip-following-aerial-strikes-on-bridges-and-electric-power-installations-meanwhile.md) _Context: Bashar Assad's, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Syria_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Hamas leader Khaled Mashal declares at a rally in Damascus, Syria that its informal ceasefire with Israel, which expires at the end of the year, will not be renewed. ](/news/2005/12/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-declares-at-a-rally-in-damascus-syria-that-its-informal-ceasefire-with-israel.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Syria_
8. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel_
10. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Israel_
