### [2006-07-2](/news/2006/07/2/index.md)

#  Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2006/07/02/world/main1773846.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal rules unanimously that results in contested polling stations only marginally affected the lead of Felipe Caldern of the ruling National Action Party over Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador in July's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2006/08/28/mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-rules-unanimously-that-results-in-contested-polling-stations-only-marginally-affected-the-lead-of-felip.md) _Context: Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, Felipe Caldern, Mexican, Mexican general election, National Action Party (PAN)_
2. [ In Mexico's presidential election, PRD candidate Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador says he will file a legal challenge against the results of the ongoing official vote count that have him losing to the PAN's Felipe Caldern by 0.57 percentage points. ](/news/2006/07/6/in-mexico-s-presidential-election-prd-candidate-andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-says-he-will-file-a-legal-challenge-against-the-results-of-the.md) _Context: Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, Felipe Caldern, Mexican, Mexican general election, National Action Party (PAN)_
3. [ Felipe Caldern of the PAN is declared the winner of Mexico's 2 July presidential election. ](/news/2006/09/5/felipe-calderon-of-the-pan-is-declared-the-winner-of-mexico-s-2-july-presidential-election.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexican, Mexican general election, National Action Party (PAN)_
4. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexican, National Action Party (PAN), President_
5. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexican, President_
6. [ The Mexican Chamber of Deputies votes by 360 to 127 to suspend the executive immunity of Mayor Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador of Mexico City, thereby removing him from office to face criminal charges. ](/news/2005/04/7/the-mexican-chamber-of-deputies-votes-by-360-to-127-to-suspend-the-executive-immunity-of-mayor-andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-of-mexico-city.md) _Context: Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, Mexican, mayor of Mexico City_
7. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexican, President_
8. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican, President_
9. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Mexican, President_
10. [The President of Mexico Felipe Caldern travels to Washington, D.C., to meet with the President of the United States Barack Obama, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and other leading political figures. ](/news/2011/03/3/the-president-of-mexico-felipe-calderon-travels-to-washington-d-c-to-meet-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-the-speak.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, President_
