
Formats: [HTML](/news/2006/01/2/countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yesterday-russia-accuses-ukraine-o.html)  [JSON](/news/2006/01/2/countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yesterday-russia-accuses-ukraine-o.json)  [XML](/news/2006/01/2/countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yesterday-russia-accuses-ukraine-o.xml)  

### [2006-01-2](/news/2006/01/2/index.md)

##### Ukraine
#  Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. 




### Sources:

1. [Sky News](http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1207577,00.html)

### Changes:

1. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. ](/news/2006/01/2/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-p-countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yester.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute:: Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. ](/news/2006/01/2/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yester.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. ](/news/2006/01/2/countries-across-europe-report-reductions-in-gas-supplies-after-russia-disconnected-supplies-to-ukraine-yesterday-russia-accuses-ukraine-o.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Hungary, Polish, Ukraine_
2. [The European Commission orders Poland, the Czech Republic and Hungary to court over their refusal to incorporate more refugees. This is the third step in a process that may lead to fines and loss of the countries' voting rights in the European Union. ](/news/2017/12/7/the-european-commission-orders-poland-the-czech-republic-and-hungary-to-court-over-their-refusal-to-incorporate-more-refugees-this-is-the.md) _Context: Hungary, Polish_
3. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Hungary, Polish_
4. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukraine_
5. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Hungary, Polish_
