### [2006-01-2](/news/2006/01/2/index.md)

#  Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: Countries across Europe report reductions in gas supplies after Russia disconnected supplies to Ukraine yesterday. Russia accuses Ukraine of stealing 100 million cubic metres of gas yesterday from pipelines transiting the country; Ukraine denies this but has previously claimed the right to 15% of the gas as a transit toll. Hungary reports supplies are down by 40%, France and Italy by 30%, and Poland by 14%. Germany, Russia's principal customer, also reports reductions. Russian supplier Gazprom says that it will increase supplies and return them to normal by Tuesday night. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1207577,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Hungary, Poland, Ukrainian_
2. [ Russia-Ukraine gas dispute: The Russian and Ukrainian natural gas companies agree to end their dispute and resume gas supply to Ukraine under a complex price scheme in which OAO Gazprom will sell gas to the Rosukrenergo trading company (owned by Gazprom Bank and Raiffeisen Bank) for US$230 (E195) per 1,000 cubic meters as of Jan. 1, and Ukraine will buy gas from the company for US$95 (E80). ](/news/2006/01/3/russia-ukraine-gas-dispute-the-russian-and-ukrainian-natural-gas-companies-agree-to-end-their-dispute-and-resume-gas-supply-to-ukraine-und.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukrainian, restarts_
3. [  Russian natural gas supplier Gazprom cuts gas supplies to Ukraine, following Ukraine's rejection of a 460% price increase. President Vladimir Putin had offered a three-month price freeze if Ukraine would agree to pay the higher price thereafter, but this was rejected. Ukraine pays US$50 per 1000 cubic metres, Russia claims the market rate is $230. ](/news/2006/01/1/russian-natural-gas-supplier-gazprom-cuts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-following-ukraine-s-rejection-of-a-460-price-increase-president-vladi.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukrainian, restarts_
4. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukrainian_
5. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Hungary, Poland_
6. [The Russian gas company Gazprom suspends shipments of gas to Ukraine following a payment dispute. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-russian-gas-company-gazprom-suspends-shipments-of-gas-to-ukraine-following-a-payment-dispute.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukrainian_
7. [Buses from Poland and Ukraine crash outside the German city of Dresden resulting in at least nine deaths and 40 people injured. ](/news/2014/07/19/buses-from-poland-and-ukraine-crash-outside-the-german-city-of-dresden-resulting-in-at-least-nine-deaths-and-40-people-injured.md) _Context: Poland, Ukrainian_
8. [The Government of Bulgaria orders a halt to construction work on the Gazprom-led South Stream pipeline project planned to bypass Ukraine as a transit country into Europe. ](/news/2014/06/8/the-government-of-bulgaria-orders-a-halt-to-construction-work-on-the-gazprom-led-south-stream-pipeline-project-planned-to-bypass-ukraine-as.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukrainian_
9. [Russia's state-owned gas giant Gazprom says that Ukraine must pay up front for its gas after the country failed to settle its debt. ](/news/2014/06/16/russia-s-state-owned-gas-giant-gazprom-says-that-ukraine-must-pay-up-front-for-its-gas-after-the-country-failed-to-settle-its-debt.md) _Context: Gazprom, Ukrainian_
10. [In other association football news:Ukrainian club Shakhtar Donetsk wins the 2013 Copa del Sol by defeating Poland's Widzew Lodz in the final. ](/news/2013/02/2/in-other-association-football-news-pukrainian-club-shakhtar-donetsk-wins-the-2013-copa-del-sol-by-defeating-poland-s-widzew-aa3dao-in-the-f.md) _Context: Poland, Ukrainian_
