### [2010-01-4](/news/2010/01/4/index.md)

# American media report that the attacker who killed eight people at a CIA base in Afghanistan was a Jordanian triple agent. 

The suicide bomber who killed eight people inside a CIA base in Afghanistan last week was a 36-year-old Jordanian doctor who was a double agent for al-Qaeda, NBC News is reporting.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gp1tvZkaEWq2i7mc2yIwKjrUIgtA)
2. [MSNBC](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/ondeadline/post/2010/01/reports-cia-bomber-was-al-qaeda-double-agent/1)

### Related:

1. [CIA director Leon Panetta reveals Jordanian double agent Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi was not properly vetted before his suicide attack on the CIA's Forward Operating Base Chapman in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/10/19/cia-director-leon-panetta-reveals-jordanian-double-agent-humam-khalil-abu-mulal-al-balawi-was-not-properly-vetted-before-his-suicide-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA, Jordan_
2. [The suicide bomber from Jordan, Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi, who killed seven CIA agents in Afghanistan, is reported to be an al-Qaeda triple agent. ](/news/2010/01/5/the-suicide-bomber-from-jordan-humam-khalil-abu-mulal-al-balawi-who-killed-seven-cia-agents-in-afghanistan-is-reported-to-be-an-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Jordan, killed_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: CIA, Jordan_
4. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him -60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
5. [Gunfire is reported at a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) compound in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/25/gunfire-is-reported-at-a-central-intelligence-agency-cia-compound-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
6. ["The New York Times" claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-united-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
7. [ Seven American CIA agents are killed by a suicide bomb attack in a US military base in Khost Province, Afghanistan. Two of the seven killed are contractors for Blackwater Worldwide. The CIA considers contractors to be officers. ](/news/2009/12/30/seven-american-cia-agents-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-a-us-military-base-in-khost-province-afghanistan-two-of-the-seven-killed.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
8. [ The United States Supreme Court dismisses the case of the German citizen Khalid El-Masri who accuses the CIA of abducting him to a secret prison in Afghanistan where he claims he was tortured. The US government had argued that a public trial would reveal state secrets. ](/news/2007/10/9/the-united-states-supreme-court-dismisses-the-case-of-the-german-citizen-khalid-el-masri-who-accuses-the-cia-of-abducting-him-to-a-secret-p.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
9. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
10. [ "The Washington Post" reports that the Central Intelligence Agency has been operating, perhaps as illegally, a covert network of "black site" prisons for terrorist suspects in eight foreign countries, including Afghanistan, Thailand, and several Eastern European democracies for the last four years, with little or no oversight from the United States Congress. ](/news/2005/11/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-has-been-operating-perhaps-as-illegally-a-covert-network-of-black-sit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, CIA_
