### [2007-01-13](/news/2007/01/13/index.md)

#  A major earthquake measuring approximately 8.2 magnitude occurs in the north-western Pacific Ocean at 04:23:20 UTC. A tsunami is detected and a warning is issued for Russia, Japan, Marcus Island, Wake Island, Midway Island, Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Marshall Islands, Taiwan, Yap, Pohnpei, and Chuuk. 




### Source:

1. [Japan Meteorological Agency](http://www.jma.go.jp/en/tsunami/info.html)
2. [Pacific Tsunami Warning Center](http://www.prh.noaa.gov/ptwc/wmsg)
3. [US Geological Survey](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/eqcenter/recenteqsww/Quakes/us2007xmae.php)

### Related:

1. [Earthquakes in 2017. A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/earthquakes-in-2017-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-th.md) _Context: Pacific Ocean, Russia, tsunami_
2. [ An earthquake measuring 6.7 on the Richter Scale hits the southern part of Sakhalin off the coast of Russia causing a death. It also triggered a small tsunami that struck the coast of Hokkaido in Japan. ](/news/2007/08/2/an-earthquake-measuring-6-7-on-the-richter-scale-hits-the-southern-part-of-sakhalin-off-the-coast-of-russia-causing-a-death-it-also-trigge.md) _Context: Japan, Russia, tsunami_
3. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Northern Mariana Islands, Pacific Ocean_
4. [2016 Kumamoto earthquake. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake strikes near Kumamoto, Japan, collapsing several buildings killing at least four people and injuring 400. However, no tsunami warning was issued and local nuclear power plants reported no problems. ](/news/2016/04/14/2016-kumamoto-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-strikes-near-kumamoto-japan-collapsing-several-buildings-killing-at-least-four-people.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
5. [Taiwanese electronics company Foxconn agrees to buy 60% of the Japanese Sharp Corporation for 389 billion yen ($3.5 billion). ](/news/2016/03/30/taiwanese-electronics-company-foxconn-agrees-to-buy-60-of-the-japanese-sharp-corporation-for-389-billion-yen-3-5-billion.md) _Context: Japan, Taiwan_
6. [Japan-Russia relations. NATO-Russia relations. Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: Japan, Russia_
7. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-h.md) _Context: Guam, Northern Mariana Islands_
8. ["The Nikkei" reports that Japan's Sharp Corporation has accepted a 700 billion Japanese yen ($6.2 billion) takeover bid from Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-nikkei-reports-that-japan-s-sharp-corporation-has-accepted-a-700-billion-japanese-yen-6-2-billion-takeover-bid-from-taiwan-s-foxcon.md) _Context: Japan, Taiwan_
9. [Kuril Islands dispute. Russia is reportedly constructing hundreds of buildings for military use on the disputed Kunashir and Iturup islands, also claimed by Japan, in the Sea of Okhotsk. The Russian Defence Ministry said the new military buildings would help -raise the combat readiness of troops on the eastern frontiers of Russia". ](/news/2015/12/2/kuril-islands-dispute-russia-is-reportedly-constructing-hundreds-of-buildings-for-military-use-on-the-disputed-kunashir-and-iturup-islands.md) _Context: Japan, Russia_
10. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: Japan, tsunami_
