### [2007-08-31](/news/2007/08/31/index.md)

#  Hugo Chavez, the President of Venezuela, states that he will meet with FARC guerillas to mediate a dispute with the Government of Colombia about the release of captives. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters Alertnet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/N31365969.htm)

### Related:

1. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:: Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-preside.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chavez, President_
2. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! - you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chavez, President_
3. [ Colombian FARC rebels release four former members of Congress, held hostage since 2001 and 2002, in a deal brokered by Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2008/02/27/colombian-farc-rebels-release-four-former-members-of-congress-held-hostage-since-2001-and-2002-in-a-deal-brokered-by-venezuelan-president.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC, Hugo Chavez_
4. [2017 Venezuelan protests: A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-p.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President_
5. [2017 Venezuelan protests: The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-bari.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, President_
6. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
7. [Colombian peace process: The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/colombian-peace-process-the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
8. [Referendum: Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
9. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016: FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
10. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016: Referendum voters in Colombia narrowly fail to ratify a peace deal between the Government of Colombia and FARC. ](/news/2016/10/2/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-referendum-voters-in-colombia-narrowly-fail-to-ratify-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-of-col.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
