### [2007-08-31](/news/2007/08/31/index.md)

#  Talks aimed at negotiating peace in Iraq begin in Finland. (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Finland, Iraq_
2. [ Peace talks in Finland aimed at ending sectarian violence in Iraq end successfully, resulting in the "Helsinki Agreement". (Wikinews) ](/news/2007/09/3/peace-talks-in-finland-aimed-at-ending-sectarian-violence-in-iraq-end-successfully-resulting-in-the-helsinki-agreement-wikinews.md) _Context: Finland, Iraq_
3. [2017 Turku stabbing. At least two people are reportedly killed, and several others wounded in a stabbing in Turku, Finland. Police said they arrested one person after a shootout and had launched a manhunt for other possible attackers. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-turku-stabbing-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-and-several-others-wounded-in-a-stabbing-in-turku-finland-police-said-they.md) _Context: Finland_
4. [Deportation from the United States. U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/deportation-from-the-united-states-u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass.md) _Context: Iraq_
5. [Population displacement. The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Iraq_
6. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq_
7. [Battle of Mosul. The Iraqi army's chief of staff, Lt Gen Othman al-Ghanmi, states that his security forces are only days away from completing the operation to recapture Mosul from ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/11/battle-of-mosul-the-iraqi-army-s-chief-of-staff-lt-gen-othman-al-ghanmi-states-that-his-security-forces-are-only-days-away-from-completin.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [Finnish municipal elections, 2017. Voters go to the polls for municipal elections in Finland. ](/news/2017/04/9/finnish-municipal-elections-2017-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-in-finland.md) _Context: Finland_
9. [China-Finland relations. Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/china-finland-relations-chinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Finland_
10. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq_
