### [2007-08-31](/news/2007/08/31/index.md)

#  The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6971415.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Gordon Brown is confirmed as the next leader of the British Labour Party, taking effect on 24 June. Brown will succeed Tony Blair as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom when he kisses the hand of Queen Elizabeth II on 27 June. ](/news/2007/05/17/gordon-brown-is-confirmed-as-the-next-leader-of-the-british-labour-party-taking-effect-on-24-june-brown-will-succeed-tony-blair-as-prime.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, London, Prime Minister_
3. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen meets Prime Minister Gordon Brown in London for talks on the devolution process in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/01/14/taoiseach-brian-cowen-meets-prime-minister-gordon-brown-in-london-for-talks-on-the-devolution-process-in-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, London, Prime Minister_
4. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
5. [ ''Government of the United Kingdom:'' Gordon Brown becomes the Leader of the Labour Party, replacing Prime Minister Tony Blair. Brown will replace Blair on 27 June. ](/news/2007/06/24/government-of-the-united-kingdom-p-gordon-brown-becomes-the-leader-of-the-labour-party-replacing-prime-minister-tony-blair-brown-will.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
6. [ Tony Blair formally endorses Gordon Brown as his successor, the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2007/05/11/tony-blair-formally-endorses-gordon-brown-as-his-successor-the-next-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
7. [ Alleged racist treatment of Indian actress Shilpa Shetty on Celebrity Big Brother 2007 draws widespread attention. It has attracted a record 33,000 complaints, death threats and has resulted in cancellation of multi-million  pound Big Brother sponsorships and participants' modelling contracts. Prime Minister Tony Blair's likely successor, Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown commented on the subject during his India visit and has been mentioned in the House of Commons. ](/news/2007/01/18/alleged-racist-treatment-of-indian-actress-shilpa-shetty-on-celebrity-big-brother-2007-draws-widespread-attention-it-has-attracted-a-recor.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
8. [ Operation Paget, the inquiry into the death in 1997 of Diana, Princess of Wales headed by Lord Stevens, a former chief of London's Metropolitan Police, concludes that there were no suspicious circumstances and that the fatal car crash in which she died was a 'tragic accident'. ](/news/2006/12/14/operation-paget-the-inquiry-into-the-death-in-1997-of-diana-princess-of-wales-headed-by-lord-stevens-a-former-chief-of-london-s-metropol.md) _Context: Death of Diana, Princess of Wales, London, grandmother_
9. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
10. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, grandmother_
