### [2007-08-31](/news/2007/08/31/index.md)

#  The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy threaten the government of Sudan with sanctions over Darfur. 

The leaders of France and Britain on Friday revived the specter of sanctions against Khartoum if progress is not made on a Darfur ceasefire and upcoming political talks.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSMCD13404120070831?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the "International Herald Tribune" outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/04/14/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
2. [UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the French President Nicolas Sarkozy meet in London and sign a treaty allowing joint development and testing of nuclear warheads, and outline plans for a joint army expeditionary force. ](/news/2010/11/2/uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-the-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-meet-in-london-and-sign-a-treaty-allowing-joint-development-and-tes.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
3. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister_
4. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [Iraq Inquiry. A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/iraq-inquiry-a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-sa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minister_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Darfurian status referendum, 2016. According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/darfurian-status-referendum-2016-according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-fiv.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
