### [2007-08-31](/news/2007/08/31/index.md)

#  U.S. Democratic Party fundraiser Norman Hsu surrenders to the San Mateo County sheriff's office on a 15-year-old felony warrant. 




### Source:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2007/08/31/BADURT6B8.DTL)

### Related:

1. [ Democratic Party fundraiser Norman Hsu is arrested in Grand Junction, Colorado and charged with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. ](/news/2007/09/6/democratic-party-fundraiser-norman-hsu-is-arrested-in-grand-junction-colorado-and-charged-with-unlawful-flight-to-avoid-prosecution.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Norman Hsu_
2. [ Norman Hsu, controversial fund-raiser for the U.S. Democratic Party, skips a bail hearing, prompting a new warrant for his arrest. ](/news/2007/09/5/norman-hsu-controversial-fund-raiser-for-the-u-s-democratic-party-skips-a-bail-hearing-prompting-a-new-warrant-for-his-arrest.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Norman Hsu_
3. [Former president of Panama Ricardo Martinelli is denied bond by United States magistrate judge Edwin Torres. He is accused of charges that include illegally monitoring phone and other conversations of at least 150 people. Martinelli was arrested in Miami last month on an extradition warrant from Panama. ](/news/2017/07/7/former-president-of-panama-ricardo-martinelli-is-denied-bond-by-united-states-magistrate-judge-edwin-torres-he-is-accused-of-charges-that-i.md) _Context: warrant_
4. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
5. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
9. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
10. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democratic Party_
