### [2007-08-31](/news/2007/08/31/index.md)

#  While Greece brings the 2007 Greek forest fires under control, 8 people have died in 48 hours in forest fires in northern Algeria, six firefighters die in Croatia and the village of Les Useres in the Valencia region of Spain is evacuated. 




### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://euronews.net/index.php?page=info&article=440251&lng=1)
2. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/31/2020134.htm?section=justin)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Greece, Spain_
2. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Algeria, Croatia_
3. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Croatia, Greece_
4. [Protests against unemployment and austerity measures take place across several European countries.  The largest protests reportedly take place in Spain and Portugal, with smaller protests in Greece, Italy, and Belgium. ](/news/2012/11/14/protests-against-unemployment-and-austerity-measures-take-place-across-several-european-countries-the-largest-protests-reportedly-take-pla.md) _Context: Greece, Spain_
5. [Euro zone leaders secure a EUR109 billion bailout for Greece with the country going into default for a short period, but with increased powers for the main European rescue fund to assist countries that have not been bailed out, such as Spain and Italy. ](/news/2011/07/21/euro-zone-leaders-secure-a-a-109-billion-bailout-for-greece-with-the-country-going-into-default-for-a-short-period-but-with-increased-powe.md) _Context: Greece, Spain_
6. [Algerian authorities arrest an Israeli spy found with a false Spanish passport under the 35-year-old pseudonym Alberto Vagilo. This was initially reported by some sources as the abduction of a Spanish citizen by an al-Qaeda-linked group. ](/news/2010/03/31/algerian-authorities-arrest-an-israeli-spy-found-with-a-false-spanish-passport-under-the-35-year-old-pseudonym-alberto-vagilo-this-was-init.md) _Context: Algeria, Spain_
7. [ Wildfires in France, Greece, Sardinia and Spain kill and injure dozens. ](/news/2009/07/25/wildfires-in-france-greece-sardinia-and-spain-kill-and-injure-dozens.md) _Context: Greece, Spain_
8. [ A state of emergency is declared in the Croatian city of Dubrovnik due to a forest fire. ](/news/2007/08/6/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-the-croatian-city-of-dubrovnik-due-to-a-forest-fire.md) _Context: Croatia, forest fire_
9. [ Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans.  It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. ](/news/2007/07/24/republic-of-macedonia-albania-and-serbian-autonomous-province-of-kosovo-are-experiencing-blackouts-as-a-result-of-the-2007-european-heatwa.md) _Context: Croatia, Greece_
10. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Greece, Spain_
