### [2002-08-22](/news/2002/08/22/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: In China, the Dongting Lake floods Yueyang, forcing the evacuation of 600,000 people; the crest of the flooding from the Yangtze River is expected Sunday. Floods and landslides have killed nearly 1000 people in China, 200 in the Hunan province. There have been 376 deaths in India, 494 in Nepal, and 158 deaths in Bangladesh this monsoon season.




### Related:

1. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
2. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
3. [Demonstrations against sexual violence after Delhi gang rape spread across Asia and are now happening in Nepal, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/01/4/demonstrations-against-sexual-violence-after-delhi-gang-rape-spread-across-asia-and-are-now-happening-in-nepal-sri-lanka-pakistan-and-bang.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
4. [A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal-bhutan-bangladesh-and-t.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
5. [ Heavy rainstorm and major flooding continues in the South China region. Millions of people are affected in Anhui, Hunan, Jiangxi, Fujian and Guangdong. Tens of thousands of victims of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake are evacuated due to heavy rains as 65 people are dead or missing with flood warnings on the Yangtze River and Pearl River amongst other rivers. ](/news/2008/06/16/heavy-rainstorm-and-major-flooding-continues-in-the-south-china-region-millions-of-people-are-affected-in-anhui-hunan-jiangxi-fujian-an.md) _Context: Hunan, Yangtze River_
6. [ The death toll from the 2007 South Asian floods nears 1,100 in India while 120 people have died in Bangladesh and 84 in Nepal. Health officials have raised concerns about epidemics. ](/news/2007/08/5/the-death-toll-from-the-2007-south-asian-floods-nears-1-100-in-india-while-120-people-have-died-in-bangladesh-and-84-in-nepal-health-offic.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
7. [ 2007 South Asian floods: The Ganges River system will come under further strain from monsoon floods as 20 million are homeless in Nepal, India and Bangladesh. Almost 200 people have died. ](/news/2007/08/4/2007-south-asian-floods-the-ganges-river-system-will-come-under-further-strain-from-monsoon-floods-as-20-million-are-homeless-in-nepal-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
8. [ 2007 South Asian floods: Monsoon floods make millions homeless in India, Nepal and Bangladesh with a death toll of 145 in India and 65 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/3/2007-south-asian-floods-monsoon-floods-make-millions-homeless-in-india-nepal-and-bangladesh-with-a-death-toll-of-145-in-india-and-65-in-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
9. [ At least 28 people die in Uttar Pradesh, India as an overcrowded boat carrying flood evacuees and aid workers capsizes on the Rohni River. Monsoon floods have killed more than 150 people in India during July while at least 82 people have died in Nepal over the past two weeks and 38 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/1/at-least-28-people-die-in-uttar-pradesh-india-as-an-overcrowded-boat-carrying-flood-evacuees-and-aid-workers-capsizes-on-the-rohni-river.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
10. [ Worsening floods affecting eastern India, Bangladesh and Nepal has led to millions of people leaving their homes. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6922484.stm (BBC News)] 160 people confirmed dead in Bangladesh alone.](/news/2007/07/31/worsening-floods-affecting-eastern-india-bangladesh-and-nepal-has-led-to-millions-of-people-leaving-their-homes-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
