### [2002-08-22](/news/2002/08/22/index.md)

#  Government of Canada: Jean Chrtien, the Prime Minister of Canada, announces he will step down in February 2004.




### Related:

1. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian government_
2. [ In Canada, former prime minister Jean Chrtien defends his government's actions in an inquiry into the misuse of government advertising and sponsorship funds. ](/news/2005/02/9/in-canada-former-prime-minister-jean-chretien-defends-his-government-s-actions-in-an-inquiry-into-the-misuse-of-government-advertising-and.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
3. [ Politics of Canada: Paul Martin is elected leader of the Liberal Party. He becomes Prime Minister-designate and will assume office upon Jean Chrtien's retirement by the end of February 2004.](/news/2003/11/14/politics-of-canada-paul-martin-is-elected-leader-of-the-liberal-party-he-becomes-prime-minister-designate-and-will-assume-office-upon-jea.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
4. [ Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien indicates that during an informal meeting between him and Vladimir Putin, the Russian president indicated that he was tentatively in favour of signing the Kyoto Protocol. Russia's signature is absolutely necessary for the protocol to acquire the force of law.](/news/2003/10/20/canadian-prime-minister-jean-chretien-indicates-that-during-an-informal-meeting-between-him-and-vladimir-putin-the-russian-president-indic.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
5. [ Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrtien, visiting Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai, is whisked out of Kabul owing to reports of a rocket attack. The reports turn out to be unfounded.](/news/2003/10/18/canadian-prime-minister-jean-chretien-visiting-afghanistan-s-president-hamid-karzai-is-whisked-out-of-kabul-owing-to-reports-of-a-rocket.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
6. [ 90% of the delegates elected to the November 15 convention of the Liberal Party of Canada support Paul Martin, thereby assuring that he will win the leadership of the party and thereby become Prime Minister of Canada after Jean Chrtien retires in February 2004.](/news/2003/09/22/90-of-the-delegates-elected-to-the-november-15-convention-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-support-paul-martin-thereby-assuring-that-he-wil.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
7. [ John Manley, Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, drops out of the race to succeed Jean Chrtien as leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Prime Minister after conceding he cannot catch front-runner Paul Martin, Jr..](/news/2003/07/22/john-manley-deputy-prime-minister-of-canada-drops-out-of-the-race-to-succeed-jean-chretien-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-p.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Jean Chrtien_
8. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says his government has "compelling reason to believe" that Robert Hall, who was held hostage in the Philippines, has been killed by his captors, presumably the same Abu Sayyaf militants who beheaded another Canadian, John Ridsdel, on 25 April 2016. ](/news/2016/06/13/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-says-his-government-has-compelling-reason-to-believe-that-robert-hall-who-was-held-hostage-in-the.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister_
9. [Justin Trudeau is sworn in as the new Prime Minister of Canada along with his ministry. ](/news/2015/11/4/justin-trudeau-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-prime-minister-of-canada-along-with-his-ministry.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Canada and the European Union tentatively sign a free trade and copyright agreement. ](/news/2013/10/18/the-prime-minister-of-canada-and-the-european-union-tentatively-sign-a-free-trade-and-copyright-agreement.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister_
