### [2002-10-9](/news/2002/10/9/index.md)

#  Public Interest group Harvardwatch released a [http://www.people.fas.harvard.edu/~skomarov/harvardwatch/harken_memo_full.pdf/ report] on Harken's partnership with Harvard University.




### Related:

1. [A second parchment manuscript of the United States Declaration of Independence is discovered by Harvard University researchers, in a record office in Chichester, United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-second-parchment-manuscript-of-the-united-states-declaration-of-independence-is-discovered-by-harvard-university-researchers-in-a-record.md) _Context: Harvard University_
2. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: Harvard University_
3. [Four buildings are evacuated on the Harvard University campus after unconfirmed claims that bombs were planted in them. ](/news/2013/12/16/four-buildings-are-evacuated-on-the-harvard-university-campus-after-unconfirmed-claims-that-bombs-were-planted-in-them.md) _Context: Harvard University_
4. [Harvard scientists unveil RoboBee, a robot with the smallest ever man-made wings capable of flight. ](/news/2013/05/2/harvard-scientists-unveil-robobee-a-robot-with-the-smallest-ever-man-made-wings-capable-of-flight.md) _Context: Harvard University_
5. [Harvard University investigates a widespread cheating allegation on a take-home test in one of its undergraduate classes last spring. ](/news/2012/08/31/harvard-university-investigates-a-widespread-cheating-allegation-on-a-take-home-test-in-one-of-its-undergraduate-classes-last-spring.md) _Context: Harvard University_
6. [Harvard University welcomes the United States Reserve Officer Training Corps program back on campus following the lifting of the bans on gays in the military. ](/news/2011/03/3/harvard-university-welcomes-the-united-states-reserve-officer-training-corps-program-back-on-campus-following-the-lifting-of-the-bans-on-gay.md) _Context: Harvard University_
7. [ Harvard University discovers a molecular mechanism that regulates coagulation. ](/news/2009/06/6/harvard-university-discovers-a-molecular-mechanism-that-regulates-coagulation.md) _Context: Harvard University_
8. [ A student dies of unknown causes while competing at the Harvard National Speech and Debate Tournament. ](/news/2008/02/16/a-student-dies-of-unknown-causes-while-competing-at-the-harvard-national-speech-and-debate-tournament.md) _Context: Harvard University_
9. [ Medical researchers and health organizations condemn AIDS dissident Matthias Rath who had placed full-page ads in the New York Times and International Herald Tribune with a slogan "Stop AIDS Genocide by drug cartel". Rath claims that antiretroviral drugs are poisonous and his vitamin supplements can cure the disease. Researchers of Harvard University state that Rath misrepresents their findings. South Africa's Medicine Control Council announces investigation of the Rath Foundation. ](/news/2005/05/11/medical-researchers-and-health-organizations-condemn-aids-dissident-matthias-rath-who-had-placed-full-page-ads-in-the-new-york-times-and-in.md) _Context: Harvard University_
10. [ Economists from Harvard and UNC - Chapel Hill determine that peer-to-peer file sharing and music downloads "have an effect on sales which is statistically indistinguishable from zero, despite rather precise estimates." ](/news/2004/04/5/economists-from-harvard-and-unc-chapel-hill-determine-that-peer-to-peer-file-sharing-and-music-downloads-have-an-effect-on-sales-which-i.md) _Context: Harvard University_
