### [2012-10-19](/news/2012/10/19/index.md)

# 2011-present Libyan factional fighting: The Libyan Army launches a new full-scale assault against the town of Bani Walid, accusing it of being controlled by supporters of the late Muammar Gaddafi. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/oct/19/libyan-army-storms-bani-walild)

### Related:

1. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:: Clashes between Libyan army forces and armed protesters in the city of Benghazi kill at least six soldiers. ](/news/2013/06/15/2011-present-libyan-factional-fighting-clashes-between-libyan-army-forces-and-armed-protesters-in-the-city-of-benghazi-kill-at-least-six.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Libyan National Army_
2. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:: Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011-present-libyan-factional-fighting-authorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim.md) _Context: 2011-present Libyan factional fighting, Muammar Gaddafi_
3. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
4. [A group of Gaddafi loyalists take control of part of the town of Bani Walid and fly the green flag after a battle with NTC forces left 5 dead and 20 injured. ](/news/2012/01/23/a-group-of-gaddafi-loyalists-take-control-of-part-of-the-town-of-bani-walid-and-fly-the-green-flag-after-a-battle-with-ntc-forces-left-5-dea.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war:: Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]: The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]: Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-national-transitional-council-forces-gain-control-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-stronghold-of-bani-walid-after-a-blood.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
7. [2011 Libyan civil war: Fighting continues in the city of Bani Walid, one of the few remaining towns loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi, between pro-Gaddafi fighters and besieging forces loyal to the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/16/2011-libyan-civil-war-fighting-continues-in-the-city-of-bani-walid-one-of-the-few-remaining-towns-loyal-to-the-ousted-dictator-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war: forces loyal to deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi launch a counter-attack against opposition fighters in the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte. ](/news/2011/09/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-launch-a-counter-attack-against-opposition-fighters-in-the-to.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [Gaddafi family: Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/gaddafi-family-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-govern.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libyan National Army_
