### [2016-10-29](/news/2016/10/29/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. 

An air raid by an Arab coalition killed 60 people in Yemen, including inmates of a prison near the city of Hodeidah, medical sources said.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/10/29/world/middleeast/ap-ml-yemen-airstrikes.html?_r=0)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-37813569)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-strike-idUSKCN12U03R)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Scud missile fired from Yemen is intercepted over Saudi Arabia. The missile's target is believed to have been the King Khalid Air Base, near the city of Khamis Mushait. ](/news/2016/02/8/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-is-intercepted-over-saudi-arabia-the-missile-s-target-is-believed.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Saudi air defenses intercept a Scud missile fired from Yemen as it headed towards the city of Khamis Mushait, in the southwestern 'Asir Region. ](/news/2016/02/14/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-saudi-air-defenses-intercept-a-scud-missile-fired-from-yemen-as-it-headed-towards-the-city-of-khami.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. ](/news/2016/01/7/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-iran-says-last-night-saudi-warplanes-bombed-its-embassy-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-wounding-se.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
