### [2016-10-29](/news/2016/10/29/index.md)

# The U.S. State Department orders family members of employees at the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul to leave as extremist groups threaten to kill or kidnap U.S. citizens and Westerners. 

The State Department cited fears of attacks by extremist groups in ordering family members of employees to leave the consulate in Turkey.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/u-s-orders-family-members-leave-consulate-istanbul-n675151)
1. [Cover Image](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2016_43/1773486/ap_83192635269_8daddd164f0b75e3689615b58006e185.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
2. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
3. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
4. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
5. [After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier-after-negotiations-from-the-united-sta.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
6. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
7. [The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive-order-per-judge-james-robart-s-ruling-in-state-of-washingto.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
8. [Patrick F. Kennedy, Joyce Anne Barr, Michele Thoren Bond and Gentry O. Smith resign from the United States Department of State, after Victoria Nuland and Gregory B. Starr had declined to stay on in the Donald Trump administration. ](/news/2017/01/26/patrick-f-kennedy-joyce-anne-barr-michele-thoren-bond-and-gentry-o-smith-resign-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-after-victor.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
9. [The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-with-the-united-states-are-frozen-the-u-s-state-department-says-the-dialogue-with-russ.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
10. [United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-due-to-concerns-of-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
