### [2015-05-9](/news/2015/05/9/index.md)

# Tropical storm Ana forms near the states of North and South Carolina weeks before the official start of the hurricane season. 

Ana has weakened but will still continue to soak eastern North Carolina through Monday.


### Source:

1. [Accuweather](http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/ana-tropical-system-atlantic-us-east-coast-north-south-carolina-rough-surf-rain/46764807)
1. [Cover Image](https://accuweather.brightspotcdn.com/d1/d1ee88441c8e6d322a99d88565b3e662/650x366_05111533_hd21-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina. At least 18 dams have breached or failed since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. ](/news/2015/10/6/thirteen-people-are-reported-to-have-died-during-this-storm-11-in-south-carolina-and-two-in-north-carolina-at-least-18-dams-have-breached.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
2. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-are-investigating-a-series-of-fires-at-black-chu.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
3. [Tornadoes kill several people in the US states of North Carolina and South Carolina with storms killing at least 20 people in the southern United States over the past few days. ](/news/2011/04/16/tornadoes-kill-several-people-in-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-with-storms-killing-at-least-20-people-in-the-southern-u.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
4. [ Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http://www.theage.com.au/world/hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-http-www-theage-com-au.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
5. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
6. [Maria strengthens into a hurricane and causes flooding in the Outer Banks of North Carolina. ](/news/2017/09/27/maria-strengthens-into-a-hurricane-and-causes-flooding-in-the-outer-banks-of-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina_
7. [ California moves its 2020 presidential primary to March 3, making it fifth in the nominating process after Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. The 2016 primary was held on June 7. ](/news/2017/09/27/california-moves-its-2020-presidential-primary-to-march-3-making-it-fifth-in-the-nominating-process-after-iowa-new-hampshire-nevada-and.md) _Context: South Carolina_
8. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: North Carolina_
9. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [ Four inmates are killed at Kirkland Correctional Institution in South Carolina. Authorities have charged two inmates with the murders of the four men. ](/news/2017/04/8/four-inmates-are-killed-at-kirkland-correctional-institution-in-south-carolina-authorities-have-charged-two-inmates-with-the-murders-of-th.md) _Context: South Carolina_
