### [2006-09-28](/news/2006/09/28/index.md)

#  Israeli radio reports that Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert said he plans to meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in coming days. 

The Sydney Morning Herald 404 Page


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/World/Olmert-to-meet-Abbas-in-coming-days/2006/09/28/1159337268873.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://images.smh.com.au/2011/08/09/2545355/facebook-thumb-smh.png)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinean President Mahmoud Abbas will attend a common meeting later this week. ](/news/2006/06/20/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-and-palestinean-president-mahmoud-abbas-will-attend-a-common-meeting-later-this-week.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
2. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-formally-invited-to-the-2007-mide.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas agree to limited biweekly peace talks. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-agree-to-limited-biweekly-pe.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
6. [ A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-between-the-palestinian-presiden.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
7. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
8. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [Ovadia Yosef, a senior rabbi from Shas, a party within Israel's coalition government, calls for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to "vanish from our world". The United States condemns the remarks as "deeply offensive". ](/news/2010/08/30/ovadia-yosef-a-senior-rabbi-from-shas-a-party-within-israel-s-coalition-government-calls-for-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-to-vani.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert is named as the key suspect in "one of the biggest corruption scandals in Israel's history". ](/news/2010/04/16/former-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-is-named-as-the-key-suspect-in-one-of-the-biggest-corruption-scandals-in-israel-s-history.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
