### [2006-09-5](/news/2006/09/5/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: The Turkish Parliament votes to authorize the Turkish government to send troops to the United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. Deputy speaker Nevzat Pakdil said 340 of the 533 lawmakers present in the 550-seat house voted for the deployment; 192 voted against and one abstained. 

Lebanese troops moved on Tuesday into a town wrecked by Israel&#8217;s war with Hezbollah, as U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said he hoped for word on the lifting of an Israeli blockade on Lebanon within two days.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/14677953/)
2. [Turkish Press](http://www.turkishpress.com/news.asp?id=140766)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Italy offers to lead the United Nations peacekeeping forces in Lebanon instead of France. Italy has offered to provide 2,000 forces, more than any other nation, and France is only offering to provide 200 civil engineers. ](/news/2006/08/21/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-italy-offers-to-lead-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-forces-in-lebanon-instead-of-france-italy-has-offered.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations, war_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: The United Nations Human Rights Council has voted to send a team to Lebanon to investigate alleged abuses by Israel. ](/news/2006/08/12/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-has-voted-to-send-a-team-to-lebanon-to-investigate-alleged-abuses-by.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations, war_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Four United Nations observers are killed in an Israeli air strike on an observation post in south Lebanon. An initial UN report says they contacted the Israeli troops 10 times before an incoming bomb killed four of them. ](/news/2006/07/26/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-four-united-nations-observers-are-killed-in-an-israeli-air-strike-on-an-observation-post-in-south-lebanon-a.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations, war_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations-backed Special Tribunal for Lebanon investigating the killing of Lebanon's former prime minister and business tycoon Rafic Hariri in 2005 issues 4 arrest warrants. ](/news/2011/06/30/the-united-nations-backed-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-investigating-the-killing-of-lebanon-s-former-prime-minister-and-business-tycoon-rafi.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
6. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
7. [ France circulates a draft United Nations Security Council resolution extending the mandate of the 13,600 United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. ](/news/2007/08/17/france-circulates-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-extending-the-mandate-of-the-13-600-united-nations-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
8. [ Israeli PM Ehud Olmert is criticised by the Winograd Commission for taking Israel to war in Lebanon last year "hastily". ](/news/2007/04/30/israeli-pm-ehud-olmert-is-criticised-by-the-winograd-commission-for-taking-israel-to-war-in-lebanon-last-year-hastily.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
9. [ The last Israeli troops leave Lebanon in accordance with UN Resolution 1701, two months after occupying the territory. UNIFIL officials, however, claim that they still occupy the border village of Ghajar. ](/news/2006/10/1/the-last-israeli-troops-leave-lebanon-in-accordance-with-un-resolution-1701-two-months-after-occupying-the-territory-unifil-officials-ho.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
10. [2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel says it will lift its air and sea blockade of Lebanon. ](/news/2006/09/7/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-israel-says-it-will-lift-its-air-and-sea-blockade-of-lebanon.md) _Context: Lebanon, war_
