### [2006-09-5](/news/2006/09/5/index.md)

#  Felipe Caldern of the PAN is declared the winner of Mexico's 2 July presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/5316840.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal rules unanimously that results in contested polling stations only marginally affected the lead of Felipe Caldern of the ruling National Action Party over Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador in July's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2006/08/28/mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-rules-unanimously-that-results-in-contested-polling-stations-only-marginally-affected-the-lead-of-felip.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
2. [ In Mexico's presidential election, PRD candidate Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador says he will file a legal challenge against the results of the ongoing official vote count that have him loscing to the PAN's Felipe Caldern by 0.57 percentage points. ](/news/2006/07/6/in-mexico-s-presidential-election-prd-candidate-andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-says-he-will-file-a-legal-challenge-against-the-results-of-the.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
3. [ Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. ](/news/2006/07/2/polling-closes-in-the-mexican-general-election-with-voters-electing-a-new-president-both-houses-of-congress-and-four-state-district-gove.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
4. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
5. [Local government elections in The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with-the-nat.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
6. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexico_
7. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexico_
8. [ In Mexico, the partial recount of votes in the disputed 2006 presidential election held on July 2 begins amid escalating protests against alleged electoral irregularities in the close election. ](/news/2006/08/9/in-mexico-the-partial-recount-of-votes-in-the-disputed-2006-presidential-election-held-on-july-2-begins-amid-escalating-protests-against-a.md) _Context: Mexican general election, Mexico_
9. [ Several thousand protesters march in the Mexican Federal District, protesting alleged vote fraud in last week's presidential election. ](/news/2006/07/12/several-thousand-protesters-march-in-the-mexican-federal-district-protesting-alleged-vote-fraud-in-last-week-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mexican general election, Mexico_
10. [ Two members of the ruling Mexican National Action Party post bail for Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador so he would not run a presidential campaign from jail. He cannot return to his post as mayor of Mexico City. ](/news/2005/04/20/two-members-of-the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-post-bail-for-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-so-he-would-not-run-a-presidential-camp.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
