### [2006-09-5](/news/2006/09/5/index.md)

#  In Lebanon, a roadside bomb seriously wounds Lt. Col. Samir Shehade, a Lebanese police officer and kills four of his aides. Shehade was involved in the August 2005 arrest of four pro-Syrian Lebanese generals, on suspicion of involvement in the February 2005 assassination of former Lebanese PM Rafik Hariri. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/09/05/lebanon.bomb.ap/)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/BA110A0C-F703-44EB-A19F-EA1FC6F75C59.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The United Nations Security Council passed a UNSC resolution (S/RES/1636 (2005)) which requests urgently and forcefully Syria's full cooperation with the investigation into the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/11/1/the-united-nations-security-council-passed-a-unsc-resolution-s-res-1636-2005-which-requests-urgently-and-forcefully-syria-s-full-cooper.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria_
2. [ A United Nations investigation headed by Detlev Mehlis has found that high-ranking members of the Syrian and Lebanese governments were involved in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/10/21/a-united-nations-investigation-headed-by-detlev-mehlis-has-found-that-high-ranking-members-of-the-syrian-and-lebanese-governments-were-invo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria_
3. [ The United States recalls its ambassador to Syria, Margaret Scobey, in protest of alleged Syrian involvement in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. ](/news/2005/02/15/the-united-states-recalls-its-ambassador-to-syria-margaret-scobey-in-protest-of-alleged-syrian-involvement-in-the-assassination-of-former.md) _Context: Lebanon, Rafik Hariri, Syria_
4. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
5. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
7. [Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
8. [European migrant crisis. "Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/european-migrant-crisis-reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-le.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
9. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria_
