### [2006-09-5](/news/2006/09/5/index.md)

#  President George W. Bush has nominated Mary Peters as United States Secretary of Transportation. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/09/05/transportation.secretary.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Secretary of Transportation_
2. [ Mary Peters, the United States Secretary of Transportation, orders an immediate inspection of all truss bridges in the United States following the collapse of the I-35W Mississippi River bridge in Minneapolis. ](/news/2007/08/2/mary-peters-the-united-states-secretary-of-transportation-orders-an-immediate-inspection-of-all-truss-bridges-in-the-united-states-follow.md) _Context: Mary Peters, Secretary of Transportation_
3. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms former U.S. labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary Elaine Chao as Secretary of Transportation. Chao is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ](/news/2017/01/31/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-former-u-s-labor-secretary-and-deputy-transportation-secretary-elaine-chao-as-secretary-o.md) _Context: Secretary of Transportation_
4. [Cuba-United States relations. United States-Cuban Thaw. The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/cuba-united-states-relations-united-states-cuban-thaw-the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-plac.md) _Context: Secretary of Transportation_
5. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
6. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
