### [2017-03-24](/news/2017/03/24/index.md)

# The replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is withdrawn after Republican leaders fail to gain enough support. The failure of the Trump administration to repeal the act means it will remain law in the United States.




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39387550)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/82E7/production/_95311533_trump_reu976.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: 2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
2. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
3. [The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
4. [A Republican Senate bill to repeal and replace large portions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act fails to win enough support to pass. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-republican-senate-bill-to-repeal-and-replace-large-portions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-to-win-enough-support.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
6. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
7. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
8. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
9. [The Supreme Court of the United States, which currently has just eight justices, today heard the case brought by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh ("Zubik v. Burwell", which includes similar ones by other religious organizations) that challenges the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act provision that employer-paid health insurance plans provide women with access to contraceptives at no additional out-of-pocket cost, and challenges the federal government accommodation offered in 2014 that would have a third-party provide the coverage with costs paid by the federal government. The plaintiffs state that both are unconstitutional because they violate the free exercise of religion. The decision is expected in June. If the result is a split decision (4-4), there would be no national precedent and each case's final decision would be the one made in court before the case was forwarded to the Supreme Court. In the group of cases presented today, all but one appeals court upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-which-currently-has-just-eight-justices-today-heard-the-case-brought-by-the-roman-catholic-diocese.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
10. [The Supreme Court of the United States upholds key elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) including subsidies for healthcare policies and employer mandates, with a 6-3 vote. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-key-elements-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-obamacare-including-subsidie.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
