### [2008-09-4](/news/2008/09/4/index.md)

#  Senator John McCain officially accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the United States presidential election, 2008. 

Senator John McCain sought to move from a convention marked by an effort to reassure the party base to an appeal to a broader electorate.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/05/us/politics/05repubs.html)

### Related:

1. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
2. [ The Republican Party officially endorses Arizona Senator John McCain as its candidate in the 2008 United States presidential election. ](/news/2008/09/3/the-republican-party-officially-endorses-arizona-senator-john-mccain-as-its-candidate-in-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election.md) _Context: John McCain, Republican, Senator_
3. [ John McCain picks Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his vice-presidential running mate for the Republican nomination for the U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2008/08/29/john-mccain-picks-alaska-governor-sarah-palin-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate-for-the-republican-nomination-for-the-u-s-presidential.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
4. [ The America's Climate Security Act of 2007, a greenhouse gas emissions reduction bill, stalls in the U.S. Senate after a 48-36 vote fails to invoke cloture on a Republican filibuster. Presidential candidates John McCain and Barack Obama were among six senators absent from the vote who expressed support for the bill. ](/news/2008/06/6/the-america-s-climate-security-act-of-2007-a-greenhouse-gas-emissions-reduction-bill-stalls-in-the-u-s-senate-after-a-48-36-vote-fails-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
5. [ United States presidential election, Super Tuesday II:  Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Vermont, Texas, Rhode Island, and Ohio Republican primaries, giving him enough delegates to be able to win the Republican Party nomination. ](/news/2008/03/4/united-states-presidential-election-super-tuesday-ii-p-arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-vermont-texas-rhode-island-and-ohio-republ.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Wisconsin and Washington Republican Party primary election. ](/news/2008/02/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-arizona-senator-john-mccain-wins-the-wisconsin-and-washington-republican-party-primary-election.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: A majority of Michigan's Republican delegates say that they will support John McCain following the withdrawal of Michigan primary winner Mitt Romney from the race. McCain has also won the allegiance of a majority of Louisiana delegates. ](/news/2008/02/16/united-states-presidential-election-2008-a-majority-of-michigan-s-republican-delegates-say-that-they-will-support-john-mccain-following-t.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
10. [ United States Presidential Election, 2008: Senator John McCain (R- AZ) announces his candidacy for president on the ''Late Show with David Letterman''. ](/news/2007/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2008-senator-john-mccain-r-az-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-on-the-late-show-with-david.md) _Context: 2008, John McCain, Republican_
