### [2009-01-23](/news/2009/01/23/index.md)

#  National Congress and Tutsi leader Laurent Nkunda is arrested in Rwanda. 

In a startling turn against its former ally, Rwanda has arrested Congo rebel leader Laurent Nkunda.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/28807477/)

### Related:

1. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, Tutsi_
2. [Authorities in Rwanda jail former politician Leon Mugesera for life. Mugesera was known for describing Tutsis as "cockroaches" and called for their extermination in a speech in 1992 and is said to be a precursor to the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2016/04/15/authorities-in-rwanda-jail-former-politician-la-c-on-mugesera-for-life-mugesera-was-known-for-describing-tutsis-as-cockroaches-and-called-f.md) _Context: Rwanda, Tutsi_
3. [Nestor Louis Michel calls Rwandan President Paul Kagame a "great leader" ("groot leider"). Kagame has been accused of war crimes during Rwanda's invasion of the DR Congo in 1996, and of having led a subsequent proxy war against the DR Congo by arming the CNDP until January 20, 2009. Congo currently accuses Rwandan defence officials of supporting a new destabilisation of East Congo. Louis Michel urges the international community for "more time" to "objectivate the facts first" before taking any action. ](/news/2012/09/9/nestor-louis-michel-calls-rwandan-president-paul-kagame-a-great-leader-groot-leider-kagame-has-been-accused-of-war-crimes-during-rwan.md) _Context: CNDP, Rwanda_
4. [Rwandan genocide suspect Bernard Munyagishari is arrested, accused of murdering Tutsis and moderate Hutus in 1994. ](/news/2011/05/26/rwandan-genocide-suspect-bernard-munyagishari-is-arrested-accused-of-murdering-tutsis-and-moderate-hutus-in-1994.md) _Context: Rwanda, Tutsi_
5. [ Kivu conflict: Tutsi rebels under Laurent Nkunda are reportedly advancing on the city of Goma in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2008/10/27/kivu-conflict-p-tutsi-rebels-under-laurent-nkunda-are-reportedly-advancing-on-the-city-of-goma-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Laurent Nkunda, Tutsi_
6. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Rwanda_
7. [  A Swedish court sentences  Claver Berinkindi, a 61-year-old  Swedish citizen originally from Rwanda, to life in prison for participation  in the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ](/news/2016/05/16/a-swedish-court-sentences-claver-berinkindi-a-61-year-old-swedish-citizen-originally-from-rwanda-to-life-in-prison-for-participation.md) _Context: Rwanda_
8. [A senior Burundian Army general, Athanase Kararuza, an ethnic Tutsi and security advisor to Burundi Vice-President Gaston Sindimwo, is shot dead by heavily armed men  in the capital Bujumbura. ](/news/2016/04/25/a-senior-burundian-army-general-athanase-kararuza-an-ethnic-tutsi-and-security-advisor-to-burundi-vice-president-gaston-sindimwo-is-shot.md) _Context: Tutsi_
9. [Two people are burned alive amid xenophobic riots in Lusaka, Zambia. The riots started after rumours spread that Rwandans were behind recent ritual killings in the city. More than 250 people have been arrested after more than 60 Rwandan-owned shops were looted in two days of violence. ](/news/2016/04/20/two-people-are-burned-alive-amid-xenophobic-riots-in-lusaka-zambia-the-riots-started-after-rumours-spread-that-rwandans-were-behind-recent.md) _Context: Rwanda_
10. [Rwandans vote overwhelmingly to lift constitutional restrictions that will allow President Paul Kagame to run for more terms in office. The National Electoral Commission reports more than 98 percent of voters approved the referendum. Final official results will be released Monday. ](/news/2015/12/19/rwandans-vote-overwhelmingly-to-lift-constitutional-restrictions-that-will-allow-president-paul-kagame-to-run-for-more-terms-in-office-the.md) _Context: Rwanda_
