### [2010-04-8](/news/2010/04/8/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8610595.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE6375SK20100408?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+Reuters%2FUKWorldNews+%28News+%2F+UK+%2F+World+News%29)

### Related:

1. [Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkeyas-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egyptas-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Turkey, United States_
2. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
3. [Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israelaturkey-relations-pisrael-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-de.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, Turkey_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, Turkey_
5. [A 2001 film, depicting Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu discussing methods of undermining the Oslo Accords and saying the United States is "easy" to manipulate, is aired on Israel's Channel 10. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-2001-film-depicting-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-discussing-methods-of-undermining-the-oslo-accords-and-saying-the-united.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
6. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Turkey, United States_
7. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
8. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel, United States_
9. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel_
10. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Prime Minister of Israel_
