
Formats: [HTML](/news/2006/06/7/a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-is-killed-when-it-fails-to-gain-the-three-fifths-majority-required-for-cloture-in-the-u.html)  [JSON](/news/2006/06/7/a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-is-killed-when-it-fails-to-gain-the-three-fifths-majority-required-for-cloture-in-the-u.json)  [XML](/news/2006/06/7/a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-is-killed-when-it-fails-to-gain-the-three-fifths-majority-required-for-cloture-in-the-u.xml)  

### [2006-06-7](/news/2006/06/7/index.md)

##### Constitutional amendment
#  A constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage is killed when it fails to gain the three-fifths majority required for cloture in the United States Senate. 49 Senators voted for the motion, and 48 voted against. This also fell far short of the two-thirds majority that would have been required for passage. 




### Sources:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory?id=2048806)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [https:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: Senate, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Missouri votes to ban same-sex marriage through a state constitutional amendment. The amendment passes with 72% of the vote. Louisiana will vote on the same issue September 18, followed by Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah on November 2. ](/news/2004/08/3/missouri-votes-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-the-amendment-passes-with-72-of-the-vote-louisiana-will.md) _Context: constitutional amendment, same-sex marriage_
3. [U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer tells a Senate panel that President Donald Trump has decided to "pause" tariffs on steel and aluminium imports from the European Union, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, and South Korea. ](/news/2018/03/22/u-s-trade-representative-robert-lighthizer-tells-a-senate-panel-that-president-donald-trump-has-decided-to-pause-tariffs-on-steel-and-alu.md) _Context: Senate_
4. [Two new Democratic senators&mdash;Doug Jones of Alabama and Tina Smith of Minnesota&mdash;are sworn in, bringing the Republican majority down to 51&ndash;49. ](/news/2018/01/3/two-new-democratic-senators-mdash-doug-jones-of-alabama-and-tina-smith-of-minnesota-mdash-are-sworn-in-bringing-the-republican-majority-dow.md) _Context: Senate_
5. [The United States Senate confirms Jerome Powell as chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank with 84 votes for and 13 against. ](/news/2018/01/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-jerome-powell-as-chairman-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-with-84-votes-for-and-13-against.md) _Context: Senate_
