### [2013-04-26](/news/2013/04/26/index.md)

# The White House reports that the United States may have to use military action against Syria. 




### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://video.foxnews.com/v/2330476680001/)

### Related:

1. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: American, Syria_
2. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: American, Syria_
3. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: American, Syria_
4. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: American, Syria_
5. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: American, Syria_
6. [U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) say they have seized full control of Manbij in Syria's northern Aleppo Governorate after ISIL militants withdrew from their last remaining strongholds in the city. ](/news/2016/08/12/u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-say-they-have-seized-full-control-of-manbij-in-syria-s-northern-aleppo-governorate-after-isil-mil.md) _Context: American, Syria_
7. [The United States accuses Russia of bombing U.S.-backed forces in southern Syria near al-Tanf close to the Iraq and Jordan borders. ](/news/2016/06/16/the-united-states-accuses-russia-of-bombing-u-s-backed-forces-in-southern-syria-near-al-tanf-close-to-the-iraq-and-jordan-borders.md) _Context: American, Syria_
8. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: American, Syria_
9. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: American, Syria_
10. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: American, Syria_
