### [2011-04-11](/news/2011/04/11/index.md)

# In a confidential letter to Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg, the party's former leader of Liverpool City Council, Warren Bradley, urges Clegg to pull out of the coalition government before the Lib Dems "disappears into the annals of history". 

The Lib Dem former leader of Liverpool City Council urges Nick Clegg to pull out of coalition government or risk destroying the party, in an e-mail seen by the BBC.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13043023)

### Related:

1. [A protester is arrested for throwing a paint bomb at British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg as he arrives at a Liberal Democrats party meeting in Glasgow. ](/news/2011/08/25/a-protester-is-arrested-for-throwing-a-paint-bomb-at-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-as-he-arrives-at-a-liberal-democrats-party-mee.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
2. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
3. [Liberal Democrat Deputy Leader Simon Hughes is threatening a backbench rebellion over proposed housing benefits cut, which might threaten the stability of the United Kingdom coalition government, of which the Liberal Democrats are a part of. ](/news/2010/10/25/liberal-democrat-deputy-leader-simon-hughes-is-threatening-a-backbench-rebellion-over-proposed-housing-benefits-cut-which-might-threaten-th.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, government_
4. [UK general election countdown:Gordon Brown and David Cameron admitted that Nick Clegg, leader of the Liberal Democrats, put forward a very good case for his party at last night's election debate. ](/news/2010/04/16/uk-general-election-countdown-pgordon-brown-and-david-cameron-admitted-that-nick-clegg-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-put-forward-a-very.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
5. [The Liberal Democrats send out a "four step" manifesto plan to "hardwire fairness into British society". Leader Nick Clegg says his policies, including raising the state pension and a tax cut for low and middle earners, combined "hope and credibility". ](/news/2010/04/14/the-liberal-democrats-send-out-a-four-step-manifesto-plan-to-hardwire-fairness-into-british-society-leader-nick-clegg-says-his-policies.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Nick Clegg_
6. [Aftermath of the Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-his-views-on-gay-sexual-practices.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
8. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
9. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-presults-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the-c.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
10. [David Cameron and Nick Clegg, the leaders of the two parties which make up the UK coalition government, publish separate plans for press regulation in England and Wales. ](/news/2013/03/15/david-cameron-and-nick-clegg-the-leaders-of-the-two-parties-which-make-up-the-uk-coalition-government-publish-separate-plans-for-press-reg.md) _Context: Nick Clegg_
