### [2011-05-31](/news/2011/05/31/index.md)

# Carbon emissions from energy use reached a record level in 2010, up 5% from the previous record in 2008, according to the International Energy Agency, which said it was a "serious setback" to limit global temperature increase to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 F), set at the U.N. climate change talks in Cancun, Mexico, last year. 

Carbon emissions from energy use reached a record level last year, up 5% from the previous record in 2008, the International Energy Agency said.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/europe/05/31/world.carbon.emissions/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Environment ministers from the G4 bloc (IBSA Dialogue Forum & China) meet in New Delhi, India, to agree a common position ahead of future climate change talks, such as the 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference ("COP-16") at Cancn, Mexico, to be held from 29 November 2010 to 10 December 2010 ](/news/2010/01/25/environment-ministers-from-the-g4-bloc-ibsa-dialogue-forum-china-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-agree-a-common-position-ahead-of-future-cl.md) _Context: Cancun, Mexico, U.N. climate change talks_
2. [Vanuatu Prime Minister Edward Natapei is ousted in a vote of no confidence while traveling en route to Cancun, Mexico. Sato Kilman becomes Prime Minister. ](/news/2010/12/2/vanuatu-prime-minister-edward-natapei-is-ousted-in-a-vote-of-no-confidence-while-traveling-en-route-to-cancun-mexico-sato-kilman-becomes-p.md) _Context: Cancun, Mexico_
3. [Delegates at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Cancun, Mexico, agree to a compromise on slowing climate change, though overall failing to reach a "deal that many activists and governments want." ](/news/2010/12/11/delegates-at-the-united-nations-climate-change-conference-in-cancaon-mexico-agree-to-a-compromise-on-slowing-climate-change-though-overal.md) _Context: Mexico, U.N. climate change talks_
4. [The United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP-16) opens in the Mexican resort city of Cancun. ](/news/2010/11/30/the-united-nations-climate-change-conference-cop-16-opens-in-the-mexican-resort-city-of-cancaon.md) _Context: Mexico, U.N. climate change talks_
5. [The 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference begins in Cancun, involving 194 countries, amidst low expectations. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-2010-united-nations-climate-change-conference-begins-in-cancun-involving-194-countries-amidst-low-expectations.md) _Context: Cancun, U.N. climate change talks_
6. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Mexico_
7. [Crisis in Venezuela. Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Mexico_
8. [Crime in Mexico. A prison riot between rival gangs in Acapulco, Mexico, leaves at least 28 inmates dead. ](/news/2017/07/6/crime-in-mexico-a-prison-riot-between-rival-gangs-in-acapulco-mexico-leaves-at-least-28-inmates-dead.md) _Context: Mexico_
9. [IUCN Red List. American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/iucn-red-list-american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porp.md) _Context: Mexico_
10. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. The "charge d'affaires" of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's announcement he will withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-preside.md) _Context: climate change mitigation_
