### [2011-05-31](/news/2011/05/31/index.md)

# Former British Tory peer Lord Taylor of Warwick is jailed for 12 months for falsely claiming PS11,277 in parliamentary expenses. 

Ex-Tory peer Lord Taylor of Warwick is jailed for 12 months for falsely claiming £11,277 in parliamentary expenses.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13599624)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2011/may/31/mps-expenses-lord-taylor-jailed)

### Related:

1. [Former British Conservative Party peer Lord Taylor of Warwick is convicted of making PS11,277 in false parliamentary expenses claims. ](/news/2011/01/25/former-british-conservative-party-peer-lord-taylor-of-warwick-is-convicted-of-making-aps11-277-in-false-parliamentary-expenses-claims.md) _Context: Conservative, Lord Taylor of Warwick, MPs expenses_
2. [Former British Conservative peer and leader of Essex County Council, Lord Hanningfield is jailed for nine months for fiddling his parliamentary expenses. ](/news/2011/07/1/former-british-conservative-peer-and-leader-of-essex-county-council-lord-hanningfield-is-jailed-for-nine-months-for-fiddling-his-parliament.md) _Context: Conservative, MPs expenses_
3. [In Britain, the former leader of Essex County Council and Conservative peer Lord Hanningfield is found guilty of six counts of false accounting relating to his expenses. ](/news/2011/05/26/in-britain-the-former-leader-of-essex-county-council-and-conservative-peer-lord-hanningfield-is-found-guilty-of-six-counts-of-false-account.md) _Context: Conservative, MPs expenses_
4. [ Chloe Smith wins the Norwich North by-election, the first British constituency by-election since the United Kingdom Parliamentary expenses scandal, and gains the Conservative Party a seat held by Labour for the past 12 years. ](/news/2009/07/24/chloe-smith-wins-the-norwich-north-by-election-the-first-british-constituency-by-election-since-the-united-kingdom-parliamentary-expenses.md) _Context: Conservative, MPs expenses_
5. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative_
6. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative_
7. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative_
8. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative_
9. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Conservative_
10. [British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. ](/news/2016/06/30/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-enters-into-the-tory-leadership-contest-saying-that-article-50-of-the-eu-treaty-should-not-be-invoked-be.md) _Context: Conservative_
