### [2011-05-31](/news/2011/05/31/index.md)

# Ireland cables:The ''Irish Independent'' and ''The Belfast Telegraph'' begin a week-long joint publication of the Ireland Cables, the latest batch of U.S. diplomatic cables, in co-operation with WikiLeaks and Julian Assange. The cables, dating back more than 25 years, feature government members, diplomats, alleged terrorists, oil companies and Vatican insiders. 

The Irish Independent, along with sister newspaper The Belfast Telegraph, have obtained 1,903 US embassy cables from the WikiLeaks organisation that detail the sometimes “murky” underworld of international diplomacy between Ireland and the US. Both newspapers began publishing details contained within the cables today and will do so throughout this week.


### Source:

1. [Irish Central](http://www.irishcentral.com/news/Wikileaks-reveals-top-level-briefings-by-Irish-govt-for-US-Embassy-122858094.html)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/wikileaks/wikileaks-how-the-usa-got-access-to-irelandrsquos-secrets-2661624.html)
3. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/wikileaks/wikileaks-the-irish-independent-lifts-the-veil-of-diplomatic-secrecy-via-1903-us-embassy-cables-2661629.html)
4. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/video/video-wikileaks/)
5. [Sociable](http://sociable.co/2011/05/31/irish-newspaper-begins-publishing-wikileaks-ireland-cables/)
6. [The Belfast Telegraph](http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/northern-ireland/wikileaks-northern-ireland-secrets-revealed-16006099.html)

### Related:

1. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
2. [Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-limitations-expire-but-will-continue-to-inv.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
3. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
4. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
5. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
6. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
7. [Swedish forensic scientists find no conclusive evidence of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange's DNA in a torn condom submitted by one of his alleged rape victims. The condom had been a key piece of evidence in Sweden's case against Assange. ](/news/2012/09/17/swedish-forensic-scientists-find-no-conclusive-evidence-of-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-s-dna-in-a-torn-condom-submitted-by-one-of-his-a.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [Stand-off between Ecuador and Britain over Julian Assange:British police mass near the Ecuadorean embassy where WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange resides, after Britain threatens to use force to extract him. ](/news/2012/08/16/stand-off-between-ecuador-and-britain-over-julian-assange-pbritish-police-mass-near-the-ecuadorean-embassy-where-wikileaks-founder-julian-as.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [WikiLeaks begins publishing the Syria Files, more than two million emails from Syrian political figures, ministries and associated companies, dating from August 2006 to March 2012, which WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange claims are embarrassing to Syria, but also to Syria's opponents. ](/news/2012/07/5/wikileaks-begins-publishing-the-syria-files-more-than-two-million-emails-from-syrian-political-figures-ministries-and-associated-companies.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
