### [2011-05-31](/news/2011/05/31/index.md)

# The World Health Organization classifies cell phone radiation as a "carcinogenic hazard" and "possibly carcinogenic to humans." It was classified as such after a team of scientists reviewed peer-review studies on cell phone safety. 

Radiation from cell phones can possibly cause cancer, according to the World Health Organization. The agency now lists mobile phone use in the same &quot;carcinogenic hazard&quot; category as lead, engine exhaust and chloroform.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/HEALTH/05/31/who.cell.phones/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
2. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
3. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
4. [The World Health Organization (WHO) states that 92% of the world's population lives in air pollution levels surpassing the organization's limits. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-world-health-organization-who-states-that-92-of-the-world-s-population-lives-in-air-pollution-levels-surpassing-the-organization-s-li.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
5. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
6. [The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [  The World Health Organization confirms that the Zika virus strain spreading in Cape Verde is the same as the one in the Americas. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-world-health-organization-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-strain-spreading-in-cape-verde-is-the-same-as-the-one-in-the-americas.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [The World Health Organization declares the spread of the Zika virus a global public health emergency requiring an urgent, united response. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-world-health-organization-declares-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-a-global-public-health-emergency-requiring-an-urgent-united-response.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
