### [2005-05-16](/news/2005/05/16/index.md)

#  Ethiopian prime minister Meles Zenawi bans demonstrations in the capital Addis Ababa for one month after Sunday's parliamentary elections. Opposition parties, especially Coalition for Unity and Democracy accuse government of electoral fraud and harassment of their election observers. No results have been published yet. [http://www.news24.com/News24/Africa/News/0,,2-11-1447_1705441,00.html (News24)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4549589.stm (BBC)] [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/afx/2005/05/15/afx2028176.html (Forbes)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [State funeral of Ethiopia's long-serving Prime Minister Meles Zenawi is attended by thousands of people in Addis Ababa. ](/news/2012/09/2/state-funeral-of-ethiopia-s-long-serving-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-is-attended-by-thousands-of-people-in-addis-ababa.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
2. [A landslide at a rubbish dump on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, kills at least 48 people. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-landslide-at-a-rubbish-dump-on-the-outskirts-of-addis-ababa-ethiopia-kills-at-least-48-people.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia_
3. [2016 Ethiopian protests. At least 23 inmates are killed in a fire and stampede at Kaliti Prison near Addis Ababa in Ethiopia during an attempted jailbreak. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-ethiopian-protests-at-least-23-inmates-are-killed-in-a-fire-and-stampede-at-kaliti-prison-near-addis-ababa-in-ethiopia-during-an-attem.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia_
4. [Police in Ethiopia arrest dozens of people outside the Saudi Arabian embassy in the capital Addis Ababa who were protesting against attacks on Ethiopians in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2013/11/15/police-in-ethiopia-arrest-dozens-of-people-outside-the-saudi-arabian-embassy-in-the-capital-addis-ababa-who-were-protesting-against-attacks.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia_
5. [Ethiopian officials report that a plot by a group of Somali nationals to attack Sunday's 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match in Addis Ababa failed when their explosives detonated inside their home, killing two of the would-be suicide bombers. ](/news/2013/10/14/ethiopian-officials-report-that-a-plot-by-a-group-of-somali-nationals-to-attack-sunday-s-2014-fifa-world-cup-qualification-match-in-addis-ab.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia_
6. [Meles Zenawi, the long-term Prime Minister of Ethiopia, dies of a mystery illness after not having been seen in public for weeks. ](/news/2012/08/20/meles-zenawi-the-long-term-prime-minister-of-ethiopia-dies-of-a-mystery-illness-after-not-having-been-seen-in-public-for-weeks.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
7. [A bomb blast in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa injures two people. ](/news/2011/03/25/a-bomb-blast-in-the-ethiopian-capital-addis-ababa-injures-two-people.md) _Context: Addis Ababa, Ethiopia_
8. [Two of Ethiopia's main opposition leaders call for a rerun of Sunday's elections won by Western-backed Meles Zenawi. They say the elections were not free and fair and that two politicians were killed by security forces. ](/news/2010/05/26/two-of-ethiopia-s-main-opposition-leaders-call-for-a-rerun-of-sunday-s-elections-won-by-western-backed-meles-zenawi-they-say-the-elections.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
9. [Partial results show Western-backed leader Meles Zenawi's party is going to win the national Ethiopian election, although there are allegations it was rigged. ](/news/2010/05/24/partial-results-show-western-backed-leader-meles-zenawi-s-party-is-going-to-win-the-national-ethiopian-election-although-there-are-allegati.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
10. [Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi says radio station the Voice of America (VOA) is promoting "destabilising propaganda" that is inciting genocide in his country. ](/news/2010/03/19/ethiopian-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-says-radio-station-the-voice-of-america-voa-is-promoting-destabilising-propaganda-that-is-inciting.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Meles Zenawi_
