### [2010-03-13](/news/2010/03/13/index.md)

# Catholic sex abuse cases:Archbishop of Armagh and Primacy of Ireland Cardinal Sean Brady admits for the first time that he represented the Church when two teenagers abused by Father Brendan Smyth were forced to sign an oath of silence. 

Cardinal Sean Brady represented the Church at meetings when two victims of Fr Brendan Smyth signed an oath of silence.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0313/abuse1.html)
2. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10631809)
3. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703447104575118071623303944.html?mod=WSJ_hpp_sections_world)

### Related:

1. [Archbishop of Armagh and Primacy of Ireland Cardinal Sen Brady refuses calls by sex abuse victims such as Colm O'Gorman to resign and defends representing the Church when two teenagers abused by Father Brendan Smyth were forced to sign an oath of silence. ](/news/2010/03/14/archbishop-of-armagh-and-primacy-of-ireland-cardinal-sean-brady-refuses-calls-by-sex-abuse-victims-such-as-colm-o-gorman-to-resign-and-defen.md) _Context:  within the church, Archbishop of Armagh, Father Brendan Smyth, Primate of All Ireland, oath of silence_
2. [Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland Cardinal Sen Brady is accused of using the "Nuremberg defence" and is told to resign by politicians, including Martin McGuinness, over his representation of the Church when two teenagers abused by Father Brendan Smyth were forced to sign an oath of silence. ](/news/2010/03/16/archbishop-of-armagh-and-primate-of-all-ireland-cardinal-sean-brady-is-accused-of-using-the-nuremberg-defence-and-is-told-to-resign-by-pol.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Father Brendan Smyth, Primate of All Ireland, oath of silence_
3. [ Cardinal Sean Brady, Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland, criticises Ireland's Civil Partnership Bill, which gives statutory partnership rights to same-sex couples. ](/news/2009/08/22/cardinal-sea-n-brady-archbishop-of-armagh-and-primate-of-all-ireland-criticises-ireland-s-civil-partnership-bill-which-gives-statutory-p.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of All Ireland, Sean Brady_
4. [ Ireland's Green Party and gay rights organisations defend plans to introduce civil partnerships for same-sex couples following criticism of the move by Cardinal Sen Brady, Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland. ](/news/2009/08/24/ireland-s-green-party-and-gay-rights-organisations-defend-plans-to-introduce-civil-partnerships-for-same-sex-couples-following-criticism-of.md) _Context: Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of All Ireland_
5. [Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. ](/news/2012/12/27/catholic-figurehead-sea-n-brady-s-intervention-in-ireland-s-abortion-debate-draws-harsh-criticism-from-legislators-and-more-calls-for-the-ch.md) _Context: Sean Brady_
6. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: Sean Brady_
7. [The  Vatican will issue guidelines for bishops, on how to combat sexual abuse  within the church. ](/news/2010/11/20/the-vatican-will-issue-guidelines-for-bishops-on-how-to-combat-sexual-abuse-within-the-church.md) _Context:  within the church_
8. [Pope Benedict XVI's visit to the United Kingdom:Pope Benedict XVI apologizes to the victims of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church during his visit to Britain. ](/news/2010/09/18/pope-benedict-xvi-s-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-ppope-benedict-xvi-apologizes-to-the-victims-of-sexual-abuse-within-the-roman-catholic-churc.md) _Context:  within the church_
9. [Norway experiences its first Catholic child abuse scandal as it becomes known that a bishop, Georg Muller, was forced to resign in 2009 because of sexual abuse of an altar boy in the early 1990s. ](/news/2010/04/7/norway-experiences-its-first-catholic-child-abuse-scandal-as-it-becomes-known-that-a-bishop-georg-ma1-4ller-was-forced-to-resign-in-2009-bec.md) _Context:  within the church_
10. [Pope Benedict XVI makes an explicit promise that the Roman Catholic Church will take action against child sexual abuse by priests. ](/news/2010/04/21/pope-benedict-xvi-makes-an-explicit-promise-that-the-roman-catholic-church-will-take-action-against-child-sexual-abuse-by-priests.md) _Context:  within the church_
