### [2010-03-13](/news/2010/03/13/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu launches an inquiry into how plans for hundreds of new homes in East Jerusalem were announced.




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/03/2010314211733545356.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, East Jerusalem, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Middle East:Israel refuses renewed calls to stop building homes in East Jerusalem, with a representative of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stating in writing: "Israeli construction policy in Jerusalem has remained the same for 42 years and isn't changing". ](/news/2010/03/26/middle-east-pisrael-refuses-renewed-calls-to-stop-building-homes-in-east-jerusalem-with-a-representative-of-prime-minister-benjamin-netanya.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, East Jerusalem, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals"](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/9/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-blames-the-islamic-state-for-the-attack-that-killed-four-soldiers-and-injured-15-others-in-east-je.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, East Jerusalem_
6. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
8. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejects a French-sponsored international conference to continue peace negotiations that have stalled since 2014 in settling the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, saying that direct talks were the only way to resolve the decades-long conflict. France wants to immediately recognize a Palestinian state without discussion over its borders or security issues. ](/news/2016/04/28/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rejects-a-french-sponsored-international-conference-to-continue-peace-negotiations-that-have-stall.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
10. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
