### [2010-03-13](/news/2010/03/13/index.md)

# New Zealander Peter Bethune, a member of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society who captained the ''Ady Gil'' when it crashed with the MV ''Shonan Maru 2'' and sank, encounters coastguards, police and protesters as he arrives on the Japanese mainland. 

A leading member of the conservation group Sea Shepherd, who was detained aboard a whaling vessel for nearly a month, was met by a crowd of police, coastguards and protesters as he arrived on the Japanese mainland.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/environment/whale-watch/tokyos-angry-reception-for-antiwhaling-activist-20100312-q46s.html)

### Related:

1. [The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society's anti-whaling speedboat ''Ady Gil'', which was damaged on Wednesday during a confrontation with the Japanese security vessel ''Shonan Maru 2'', sinks in the Southern Ocean shortly before 3:30 a.m. AEDT as the Society's ''Bob Barker'' attempts to salvage the boat. ](/news/2010/01/8/the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-s-anti-whaling-speedboat-ady-gil-which-was-damaged-on-wednesday-during-a-confrontation-with-the-j.md) _Context: Ady Gil, Japan, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society_
2. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society_
3. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand_
4. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand_
5. [Earthquakes hit off the coasts of Vancouver Island, Cuba, Japan, and New Zealand's north island. ](/news/2011/09/15/earthquakes-hit-off-the-coasts-of-vancouver-island-cuba-japan-and-new-zealand-s-north-island.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand_
6. [Japanese officials announce their intention to send the country's whaling fleet back to Antarctica later in the year; the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is also to return. ](/news/2011/07/12/japanese-officials-announce-their-intention-to-send-the-country-s-whaling-fleet-back-to-antarctica-later-in-the-year-the-sea-shepherd-conse.md) _Context: Japan, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society_
7. [New Zealand environmental activist Peter Bethune is given a two year suspended sentence in a Tokyo District Court for his role in boarding a Japanese whaling ship. ](/news/2010/07/7/new-zealand-environmental-activist-peter-bethune-is-given-a-two-year-suspended-sentence-in-a-tokyo-district-court-for-his-role-in-boarding-a.md) _Context: Japan, New Zealand_
8. [The National Diet of Japan passes legislation allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate. The abdication is to take place within three years. ](/news/2017/06/9/the-national-diet-of-japan-passes-legislation-allowing-emperor-akihito-to-abdicate-the-abdication-is-to-take-place-within-three-years.md) _Context: Japan_
9. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan_
10. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from   Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand.  This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to  22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-n.md) _Context: New Zealand_
