### [2006-08-27](/news/2006/08/27/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. 

DURING THE RECENT month-long war between Hezbollah and Israel, U.N. peacekeeping forces made a startling contribution: They openly published daily real-time intelligence, of obvious usefulness to Hezbollah, on the location, equipment, and force structure of Israeli troops in Lebanon. UNIFIL--the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, a nearly 2,000-man blue-helmet contingent that has been present on the Lebanon-Israel border since 1978--is officially neutral. Yet, throughout the recent war, it posted on its website for all to see precise information about the movements of Israeli Defense Forces soldiers and the nature of their weaponry and materiel, even specifying the placement of IDF safety structures within hours of their construction. New information was sometimes only 30 minutes old when it was posted, and never more than 24 hours old. Meanwhile, UNIFIL posted not a single item of specific intelligence regarding Hezbollah forces. Statements on the order of Hezbollah fired rockets in large numbers from various locations and Hezbollah&#039;s rockets were fired in significantly larger numbers from various locations are as precise as its coverage of the other side ever got. 


### Source:

1. [AFP via Al Nahar](http://www.naharnet.com/domino/tn/NewsDesk.nsf/getstory?openform&93F6FB6B14761BE8C22571D7002BE416)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/DB97B096-210F-4DC4-84AC-6DCD4813F411.htm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/755360.html)
4. [Weekly Standard](http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/622bqwjn.asp)

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt, Israel_
2. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, Germany, Israel_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Hezbollah sets up armed militias of more than 2,000 children of shahids aged 10-15, training them to sacrifice their lives, an Egyptian weekly reports. ](/news/2006/09/2/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-hezbollah-sets-up-armed-militias-of-more-than-2-000-children-of-shahids-aged-10-15-training-them-to-sacrifi.md) _Context: Egypt, Hezbollah, war_
4. [ Amnesty International accuses Hezbollah of war crimes, in its deliberate targeting of civilians in Israel during the recent Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2006/09/14/amnesty-international-accuses-hezbollah-of-war-crimes-in-its-deliberate-targeting-of-civilians-in-israel-during-the-recent-israel-lebanon.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
5. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: The US and France have agreed on the wording of a UN resolution to end the fighting between Israel and Hezbollah.](/news/2006/08/5/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-the-us-and-france-have-agreed-on-the-wording-of-a-un-resolution-to-end-the-fighting-between-israel-and-hezbo.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
6. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan tells the Lebanese government that he wants the two Israeli soldiers captured by Hezbollah to be handed to the Red Cross. ](/news/2006/08/28/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-tells-the-lebanese-government-that-he-wants-the-two-israeli-sold.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
7. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel claims that Hezbollah fired 10 Katyusha rockets into Southern Lebanon with none reaching Israel. ](/news/2006/08/15/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-claims-that-hezbollah-fired-10-katyusha-rockets-into-southern-lebanon-with-none-reaching-israel.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
8. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel will pursue Hezbollah leaders in Lebanon despite the ceasefire ending the month-long conflict, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has told parliament.](/news/2006/08/14/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-will-pursue-hezbollah-leaders-in-lebanon-despite-the-ceasefire-ending-the-month-long-conflict-prime.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
9. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Al-Qaeda's deputy leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, openly supports Hezbollah attacks on Israel, Calling for Jihad until Islam reigns from "Spain to Iraq". ](/news/2006/07/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-openly-supports-hezbollah-attacks-on-israel-calling-for-jihad.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
10. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-ko.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, war_
