### [2006-08-27](/news/2006/08/27/index.md)

#  Hurricane Ernesto becomes the first hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Jeb Bush later declares a state of emergency due to its possible impact on Florida later in the week. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2361439&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)
2. [Associated Press](http://rdu.news14.com/content/headlines/?ArID=89849&SecID=2)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Atlantic Hurricane season: The Governor of Florida Charlie Crist declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Fay is due to hit Florida on Monday, possibly at hurricane strength. ](/news/2008/08/16/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-governor-of-florida-charlie-crist-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-fay-is-due-to-hit-flo.md) _Context: Florida, state of emergency_
2. [ United States district court judge Jeremy Fogel imposes a moratorium on lethal injections in California stating that they are unconstitutional. In an unrelated incident, the Governor of Florida Jeb Bush has suspended lethal injections in Florida pending an investigation into the system after the recent execution of ngel Nieves Daz took 34 minutes after it was botched. ](/news/2006/12/15/united-states-district-court-judge-jeremy-fogel-imposes-a-moratorium-on-lethal-injections-in-california-stating-that-they-are-unconstitutio.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
3. [ Residents in south Florida prepare for Tropical Storm Ernesto with concerns that the storm could again strengthen and become a hurricane after it leaves Cuba. ](/news/2006/08/29/residents-in-south-florida-prepare-for-tropical-storm-ernesto-with-concerns-that-the-storm-could-again-strengthen-and-become-a-hurricane-af.md) _Context: Florida, Tropical Storm Ernesto_
4. [ Tropical Storm Alberto threatens to hit the Northwest coast of Florida, United States. Hurricane warnings are issued and Gov. Jeb Bush declares a state of emergency. Mandatory evacuations are ordered for low-lying areas. ](/news/2006/06/12/tropical-storm-alberto-threatens-to-hit-the-northwest-coast-of-florida-united-states-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-and-gov-jeb-bush-decl.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
5. [ Florida Governor Jeb Bush closes the inquiry into the case of Terri Schiavo, having been informed by prosecutors that there is no evidence of any crime leading to her 1990 collapse. ](/news/2005/07/8/florida-governor-jeb-bush-closes-the-inquiry-into-the-case-of-terri-schiavo-having-been-informed-by-prosecutors-that-there-is-no-evidence.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
6. [ United States Supreme Court rejects appeal of Florida governor Jeb Bush to keep brain damaged Terri Schiavo alive against the wishes of her husband. Her parents try to remove her husband from the post of her guardian ](/news/2005/01/26/united-states-supreme-court-rejects-appeal-of-florida-governor-jeb-bush-to-keep-brain-damaged-terri-schiavo-alive-against-the-wishes-of-her.md) _Context: Florida, Jeb Bush_
7. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: state of emergency_
8. [A discharged 45-year-old former employee shoots and kills five people at a manufacturing business in Orlando, Florida, United States. The shooter took his own life afterwards. Eight others inside the workplace survived. ](/news/2017/06/5/a-discharged-45-year-old-former-employee-shoots-and-kills-five-people-at-a-manufacturing-business-in-orlando-florida-united-states-the-sh.md) _Context: Florida_
9. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Florida_
