
Formats: [HTML](/news/2006/08/27/israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-weeks-as-reported-earlier-in-eg.html)  [JSON](/news/2006/08/27/israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-weeks-as-reported-earlier-in-eg.json)  [XML](/news/2006/08/27/israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-weeks-as-reported-earlier-in-eg.xml)  

### [2006-08-27](/news/2006/08/27/index.md)

##### Israel
#  Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. 

DURING THE RECENT month-long war between Hezbollah and Israel, U.N. peacekeeping forces made a startling contribution: They openly published daily real-time intelligence, of obvious usefulness to Hezbollah, on the location, equipment, and force structure of Israeli troops in Lebanon. UNIFIL--the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, a nearly 2,000-man blue-helmet contingent that has been present on the Lebanon-Israel border since 1978--is officially neutral. Yet, throughout the recent war, it posted on its website for all to see precise information about the movements of Israeli Defense Forces soldiers and the nature of their weaponry and materiel, even specifying the placement of IDF safety structures within hours of their construction. New information was sometimes only 30 minutes old when it was posted, and never more than 24 hours old. Meanwhile, UNIFIL posted not a single item of specific intelligence regarding Hezbollah forces. Statements on the order of Hezbollah fired rockets in large numbers from various locations and Hezbollah&#039;s rockets were fired in significantly larger numbers from various locations are as precise as its coverage of the other side ever got. 


### Sources:

1. [AFP via Al Nahar](http://www.naharnet.com/domino/tn/NewsDesk.nsf/getstory?openform&93F6FB6B14761BE8C22571D7002BE416)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/DB97B096-210F-4DC4-84AC-6DCD4813F411.htm)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/755360.html)
4. [Weekly Standard](http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/000/000/012/622bqwjn.asp)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.weeklystandard.com/s3/tws15/images/twitter/tws-twitter_1024x512.png)

### Changes:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. ](/news/2006/08/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-w.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (First version)_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. ](/news/2006/08/27/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-w.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:17 (Update)_
2. [ Israel denies that a German-mediated prisoner exchange with Hezbollah is to take place within two or three weeks, as reported earlier in Egyptian state-run daily Al-Ahram. ](/news/2006/08/27/israel-denies-that-a-german-mediated-prisoner-exchange-with-hezbollah-is-to-take-place-within-two-or-three-weeks-as-reported-earlier-in-eg.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Ahram Online, Egypt, Israel_
2. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, Germany, Israel_
3. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel_
5. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
