### [2017-04-9](/news/2017/04/9/index.md)

# Finnish municipal elections, 2017 Voters go to the polls for municipal elections in Finland. 

Finland&amp;#039;s municipal elections are underway, as today Sunday, April 9 is Election Day. Over 26 percent of people who are eligible to vote already cast their votes in advance voting, and experts predict total voting percentages may exceed 60 percent. The elections were moved from the autumn to the spring in order to encourage more people to go to the polls.


### Source:

1. [Yle News](http://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/polls_open_to_voters_in_finlands_municipal_election/9555748)
2. [Finnish Ministry of Justice](http://www.vaalit.fi/en/index/onelections/municipalelections.html)

### Related:

1. [China-Finland relations Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/chinaafinland-relations-pchinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Finland_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Finland_
3. [Three women, the Imatra Town Council chairwoman and two local reporters, are shot dead outside a restaurant in Imatra, Finland, a town east of the capital, Helsinki. A 23-year-old suspect is apprehended by police. ](/news/2016/12/4/three-women-the-imatra-town-council-chairwoman-and-two-local-reporters-are-shot-dead-outside-a-restaurant-in-imatra-finland-a-town-east.md) _Context: Finland_
4. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Finland_
5. [British-born American Oliver Hart and Finnish Bengt Holmstrom win the Nobel Prize in Economics for their work on the science of contracts. ](/news/2016/10/10/british-born-american-oliver-hart-and-finnish-bengt-holmstrapm-win-the-nobel-prize-in-economics-for-their-work-on-the-science-of-contracts.md) _Context: Finland_
6. [A court sentences five members of the Cuba men's national volleyball team to prison for a gang rape of a Finnish woman that took place in Tampere, Finland, in July 2016 during the FIVB Volleyball World League. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-court-sentences-five-members-of-the-cuba-men-s-national-volleyball-team-to-prison-for-a-gang-rape-of-a-finnish-woman-that-took-place-in-ta.md) _Context: Finland_
7. [Eight members of the Cuba men's national volleyball team, which is supposed to participate in the 2016 Summer Olympics, are arrested for aggravated group rape in Tampere, Finland, with two later being released. ](/news/2016/07/4/eight-members-of-the-cuba-men-s-national-volleyball-team-which-is-supposed-to-participate-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-are-arrested-for-agg.md) _Context: Finland_
8. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Finland_
9. [A 73-year-old gunman shoots dead a police officer, and seriously wounds another before shooting himself dead in Vihti, Finland. Finnish broadcaster Yle reports it is the first time a police officer in Finland has been killed  in the line of duty since 2007. ](/news/2016/06/18/a-73-year-old-gunman-shoots-dead-a-police-officer-and-seriously-wounds-another-before-shooting-himself-dead-in-vihti-finland-finnish-broa.md) _Context: Finland_
10. [The Parliament of Finland holds a debate on whether or not to abandon the Euro as its currency following a petition that garnered enough signatures to force the issue into parliament. This comes as Finland as dealing with a weakening economy but the petition is unlikely to lead to the country leaving the Eurozone. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-parliament-of-finland-holds-a-debate-on-whether-or-not-to-abandon-the-euro-as-its-currency-following-a-petition-that-garnered-enough-sig.md) _Context: Finland_
