### [2017-04-9](/news/2017/04/9/index.md)

# North Korea-United States relations. The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS "Carl Vinson", to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39542990)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to -maximum pace- and test a nuclear device -at any time- in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. Pacific Command, intercontinental ballistic_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-mis.md) _Context: North Korea, U.S. Pacific Command, intercontinental ballistic_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea-United States relations. North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly in favor of legislation to tighten sanctions on North Korea in response to the North's latest nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/12/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-overwhe.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea-United States relations. In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
