### [2017-04-9](/news/2017/04/9/index.md)

# The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39542990)

### Related:

1. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-United States relations_
2. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korean defense officials report that a North Korean missile was fired in the early morning, but quickly failed and did not travel beyond North Korea, echoing a similar failed attempt by North Korea thirteen days ago. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korean-defense-officials-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-was-fired-in-the-early-morning-but-quickly-f.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, U.S. Pacific Command_
3. [The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report  that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on  the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-missile-tested-near-the-city-of-sinpo-on-the.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, U.S. Pacific Command_
4. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-United States relations_
5. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
6. [North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-of-america.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-United States relations_
7. [The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly in favor of legislation to tighten sanctions on North Korea in response to the North's latest nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/12/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favor-of-legislation-to-tighten-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, North Korea-United States relations_
8. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wonsan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
