### [2016-05-27](/news/2016/05/27/index.md)

# As of this day, local and central government are prohibited from making announcements in a way that could affect the outcome of the referendum. 

Civil servants prohibited from making EU pronouncements or releasing information in four-week run-up to poll


### Source:

1. [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/may/23/purdah-period-silence-officials-eu-referendum-friday)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/07b89374f28190737682a8eb3cbbbac5836b8efe/0_99_3500_2100/3500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=cfcc06237b0031d3d4c065e8b6ad9b1b)

### Related:

1. [The London FTSE index recovers from its losses after the result of the European Union membership referendum, closing at its highest level since April. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-london-ftse-index-recovers-from-its-losses-after-the-result-of-the-european-union-membership-referendum-closing-at-its-highest-level-si.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
2. [A petition calling for a second EU referendum has topped two million signatures - more than doubling the highest signed in UK parliamentary history. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-petition-calling-for-a-second-eu-referendum-has-topped-two-million-signatures-a-more-than-doubling-the-highest-signed-in-uk-parliamentar.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
3. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
4. [The British pound and FTSE 100 Index for the London Stock Exchange both fall in trading as early results from the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum show a stronger than expected result for Leave. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-british-pound-and-ftse-100-index-for-the-london-stock-exchange-both-fall-in-trading-as-early-results-from-the-united-kingdom-european-un.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
5. [Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls to vote in a referendum on whether the UK should leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/23/voters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-a-referendum-on-whether-the-uk-should-leave-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
6. [Rupert Murdoch-controlled tabloid "The Sun", Britain's second biggest selling newspaper, endorses Brexit, saying that the people of UK should "Take back control and BeLeave in Britain". ](/news/2016/06/14/rupert-murdoch-controlled-tabloid-the-sun-britain-s-second-biggest-selling-newspaper-endorses-brexit-saying-that-the-people-of-uk-shoul.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron releases his tax records in an effort to remove discussion about his personal wealth from the current political discourse. His initial reluctance to admit he had benefited from his late father's offshore Panama Papers holdings still seems to be affecting the upcoming European Union referendum. Unfortunately for the PM, the main Sunday newspapers in the U.K. tell of a gift of 200,000 pounds ($282,500) from his mother in 2011, suggesting it may have been a way of avoiding inheritance tax. ](/news/2016/04/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-releases-his-tax-records-in-an-effort-to-remove-discussion-about-his-personal-wealth-from-the-current-p.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
8. [The British Chambers of Commerce suspends Director-General John Longworth for announcing his personal views on Brexit. The BCC, whose members are split on this issue, will not campaign for either side. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-british-chambers-of-commerce-suspends-director-general-john-longworth-for-announcing-his-personal-views-on-brexit-the-bcc-whose-member.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
9. [In what is seen as a major boost for the "Vote Leave" campaign, Mayor of London Boris Johnson announces he will be campaigning for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/21/in-what-is-seen-as-a-major-boost-for-the-vote-leave-campaign-mayor-of-london-boris-johnson-announces-he-will-be-campaigning-for-the-unite.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
