### [2016-05-27](/news/2016/05/27/index.md)

# In the U.S., the Iowa Supreme Court rules  juveniles, even those convicted of first-degree murder, can not be sentenced to life without parole, becoming the 19th state to ban such sentences. As of January, about 2,300 American juveniles were serving life-without-parole sentences.  

In the majority opinion of the Iowa Supreme Court, even juveniles who commit the severest crimes deserve the possibility of a second chance.


### Source:

1. [The Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Justice/2016/0527/Iowa-Supreme-Court-bans-life-without-parole-sentences-for-all-juveniles)
2. [The Des Moines Register](http://www.desmoinesregister.com/story/news/crime-and-courts/2016/05/27/court-juvenile-killers-cant-get-life-without-parole/85025960/)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/28/us/life-sentences-juveniles-iowa-isaiah-sweet.html?_r=0&module=ArrowsNav&contentCollection=U.S.&action=keypress&region=FixedLeft&pgtype=article)

### Related:

1. [The Indian state of Gujarat passes a law which makes the slaughter of a cow punishable by life imprisonment. ](/news/2017/03/31/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-passes-a-law-which-makes-the-slaughter-of-a-cow-punishable-by-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
2. [The Sindh province of Pakistan passes a law against forced religious conversions, carrying a minimum five-year sentence and a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, following criticism over protection of minorities in the country. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-sindh-province-of-pakistan-passes-a-law-against-forced-religious-conversions-carrying-a-minimum-five-year-sentence-and-a-maximum-senten.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
3. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
4. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
5. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
6. [The jury at Southwark Crown Court convicts British 70s glam rock star Gary Glitter on child sexual abuse charges with the prospect of life imprisonment. ](/news/2015/02/5/the-jury-at-southwark-crown-court-convicts-british-70s-glam-rock-star-gary-glitter-on-child-sexual-abuse-charges-with-the-prospect-of-life-i.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
7. [Eddie Ray Routh is found guilty of the 2013 murder of United States Navy SEALs' sniper Chris Kyle and Kyle's friend Chad Littlefield in Texas. Routh is automatically sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. ](/news/2015/02/24/eddie-ray-routh-is-found-guilty-of-the-2013-murder-of-united-states-navy-seals-sniper-chris-kyle-and-kyle-s-friend-chad-littlefield-in-texa.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
8. [A court in Langfang, China, sentences former senior Chinese politician Liu Tienan to life imprisonment after having been found guilty of corruption. ](/news/2014/12/10/a-court-in-langfang-china-sentences-former-senior-chinese-politician-liu-tienan-to-life-imprisonment-after-having-been-found-guilty-of-cor.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
9. [Murderer and Sex Offender Brett Peter Cowan is sentenced to life imprisonment with a non-parole period of 20 years after being found guilty of murder, improperly interfering with a corpse and indecently dealing with a child under the age of 16 following the murder of Daniel Morcombe on the Sunshine Coast in December 2003. ](/news/2014/03/13/murderer-and-sex-offender-brett-peter-cowan-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-with-a-non-parole-period-of-20-years-after-being-found-guilty.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
10. [The two men convicted of the murder of Lee Rigby are sentenced to life imprisonment, Michael Adebolajo without the possibility of parole, and Michael Adebowale with the possibility of parole after 45 years. ](/news/2014/02/26/the-two-men-convicted-of-the-murder-of-lee-rigby-are-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-michael-adebolajo-without-the-possibility-of-parole-an.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
