### [2016-05-27](/news/2016/05/27/index.md)

# More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." 

More than 100 medical experts, academia and scientists on Friday have called for the Rio Olympic Games to be postponed or moved because of fears that the event could speed up the spread of the Zika virus around the world.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/27/health/zika-virus-olympic-games-health-officials-postpone/)
2. [Rio Olympics Later](http://rioolympicslater.org/)
3. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/us-sport-olympics-zika-idINKCN0YI2CA)

### Related:

1. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Margaret Chan, World Health Organization, Zika virus_
2. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for  the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Zika virus_
3. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
7. [Contractors and suppliers for the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games claim they are owed millions in unpaid debts. ](/news/2016/11/28/contractors-and-suppliers-for-the-rio-de-janeiro-olympic-games-claim-they-are-owed-millions-in-unpaid-debts.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
9. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
10. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
