### [2016-05-27](/news/2016/05/27/index.md)

# Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. 

Controversial mayor, known as The Punisher, gets more than 16 million votes after campaign pledge to kill criminals.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/05/rodrigo-duterte-philippines-presidency-160527125454511.html)

### Related:

1. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
3. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-president-leni-robredo-regarding-her-narrow-v.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
5. [Bongbong Marcos pays [?]36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/bongbong-marcos-pays-a-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
6. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Rodrigo Duterte continues to lead in the presidential race, while Leni Robredo leads Bongbong Marcos by a small margin in the vice presidential race. ](/news/2016/05/10/rodrigo-duterte-continues-to-lead-in-the-presidential-race-while-leni-robredo-leads-bongbong-marcos-by-a-small-margin-in-the-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte is planning to seek the approval of the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis) until the end of 2017. According to the 1987 revision of the Constitution, under Section 18 of Article VII, any martial law proclamation should not exceed a period of 60 days (Proclamation No. 216 officially ends on 22 July); and upon the initiative of the President, Congress (voting jointly, by a vote of at least a majority of all its Members in regular or special session) may extend the proclamation for a period to be determined by Congress, if the current situation still persists and public safety requires it. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-is-planning-to-seek-the-approval-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
