### [2016-05-27](/news/2016/05/27/index.md)

# United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. As of this day, local and central government are prohibited from making announcements in a way that could affect the outcome of the referendum. 

Civil servants prohibited from making EU pronouncements or releasing information in four-week run-up to poll


### Source:

1. [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/may/23/purdah-period-silence-officials-eu-referendum-friday)

### Related:

1. [The London FTSE index recovers from its losses after the result of the European Union membership referendum, closing at its highest level since April. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-london-ftse-index-recovers-from-its-losses-after-the-result-of-the-european-union-membership-referendum-closing-at-its-highest-level-si.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
2. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. A petition calling for a second EU referendum has topped two million signatures - more than doubling the highest signed in UK parliamentary history. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-a-petition-calling-for-a-second-eu-referendum-has-topped-two-million-signatures.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
3. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
4. [Brexit impact. The British pound and FTSE 100 Index for the London Stock Exchange both fall in trading as early results from the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum show a stronger than expected result for Leave. ](/news/2016/06/24/brexit-impact-the-british-pound-and-ftse-100-index-for-the-london-stock-exchange-both-fall-in-trading-as-early-results-from-the-united-king.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
5. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. Voters in the United Kingdom go to the polls to vote in a referendum on whether the UK should leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/23/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-voters-in-the-united-kingdom-go-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-a-referendum-on-whether-t.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
6. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:. European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-european-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-sayi.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
7. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. Rupert Murdoch-controlled tabloid "The Sun", Britain's second biggest selling newspaper, endorses Brexit, saying that the people of UK should "Take back control and BeLeave in Britain". ](/news/2016/06/14/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-rupert-murdoch-controlled-tabloid-the-sun-britain-s-second-biggest-selling-new.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
8. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:. In a substantial swing, the "Leave" camp is 10 points ahead of "Remain" with less than two weeks to go before Britain's referendum on whether to stay in the European Union, according to a poll by ORB. ](/news/2016/06/10/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-in-a-substantial-swing-the-leave-camp-is-10-points-ahead-of-remain-with-les.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
9. [Panama Papers. British Prime Minister David Cameron releases his tax records in an effort to remove discussion about his personal wealth from the current political discourse. His initial reluctance to admit he had benefited from his late father's offshore Panama Papers holdings still seems to be affecting the upcoming European Union referendum. Unfortunately for the PM, the main Sunday newspapers in the U.K. tell of a gift of 200,000 pounds ($282,500) from his mother in 2011, suggesting it may have been a way of avoiding inheritance tax. ](/news/2016/04/10/panama-papers-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-releases-his-tax-records-in-an-effort-to-remove-discussion-about-his-personal-wealth-fro.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
10. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The British Chambers of Commerce suspends Director-General John Longworth for announcing his personal views on Brexit. The BCC, whose members are split on this issue, will not campaign for either side. ](/news/2016/03/4/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-british-chambers-of-commerce-suspends-director-general-john-longworth-for-ann.md) _Context: European Union membership referendum_
