### [2016-05-21](/news/2016/05/21/index.md)

#  2014-16 Venezuelan protests: The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. 

Venezuela is holding the biggest military exercise in its history this weekend, citing threats to national security, as the opposition pushes for a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-21/venezuela-holds-war-games-as-opposition-demands-recall-vote)
2. [Stratis Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/world/americas/military-on-high-alert-in-venezuela)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
2. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-s.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
3. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-val.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
4. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-o.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
5. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcin.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
6. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests: According to a new poll, two-thirds of Venezuelans think President Nicolas Maduro should end his presidency this year or be removed via a recall referendum amid a worsening economic crisis. In the event of a referendum, 52.1 percent of Venezuelans would vote to remove him from office, up from 44.5 percent in January, according to the poll. ](/news/2016/03/27/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-according-to-a-new-poll-two-thirds-of-venezuelans-think-president-nicola-s-maduro-should-end-his-presidency.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, President_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripan.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan Army_
8. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis: The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
9. [United States-Venezuela relations: The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
10. [2017 Venezuelan protests: A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/2017-venezuelan-protests-a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-p.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President_
