### [2016-05-21](/news/2016/05/21/index.md)

# Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. 




### Source:

1. [WFAA](http://www.wfaa.com/news/nation/lake-mead-drops-to-the-lowest-level-in-history/208435296)

### Related:

1. [Mysterious lights from an unidentified flying object spook people in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It was later confirmed as a test flight of a UGM-133 Trident II missile. ](/news/2015/11/8/mysterious-lights-from-an-unidentified-flying-object-spook-people-in-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-was-later-confirmed-as-a-test-fligh.md) _Context: Arizona, California, Nevada_
2. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona, California, United States_
3. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Arizona, Nevada_
4. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
5. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
6. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the  Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-a-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
7. [In the United States, the California Labor Commission ruled that a San Francisco Uber driver is a company employee, not a contractor. Uber is appealing this ruling, that would increase the company's costs and liabilities, to the state's court system. A hearing for a class certification of a similar lawsuit against Uber is scheduled for August 2015. ](/news/2015/06/17/in-the-united-states-the-california-labor-commission-ruled-that-a-san-francisco-uber-driver-is-a-company-employee-not-a-contractor-uber-i.md) _Context: California, United States_
8. [Former NFL player Darren Sharper pleads guilty in a Maricopa County, Arizona courtroom to raping two women after spiking their drinks at a Tempe apartment in November 2013, and the court sentences him to nine years in prison. Sharper has also been indicted on charges of sexually assaulting women in the U.S. states of California, Louisiana, and Nevada. ](/news/2015/03/23/former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-pleads-guilty-in-a-maricopa-county-arizona-courtroom-to-raping-two-women-after-spiking-their-drinks-at-a-t.md) _Context: California, Nevada_
9. [Six people are wounded during a drive-by shooting outside a McDonald's restaurant in East Palo Alto, California, United States. ](/news/2013/05/5/six-people-are-wounded-during-a-drive-by-shooting-outside-a-mcdonald-s-restaurant-in-east-palo-alto-california-united-states.md) _Context: California, United States_
10. [A limousine catches fire on the San Mateo Bridge in Hayward, California, United States killing five women and injuring four trapped inside. ](/news/2013/05/5/a-limousine-catches-fire-on-the-san-mateo-bridge-in-hayward-california-united-states-killing-five-women-and-injuring-four-trapped-inside.md) _Context: California, United States_
