### [2016-05-21](/news/2016/05/21/index.md)

#   The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. 

Russia has proposed to the U.S.-led coalition that they stage joint air strikes on Syrian rebels, including militant Islamist group Nusra Front, who are not observing a ceasefire, but the United States responded coolly on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/russia-proposes-joint-syria-airstrikes_us_573f28bce4b0613b512a0751)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-russia-usa-syria-idUSKCN0YB1HB)
3. [VOA News](http://www.voanews.com/content/pentagon-rejects-joint-strikes-with-russia/3339269.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
2. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States military_
3. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
5. [At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near-al-bab-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
