### [2016-05-21](/news/2016/05/21/index.md)

#   The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. 

Venezuela is holding the biggest military exercise in its history this weekend, citing threats to national security, as the opposition pushes for a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-21/venezuela-holds-war-games-as-opposition-demands-recall-vote)
2. [Stratis Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/world/americas/military-on-high-alert-in-venezuela)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
2. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
3. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens  across the country queue up for  fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable  must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step  of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatur.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
4. [Amid a state of emergency, Venezuelan police clash and fire tear gas at protesters calling for the downfall of socialist president Nicolas Maduro in central Caracas. The protests come a day after Maduro warned that the opposition-controlled National Assembly may soon "disappear". ](/news/2016/05/18/amid-a-state-of-emergency-venezuelan-police-clash-and-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-calling-for-the-downfall-of-socialist-president-nicola-s.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
5. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
6. [According to a new poll, two-thirds of Venezuelans think President Nicolas Maduro should end his presidency this year or be removed via a recall referendum amid a worsening economic crisis. In the event of a referendum, 52.1 percent of Venezuelans would vote to remove him from office, up from 44.5 percent in January, according to the poll. ](/news/2016/03/27/according-to-a-new-poll-two-thirds-of-venezuelans-think-president-nicola-s-maduro-should-end-his-presidency-this-year-or-be-removed-via-a-r.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
7. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
8. [A young man is shot dead in Valencia, Carabobo, amid ongoing protests against the government of Nicolas Maduro. Protesters tear down a statue of former President Hugo Chavez in Rosario de Perija. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-young-man-is-shot-dead-in-valencia-carabobo-amid-ongoing-protests-against-the-government-of-nicola-s-maduro-protesters-tear-down-a-stat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
9. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
10. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan President_
