### [2016-05-21](/news/2016/05/21/index.md)

#   The World Health Organization confirms that the Zika virus strain spreading in Cape Verde is the same as the one in the Americas. 

The detection has triggered more efforts to beef up surveillance and testing capacity in African countries.


### Source:

1. [CIDRAP](http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2016/05/cape-verde-zika-virus-matches-americas-strain-threatening-africa)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-3601001/Zika-strain-Americas-outbreak-spreads-Africa-time-WHO.html)

### Related:

1. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
2. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
3. [The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-already-reported-in-singapore-and-tha.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
4. [Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection confirms Hong Kong's first case of Zika virus in a 38-year-old woman and says it will report the case to the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2016/08/25/hong-kong-s-centre-for-health-protection-confirms-hong-kong-s-first-case-of-zika-virus-in-a-38-year-old-woman-and-says-it-will-report-the-ca.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
5. [The World Health Organization advises women in areas where the Zika virus is prevalent to delay pregnancies. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-world-health-organization-advises-women-in-areas-where-the-zika-virus-is-prevalent-to-delay-pregnancies.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
6. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
7. [The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the  U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says  evidence strongly suggests  sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoing-transmission-of-zika-virus-echoing.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
8. [The World Health Organization declares the spread of the Zika virus a global public health emergency requiring an urgent, united response. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-world-health-organization-declares-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-a-global-public-health-emergency-requiring-an-urgent-united-response.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
9. [The World Health Organization forms an emergency committee to tackle the spread of the Zika virus in the Americas. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-world-health-organization-forms-an-emergency-committee-to-tackle-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-the-americas.md) _Context: World Health Organization, Zika virus_
10. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Zika virus_
