### [2009-11-16](/news/2009/11/16/index.md)

#  NASA launches Space Shuttle "Atlantis" on STS-129 at 1928 UTC (2:28pm EST), bringing supplies and the first two ExPRESS Logistics Carriers to the International Space Station. 

NASA&#039;s space shuttle fleet began setting records with its first launch on April 12, 1981 and continued to set high marks of achievement and endurance through 30 years of missions.


### Source:

1. [NASA](http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/shuttle/main/index.html)

### Related:

1. [NASA astronauts on board "Atlantis" complete the final spacewalk of the Space Shuttle era, recouping an ammonia pump on the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2011/07/12/nasa-astronauts-on-board-atlantis-complete-the-final-spacewalk-of-the-space-shuttle-era-recouping-an-ammonia-pump-on-the-international-sp.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
2. [The Space Shuttle Atlantis undocks from the International Space Station for the final time in the history of the space shuttle program. ](/news/2011/07/19/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-undocks-from-the-international-space-station-for-the-final-time-in-the-history-of-the-space-shuttle-program.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
3. [ The United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration delays the Space Shuttle "Discovery"'s mission to the International Space Station due to a hydrogen gas leak. ](/news/2009/03/11/the-united-states-national-aeronautics-and-space-administration-delays-the-space-shuttle-discovery-s-mission-to-the-international-space-s.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA, Space Shuttle_
4. [ The Space Shuttle "Atlantis" lands at Kennedy Space Center following the conclusion of the STS-122 assembly mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/02/20/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-following-the-conclusion-of-the-sts-122-assembly-mission-to-the-international-sp.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
5. [ The launch of Space Shuttle "Atlantis"'s STS-122 mission, which will deliver ESA's Columbus module to the International Space Station, is delayed for one day due to a sensor malfunction. ](/news/2007/12/6/the-launch-of-space-shuttle-atlantis-s-sts-122-mission-which-will-deliver-esa-s-columbus-module-to-the-international-space-station-is-d.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
6. [ The Space Shuttle "Atlantis" is launched with a crew of seven on an assembly mission to the International Space Station on mission STS-117. ](/news/2007/06/8/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-is-launched-with-a-crew-of-seven-on-an-assembly-mission-to-the-international-space-station-on-mission-sts-117.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
7. [ Space Shuttle "Atlantis" rolls out to launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in preparation for the STS-117 mission to the International Space Station. The rollout is the second for the mission, as "Atlantis"'s External Tank was damaged during a hailstorm on February 26, leading to the shuttle being rolled back to the Vehicle Assembly Building for repairs. ](/news/2007/05/15/space-shuttle-atlantis-rolls-out-to-launchpad-39a-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-preparation-for-the-sts-117-mission-to-the-in.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle Atlantis_
8. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
9. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
10. [NASA's Commercial Resupply Services: Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-commercial-resupply-services-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-c.md) _Context: International Space Station, NASA_
