### [2004-05-19](/news/2004/05/19/index.md)

#  At least ten Palestinians are killed in Rafah, Gaza Strip, by an explosion following warning shots fired by the IDF. The road used by the Palestinians was strewn with explosives. 

Israeli forces said their tanks and helicopters fired near, not into, the crowd of women and children, but television footage showed an explosion in the middle of the crowd.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3728681.stm)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/05/19/mideast/index.html)
3. [FOX](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,120331,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
2. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
3. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
4. [ Thousands of Palestinians flee into Egypt, as the border wall with Gaza in Rafah is blown up by militants. ](/news/2008/01/23/thousands-of-palestinians-flee-into-egypt-as-the-border-wall-with-gaza-in-rafah-is-blown-up-by-militants.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians, Rafah_
5. [ Four Palestinians are killed by Israel Defense Forces in the Gaza Strip. Palestinians claim two of them were civilians. ](/news/2007/08/14/four-palestinians-are-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-in-the-gaza-strip-palestinians-claim-two-of-them-were-civilians.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
6. [ An Israel Defense Forces soldier and six Palestinians were killed in an IDF operation in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun. ](/news/2006/11/1/an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-and-six-palestinians-were-killed-in-an-idf-operation-in-the-northern-gaza-town-of-beit-hanoun.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians, Rafah_
9. [ The Israeli army announces its intention to demolish hundreds of additional houses in the Rafah refugee camp in the Gaza Strip along the border with Egypt after the Supreme Court rejects a petition against the demolitions. In the past, the IDF has found dozens of tunnels hidden underneath homes allegedly used to smuggle guns, ammunition, explosives, fugitives, drugs and other illegal materials into Gaza. The court had previously issued a temporary injunction after 88 homes had been destroyed leaving more than 1000 people homeless (UNRWA figures disputed by the Israeli army). ](/news/2004/05/16/the-israeli-army-announces-its-intention-to-demolish-hundreds-of-additional-houses-in-the-rafah-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-along-the-bo.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces, Rafah_
10. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel Defense Forces_
