### [2003-06-13](/news/2003/06/13/index.md)

#  Abud Sarhan, a shepherd, sues US Army General Franks and Secretary Rumsfeld following the deaths of 17 family members during the invasion of Iraq




### Related:

1. [ U.S. General Tommy Franks, who commanded American-led forces in the recent conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, announces his retirement.](/news/2003/05/22/u-s-general-tommy-franks-who-commanded-american-led-forces-in-the-recent-conflicts-in-afghanistan-and-iraq-announces-his-retirement.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tommy Franks_
2. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: White House and Pentagon officials announce that Gen. Tommy Franks presented detailed war plans to President Bush in early September.](/news/2002/09/20/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-white-house-and-pentagon-officials-announce-that-gen-tommy-franks-presented-detailed-war-plans-to-president-bush.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Tommy Franks_
3. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: lawsuit_
4. [Philippine Justice secretary Vitaliano Aguirre is caught allegedly conspiring a lawsuit against opposition Senator Risa Hontiveros. ](/news/2017/09/11/philippine-justice-secretary-vitaliano-aguirre-is-caught-allegedly-conspiring-a-lawsuit-against-opposition-senator-risa-hontiveros.md) _Context: lawsuit_
5. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: lawsuit_
6. [The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-by-the-family-of-tamir-ri.md) _Context: lawsuit_
7. [NBC Nightly News anchorman Brian Williams begins a temporary hiatus from broadcasting after he was caught lying about having been on board an underfire helicopter which crashed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/7/nbc-nightly-news-anchorman-brian-williams-begins-a-temporary-hiatus-from-broadcasting-after-he-was-caught-lying-about-having-been-on-board-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
8. ["NBC Nightly News" suspends American newsreader Brian Williams from broadcasting for six months for exaggerating a story about his personal experiences on a helicopter during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/10/nbc-nightly-news-suspends-american-newsreader-brian-williams-from-broadcasting-for-six-months-for-exaggerating-a-story-about-his-personal.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
9. [Google agrees to pay $7 millions to settle a privacy lawsuit over the handling of wireless data. ](/news/2013/03/12/google-agrees-to-pay-7-millions-to-settle-a-privacy-lawsuit-over-the-handling-of-wireless-data.md) _Context: lawsuit_
10. [The UK Ministry of Defence confirms it has spent $22.7 million settling claims from 205 Iraqis alleging abuse by British troops following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2012/12/21/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-confirms-it-has-spent-22-7-million-settling-claims-from-205-iraqis-alleging-abuse-by-british-troops-following-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
