### [2003-06-13](/news/2003/06/13/index.md)

#  US Baseball: Pitching against the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Yankee Roger Clemens notches his 4,000th strikeout and his 300th win.




### Related:

1. [A man, who fell from the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner Field during Saturday night's Braves-New York Yankees baseball game, dies. ](/news/2015/08/29/a-man-who-fell-from-the-upper-deck-of-atlanta-s-turner-field-during-saturday-night-s-braves-new-york-yankees-baseball-game-dies.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
2. [The perjury trial of retired star baseball pitcher Roger Clemens commences in the U.S. over allegedly false statements made to a United States Congress Committee over use of performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2011/07/6/the-perjury-trial-of-retired-star-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-commences-in-the-u-s-over-allegedly-false-statements-made-to-a-united-stat.md) _Context: Roger Clemens, baseball game_
3. [ The Federal Bureau of Investigation will review a denial by baseball star Roger Clemens that he ever used steroids or human growth hormone. ](/news/2008/02/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-will-review-a-denial-by-baseball-star-roger-clemens-that-he-ever-used-steroids-or-human-growth-hormone.md) _Context: Roger Clemens, baseball game_
4. [ Baseball: The St. Louis Cardinals win the 2006 World Series, beating the Detroit Tigers 4 games to 1. This is the Cardinals' first title since 1982. David Eckstein is named the World Series MVP, winning his second ring. ](/news/2006/10/27/baseball-the-st-louis-cardinals-win-the-2006-world-series-beating-the-detroit-tigers-4-games-to-1-this-is-the-cardinals-first-title-si.md) _Context: St. Louis Cardinals, baseball game_
5. [ The Boston Red Sox win their first World Series title since 1918&mdash;and break the "Curse of the Bambino"&mdash;by beating the St. Louis Cardinals 3&ndash;0 in the fourth game of the 2004 World Series of baseball.](/news/2004/10/27/the-boston-red-sox-win-their-first-world-series-title-since-1918-mdash-and-break-the-curse-of-the-bambino-mdash-by-beating-the-st-louis.md) _Context: St. Louis Cardinals, baseball game_
6. [ Ichiro Suzuki, a Japanese baseball star now playing for Major League Baseball's New York Yankees, breaks George Sisler's 84-year-old record for hits in a season, prompting praise from Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi and celebrations in both Seattle and Tokyo. ](/news/2004/10/1/ichiro-suzuki-a-japanese-baseball-star-now-playing-for-major-league-baseball-s-new-york-yankees-breaks-george-sisler-s-84-year-old-record.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
7. [ Houston Astros baseball pitcher Roger Clemens records his 4,137th career strikeout to place him second on the all-time list behind Nolan Ryan. ](/news/2004/05/5/houston-astros-baseball-pitcher-roger-clemens-records-his-4-137th-career-strikeout-to-place-him-second-on-the-all-time-list-behind-nolan-ry.md) _Context: Roger Clemens, baseball game_
8. [ World Series: Baseball: The Florida Marlins defeat the New York Yankees, four games to two, to win the 2003 World Series.](/news/2003/10/25/world-series-baseball-the-florida-marlins-defeat-the-new-york-yankees-four-games-to-two-to-win-the-2003-world-series.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
9. [ US baseball: Six Houston Astros pitchers combine to pitch a no-hitter against the New York Yankees. The game sets several records, including the most pitchers to combine for a no-hitter in Major League Baseball history, and a record for the Yankees for the most sequential games without being no-hit.](/news/2003/06/11/us-baseball-six-houston-astros-pitchers-combine-to-pitch-a-no-hitter-against-the-new-york-yankees-the-game-sets-several-records-includin.md) _Context: New York Yankees, baseball game_
10. [ A bench clearing brawl happens in a baseball game between the Arizona Diamondbacks and the St. Louis Cardinals. Tino Martinez was hit by a 1-0 pitch from Miguel Batista, and took first base. He was then forced out at second base during the next batter's at-bat. When heading back to the dugout, Martinez charged Batista from behind. Batista turned and threw the ball at him, and players from both teams joined the altercation. The Diamondbacks ultimately won the game, 1-0, and the MLB suspends Martinez for four games, and Batista for ten.](/news/2003/04/20/a-bench-clearing-brawl-happens-in-a-baseball-game-between-the-arizona-diamondbacks-and-the-st-louis-cardinals-tino-martinez-was-hit-by-a.md) _Context: St. Louis Cardinals, baseball game_
