### [2006-06-24](/news/2006/06/24/index.md)

#  Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia-s chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for -contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts.- Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060624/ap_on_re_la_am_ca/bolivia_enron)

### Related:

1. [ Bolivian police kill three people - Hungarian Eduardo Rzsa-Flores, Irishman Michael Martin Dwyer, and Romanian Magyarosi Arpak - and arrest two others over an alleged plot to assassinate President Evo Morales and Vice President lvaro Garca Linera. ](/news/2009/04/16/bolivian-police-kill-three-people-hungarian-eduardo-rozsa-flores-irishman-michael-martin-dwyer-and-romanian-magyarosi-arpak-and-arres.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia, Vice-President_
2. [ Bolivia holds a Vote of confidence referendum over whether the president, vice president and most prefects should face re-election. Unofficial results indicate that President Evo Morales has won a decisive mandate.](/news/2008/08/10/bolivia-holds-a-vote-of-confidence-referendum-over-whether-the-president-vice-president-and-most-prefects-should-face-re-election-unoffic.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia, Vice-President_
3. [ Newly elected President Evo Morales orders the nationalization of Bolivia's gas industry. This process is a result of his plan to nationalize major industries, he said in his election campaign. Further nationalizations are planned in forestry and mining. ](/news/2006/05/2/newly-elected-president-evo-morales-orders-the-nationalization-of-bolivia-s-gas-industry-this-process-is-a-result-of-his-plan-to-nationali.md) _Context: Bolivia, Bolivian Gas War, President of Bolivia_
4. [Bolivian constitutional referendum, 2016: According to exit polls, Bolivian voters reject a constitutional amendment that would have permitted President Evo Morales to stand for a fourth term in office. His current term expires in 2020. ](/news/2016/02/21/bolivian-constitutional-referendum-2016-according-to-exit-polls-bolivian-voters-reject-a-constitutional-amendment-that-would-have-permitt.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia_
5. [Bolivia's Plurinational Legislative Assembly passes legislation that would amend the constitution removing term limits for the President if passed in a referendum next year. ](/news/2015/09/26/bolivia-s-plurinational-legislative-assembly-passes-legislation-that-would-amend-the-constitution-removing-term-limits-for-the-president-if.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia_
6. [Bolivian general election, 2014: Voters in Bolivia go to the polls for a general election with incumbent President Evo Morales winning in a landslide with 60 per cent of the vote. ](/news/2014/10/12/bolivian-general-election-2014-voters-in-bolivia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-incumbent-president-evo-morales-winning-in-a.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia_
7. [Bolivia's President Evo Morales vows to take a border dispute with Chile to the International Court of Justice in The Hague. ](/news/2013/03/24/bolivia-s-president-evo-morales-vows-to-take-a-border-dispute-with-chile-to-the-international-court-of-justice-in-the-hague.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia_
8. [Voters in Bolivia go to the polls for a judicial election - the first ever held in Latin America - with opposition politicians urging voters to spoil their ballots in protest against the government of incumbent President Evo Morales. ](/news/2011/10/16/voters-in-bolivia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-judicial-election-the-first-ever-held-in-latin-america-with-opposition-politicians-urging-voters.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia_
9. [Bolivian President Evo Morales abandons an event in the south of the country after crowds booed him and threw dynamite in a protest over rising food prices. ](/news/2011/02/11/bolivian-president-evo-morales-abandons-an-event-in-the-south-of-the-country-after-crowds-booed-him-and-threw-dynamite-in-a-protest-over-ris.md) _Context: Bolivia, President of Bolivia_
10. [Bus drivers announce a strike action in response to the 83 per cent increase in the price of gasoline and the 73 per cent increase in the price of diesel fuel announced by Bolivian Vice-President lvaro Garca Linera on Sunday. ](/news/2010/12/27/bus-drivers-announce-a-strike-action-in-response-to-the-83-per-cent-increase-in-the-price-of-gasoline-and-the-73-per-cent-increase-in-the-pr.md) _Context: Bolivia, Vice-President_
