### [2006-06-24](/news/2006/06/24/index.md)

#  In Germany, 378 people (including 122 England fans) are arrested after a violent confrontation between England supporters and Germany supporters in Stuttgart. Approximately 60,000 England supporters are present in Stuttgart for Sunday's World Cup second round game with Ecuador. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/5114024.stm)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers in Germany are: Italy, England, the Netherlands, Portugal, Poland, Croatia, Paraguay, Ecuador, Angola, Togo, Ghana, Tunisia, Ivory Coast and Costa Rica.](/news/2005/10/8/2006-fifa-world-cup-qualifiers-in-germany-are-italy-england-the-netherlands-portugal-poland-croatia-paraguay-ecuador-angola-togo.md) _Context: Ecuador, England, Germany, defending champion_
2. [Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. ](/news/2016/04/30/police-in-stuttgart-germany-arrest-at-least-400-left-wing-demonstrators-after-they-attempted-to-stop-a-conference-by-the-alternative-for-g.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
3. [The trial of two Rwandan rebel leaders charged in connection with their part in crimes against humanity and war crimes carried out by their militias in the Democratic Republic of Congo in 2008 and 2009, begins in the Stuttgart high court, Germany. ](/news/2011/05/4/the-trial-of-two-rwandan-rebel-leaders-charged-in-connection-with-their-part-in-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-carried-out-by-their.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
4. [ A man wielding a sword attacks a Tamil church congregation in Stuttgart, Germany, kills a woman and seriously injures three other people. ](/news/2005/04/3/a-man-wielding-a-sword-attacks-a-tamil-church-congregation-in-stuttgart-germany-kills-a-woman-and-seriously-injures-three-other-people.md) _Context: Germany, Stuttgart_
5. [ The German national football team lose a World Cup qualifier for only the second time at home in their history (including as West Germany) by a heavy 1-5 margin to an England team managed by Sven-Gran Eriksson in the Olympic Stadium in Munchen (Munich), ending a significant run of England losses to Germany.](/news/2001/09/1/the-german-national-football-team-lose-a-world-cup-qualifier-for-only-the-second-time-at-home-in-their-history-including-as-west-germany.md) _Context: England, Germany_
6. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany_
