### [2006-06-24](/news/2006/06/24/index.md)

#  President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of Philippines signs a law that repeals the death penalty. 




### Related:

1. [Celebrity British lawyer Amal Clooney files a case in the United Nations on behalf of former Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. ](/news/2015/03/9/celebrity-british-lawyer-amal-clooney-files-a-case-in-the-united-nations-on-behalf-of-former-philippines-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
2. [Former Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos visits the detained ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo and criticizes the current President Benigno Aquino III as "cruel, unjust". ](/news/2014/01/23/former-philippine-first-lady-imelda-marcos-visits-the-detained-ex-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-criticizes-the-current-president-ben.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
3. [Andal Ampatuan Jr., former ally of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, and 196 other people are charged with murder in the Philippines, in connection with the Maguindanao massacre in November 2009. ](/news/2010/02/9/andal-ampatuan-jr-former-ally-of-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-and-196-other-people-are-charged-with-murder-in-the-philippines-in-co.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
4. [ Maguindanao massacre: Philippine police name a political ally of President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo as prime suspect in the Maguindanao massacre. ](/news/2009/11/25/maguindanao-massacre-philippine-police-name-a-political-ally-of-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-as-prime-suspect-in-the-maguindanao-mass.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
5. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declares a state of emergency in the entire Maguindanao province in southern Philippines following the bloodiest election-related massacre in Philippine history which left at least 40 people dead, including a local politician and about a dozen journalists. ](/news/2009/11/24/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-the-entire-maguindanao-province-in-southern-philippines-follo.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
6. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo pardons the 10 remaining convicted murderers involved in the assassination of politician Benigno Aquino, Jr. ](/news/2009/03/5/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-pardons-the-10-remaining-convicted-murderers-involved-in-the-assassination-of-politician-benig.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
7. [ In the Philippines, 49 people are charged with rebellion over an alleged plot to overthrow President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in February 2006. ](/news/2006/04/25/in-the-philippines-49-people-are-charged-with-rebellion-over-an-alleged-plot-to-overthrow-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-in-february-20.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
8. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declares a state of emergency in attempt to subdue a possible military coup. ](/news/2006/02/24/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-attempt-to-subdue-a-possible-military-coup.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
9. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo survives the 2005 political crisis as the plenary session of the House of Representatives of the Philippines dropped the impeachment complaint filed against her. ](/news/2005/09/6/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-survives-the-2005-political-crisis-as-the-plenary-session-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-t.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
10. [ In the Philippines, whistleblower Samuel Ong accuses, with audio evidence, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo of rigging the 2004 elections, thus starting an electoral crisis. ](/news/2005/06/10/in-the-philippines-whistleblower-samuel-ong-accuses-with-audio-evidence-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-of-rigging-the-2004-elections.md) _Context: Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, Philippines_
