### [2010-11-13](/news/2010/11/13/index.md)

# Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter says that Hamas has agreed to deliver a letter from abducted Israel Defense Forces soldier Gilad Shalit to his family; Carter has mediated between the two sides in the past. 

In interview with Al-Jazeera, former U.S. President says he received consent of Hamas political chief Meshal to deliver first letter from the abducted IDF soldier since 2008.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/carter-hamas-agrees-to-deliver-new-gilad-shalit-letter-1.324425)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Hamas leader Khaled Mashal says Hamas plans to kidnap more IDF soldiers and increase the price for captive soldier Gilad Shalit if Israel does not meet its demands for a prisoner swap. ](/news/2010/06/28/hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-says-hamas-plans-to-kidnap-more-idf-soldiers-and-increase-the-price-for-captive-soldier-gilad-shalit-if-israel-do.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [ Israel's Prime Minister has allowed the IDF to expand its offensive in the Gaza Strip against the Hamas-controlled Palestinian government, in order to free the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2006/07/5/israel-s-prime-minister-has-allowed-the-idf-to-expand-its-offensive-in-the-gaza-strip-against-the-hamas-controlled-palestinian-government.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [The Israel Defense Forces arrest senior Hamas leader Sheikh Hassan Yousef for alleged incitement to commit violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-israel-defense-forces-arrest-senior-hamas-leader-sheikh-hassan-yousef-for-alleged-incitement-to-commit-violence.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadliest-day-since-israel-launched-a.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Hamas military chief Ahmed Jabari is killed in a targeted air strike carried out by the Israel Defense Forces and the Shin Bet.](/news/2012/11/14/hamas-military-chief-ahmed-jabari-is-killed-in-a-targeted-air-strike-carried-out-by-the-israel-defense-forces-and-the-shin-bet.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Israel and the Palestinian militant organization Hamas begin a major prisoner swap, in which the captured Israeli Army soldier Gilad Shalit is released by Hamas in exchange for 1,027 Palestinian and Israeli-Arab prisoners held in Israel. Among the prisoners released are 280 prisoners serving life sentences for planning and perpetrating terror attacks. ](/news/2011/10/18/israel-and-the-palestinian-militant-organization-hamas-begin-a-major-prisoner-swap-in-which-the-captured-israeli-army-soldier-gilad-shalit.md) _Context: Gilad Shalit, Hamas_
