### [2010-11-13](/news/2010/11/13/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council receives a report on violations of the Darfur weapons embargo; China says it is vaguely worded and full of flaws. 

The UN Security Council receives a controversial report on violations of the Darfur weapons embargo, critical of China and Sudan.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-11748989)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Security Council:: The Council votes to extend the mandate for the mission to Darfur as South Sudan prepares for a referendum on self-determination; China abstains. ](/news/2010/10/15/united-nations-security-council-the-council-votes-to-extend-the-mandate-for-the-mission-to-darfur-as-south-sudan-prepares-for-a-referendum.md) _Context: Darfur, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ The United Nations Security Council authorises up to 26,000 troops and soldiers being sent to the Darfur region of Sudan (United Nations African Union Mission in Darfur or UNAMID). ](/news/2007/07/31/the-united-nations-security-council-authorises-up-to-26-000-troops-and-soldiers-being-sent-to-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-united-nations-af.md) _Context: Darfur, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ Darfur conflict: The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to initiate the process which would lead to a UN peacekeeping force relieving the beleaguered African Union peacekeepers in the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan. The Government of Sudan opposes the move. ](/news/2006/05/16/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-unanimously-to-initiate-the-process-which-would-lead-to-a-un-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Darfur, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ The United Nations Security Council votes to refer those suspected of war crimes in Darfur to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2005/04/1/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-to-refer-those-suspected-of-war-crimes-in-darfur-to-the-international-criminal-court.md) _Context: Darfur, United Nations Security Council_
5. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expand.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-s official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Western Sahara conflict: The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/western-sahara-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sa.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
