### [1999-03-26](/news/1999/03/26/index.md)

#  The Melissa worm attacks the Internet.




### Related:

1. [Google and Cuba forge a deal about better access to the Internet for the island. ](/news/2016/12/13/google-and-cuba-forge-a-deal-about-better-access-to-the-internet-for-the-island.md) _Context: Internet_
2. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Commerce transfers oversight of the technical management of the Internet by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to an international consortium of stakeholders. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-commerce-transfers-oversight-of-the-technical-management-of-the-internet-by.md) _Context: Internet_
3. [National "Stay Away" protests, organized over the Internet via the WhatsApp social messaging platform, take place in Zimbabwe, following fears of an economic collapse amid calls for President Robert Mugabe's resignation.](/news/2016/07/6/national-stay-away-protests-organized-over-the-internet-via-the-whatsapp-social-messaging-platform-take-place-in-zimbabwe-following-fea.md) _Context: Internet_
4. [Goldman Sachs, the American multinational investment banking firm, launches an FDIC-insured, Internet-based savings bank.  The Wall Street institution, whose investment banking account minimums are in the millions, sets a minimum deposit of $1 dollar for GSBank.com. ](/news/2016/04/25/goldman-sachs-the-american-multinational-investment-banking-firm-launches-an-fdic-insured-internet-based-savings-bank-the-wall-street-i.md) _Context: Internet_
5. [American sportscaster Erin Andrews  is awarded  $55 million  damages after a stranger, in 2008, secretly recorded her in the nude  through a hotel door peephole,  and posted the video on the Internet. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-sportscaster-erin-andrews-is-awarded-55-million-damages-after-a-stranger-in-2008-secretly-recorded-her-in-the-nude-through-a.md) _Context: Internet_
6. [The French data protection authority  and the independent watchdog CNIL cite Facebook for breaching privacy laws by the collection and transfer of 30 million users' Internet data, and by tracking non-users. Companies are no longer protected by the International Safe Harbor pact that was ruled illegal last October. ](/news/2016/02/8/the-french-data-protection-authority-and-the-independent-watchdog-cnil-cite-facebook-for-breaching-privacy-laws-by-the-collection-and-trans.md) _Context: Internet_
7. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects  privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore  "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inte.md) _Context: Internet_
8. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: Internet_
9. [The United States announces plans to relinquish remaining controls of the Internet following revelations of National Security Agency surveillance last year. ](/news/2014/03/14/the-united-states-announces-plans-to-relinquish-remaining-controls-of-the-internet-following-revelations-of-national-security-agency-surveil.md) _Context: Internet_
10. [A row between a spam-fighting group and the hosting firm CyberBunker sparks retaliatory attacks, flooding core infrastructure of the Internet, in what security experts are describing as the biggest cyberattack in history. ](/news/2013/03/27/a-row-between-a-spam-fighting-group-and-the-hosting-firm-cyberbunker-sparks-retaliatory-attacks-flooding-core-infrastructure-of-the-interne.md) _Context: Internet_
