### [2005-12-7](/news/2005/12/7/index.md)

#  Nobel Prize in Literature winner Harold Pinter accuses Britain and the United States of engaging in state terrorism in Iraq and demands the prosecution of George W. Bush and Tony Blair. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/4505874.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/nobelliterature;_ylt=An_Dr0f0P7BnaxiWkfUf5Kus0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3ODdxdHBhBHNlYwM5NjQ-)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S._
2. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S._
3. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S._
4. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair, U.S._
5. [ President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/10/president-george-w-bush-approves-8-200-more-united-states-troops-for-iraq-and-afghanistan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S._
6. [ Former Malaysian premier Mahathir Mohamad hosts a conference calling for George W. Bush and Tony Blair to be tried by an unofficial tribunal for war crimes in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/5/former-malaysian-premier-mahathir-mohamad-hosts-a-conference-calling-for-george-w-bush-and-tony-blair-to-be-tried-by-an-unofficial-tribuna.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
7. [ Saddam Hussein aims to sue Tony Blair and George W. Bush for crimes against Iraq. ](/news/2006/02/4/saddam-hussein-aims-to-sue-tony-blair-and-george-w-bush-for-crimes-against-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
8. [ A leaked memo in the UK, detailing a conversation between U.S. President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair in 2003, has revealed that Blair intended to follow the US into Iraq even without a UN resolution, and that Bush considered provoking a response from Iraq using falsely marked Lockheed U-2 spy planes to provide an excuse for war. ](/news/2006/02/2/a-leaked-memo-in-the-uk-detailing-a-conversation-between-u-s-president-george-w-bush-and-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-in-2003-has.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
9. [ In an open letter to Tony Blair, 52 former high ranking British diplomats, including former ambassadors to Iraq and Israel, condemn the Prime Minister's foreign policy stance in the Middle East as "doomed to failure" and also condemn George W. Bush's recent endorsement of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip while leaving some in the West Bank as "one-sided and illegal and which will cost yet more Israeli and Palestinian blood."](/news/2004/04/26/in-an-open-letter-to-tony-blair-52-former-high-ranking-british-diplomats-including-former-ambassadors-to-iraq-and-israel-condemn-the-pri.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
10. [ The intelligence service of the United States says that the CIA's head, George Tenet, accepted President George W. Bush's speech in January, which included wrong information of Iraq's plans to buy uranium from Africa. The office of Prime Minister Tony Blair responded that it stands by its belief that Saddam Hussein attempted to buy African uranium, claiming that it cannot share its information with the United States because it comes from "foreign intelligence sources."](/news/2003/07/12/the-intelligence-service-of-the-united-states-says-that-the-cia-s-head-george-tenet-accepted-president-george-w-bush-s-speech-in-january.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Tony Blair_
