### [2005-04-11](/news/2005/04/11/index.md)

#  2005 anti-Japanese demonstrations: 20,000 protesters marching in two cities in southern Guangdong province objecting to a recently amended Japanese schoolbook which allegedly glosses over Japan's imperialist past. ([http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/asiapcf/04/10/china.japan.protest/index.html CNN])




### Related:

1. [Japan-United States relations: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Empire of Japan, Japan_
2. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the "Nisshin Maru," following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Japan, protest_
3. [ Spring 2005 anti-Japanese demonstrations in China: Chinese rioters storm the Japanese embassy in Beijing. The riot grew from a protest against Japan's newly approved history textbooks, which according to critics, whitewashed Japanese wartime atrocities. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/04/9/spring-2005-anti-japanese-demonstrations-in-china-chinese-rioters-storm-the-japanese-embassy-in-beijing-the-riot-grew-from-a-protest-agai.md) _Context: Japan, Japanese history textbooks controversy_
4. [ In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. ](/news/2005/04/22/in-an-attempt-to-ease-recent-tensions-between-the-two-asian-economic-powerhouses-in-the-japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-japanese-pr.md) _Context: Japan, Japanese history textbooks controversy_
5. [2017 Pacific typhoon season: At least 12 people die in the southern Chinese city of Macau as a result of flooding caused by Typhoon Hato. Four more people die in neighbouring Guangdong province. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-pacific-typhoon-season-at-least-12-people-die-in-the-southern-chinese-city-of-macau-as-a-result-of-flooding-caused-by-typhoon-hato-fo.md) _Context: Guangdong_
6. [Japanese war crimes: The National Archives of Korea has received a donation of around 6,000 records showing the forced mobilization of Koreans during Korea's colonial occupation by the Empire of Japan, some of them involving details about the controversial Hashima Island. The government agency plans to publish the records online after classification. ](/news/2017/08/14/japanese-war-crimes-the-national-archives-of-korea-has-received-a-donation-of-around-6-000-records-showing-the-forced-mobilization-of-korea.md) _Context: Empire of Japan_
7. [Tropical Storm Nanmadol (2017): The death toll from flooding on the southern Japanese island of Kyushu rises to 15, with six others missing. ](/news/2017/07/8/tropical-storm-nanmadol-2017-the-death-toll-from-flooding-on-the-southern-japanese-island-of-kyushu-rises-to-15-with-six-others-missing.md) _Context: Japan_
8. [2017 Pacific typhoon season: Severe flooding on the Japanese island of Kyushu has caused seven deaths with twenty people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-pacific-typhoon-season-severe-flooding-on-the-japanese-island-of-kyushu-has-caused-seven-deaths-with-twenty-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Japan_
9. [Disappearance of Amelia Earhart: The aviator Amelia Earhart and her navigator Fred Noonan may have survived in the Marshall Islands and were held captive by the Japanese according to an allegedly undoctored photo in the National Archives. Experts remain divided on the claim, however. ](/news/2017/07/5/disappearance-of-amelia-earhart-the-aviator-amelia-earhart-and-her-navigator-fred-noonan-may-have-survived-in-the-marshall-islands-and-were.md) _Context: Empire of Japan_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan_
