### [2005-04-11](/news/2005/04/11/index.md)

#  Yad Vashem bestow the honour of "Righteous Among the Nations" posthumously upon a Nazi Major, Karl Plagge. Plagge saved around 1,200 Jews, mostly women and children, from execution during the Holocaust by putting them in forced labor positions at a vehicle workshop. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4432075.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Holocaust and Remembrance Center posthumously adds U.S. Army Master Sergeant Roddie Edmonds to the list of the Righteous Among the Nations for his actions in 1945 at a Nazi prisoner of war camp. ](/news/2015/12/3/israelas-holocaust-and-remembrance-center-posthumously-adds-u-s-army-master-sergeant-roddie-edmonds-to-the-list-of-the-righteous-among-th.md) _Context: Holocaust and Remembrance Center, Righteous Among the Nations_
2. [ The dedication of the new Yad Vashem Holocaust museum in Jerusalem, Israel: leaders from 40 states and the UN General Secretary Kofi Annan attend inauguration of Holocaust museum. President of Israel Moshe Katzav said that the new museum serves as "an important signpost to all of humankind, a signpost that warns how short the distance is between hatred and murder, between racism and genocide." ](/news/2005/03/15/the-dedication-of-the-new-yad-vashem-holocaust-museum-in-jerusalem-israel-leaders-from-40-states-and-the-un-general-secretary-kofi-annan.md) _Context: Holocaust, Holocaust and Remembrance Center_
3. [ Germany announces plans to commemorate gay victims of the Nazi Holocaust, with a monument to be erected in central Berlin. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3314887.stm]](/news/2003/12/12/germany-announces-plans-to-commemorate-gay-victims-of-the-nazi-holocaust-with-a-monument-to-be-erected-in-central-berlin-http-news-bbc.md) _Context: Holocaust, Nazism_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
5. [Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-as-mere-accidents-romson.md) _Context: Holocaust_
6. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler's "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, "To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism." This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitleras-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Nazism_
7. [The family of Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg, who saved tens of thousands of Jews from the Holocaust only to languish in a Russian prison, have asked authorities to officially declare him dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-family-of-swedish-diplomat-raoul-wallenberg-who-saved-tens-of-thousands-of-jews-from-the-holocaust-only-to-languish-in-a-russian-prison.md) _Context: Holocaust_
8. [South Africa's chief rabbi Warren Goldstein criticises a controversial petition launched by three Jewish Capetonians calling for Archbishop Emeritus and Nobel Peace laureate Desmond Tutu to be axed as patron of two Holocaust centers. ](/news/2011/01/14/south-africa-s-chief-rabbi-warren-goldstein-criticises-a-controversial-petition-launched-by-three-jewish-capetonians-calling-for-archbishop.md) _Context: Holocaust_
9. [Seventeen people including six employees of the Claims Conference in the United States have been charged with theft of $42 million from Holocaust compensation funds provided by the Government of Germany. ](/news/2010/11/9/seventeen-people-including-six-employees-of-the-claims-conference-in-the-united-states-have-been-charged-with-theft-of-42-million-from-holo.md) _Context: Holocaust_
10. [A controlled explosion is carried out on a device discovered beneath the car of a serving soldier, believed to be an army major, in Bangor, County Down in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/08/4/a-controlled-explosion-is-carried-out-on-a-device-discovered-beneath-the-car-of-a-serving-soldier-believed-to-be-an-army-major-in-bangor.md) _Context: major_
