### [2009-01-29](/news/2009/01/29/index.md)

#  French workers strike to force a better response from President Nicolas Sarkozy to the global financial crisis. 

Hundreds of thousands of French workers staged a nationwide strike on Thursday to try to force President Nicolas Sarkozy and business leaders to do more to protect jobs and wages during the economic crisis.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUKTRE50S1MC20090129)

### Related:

1. [ Strikes in France: French train drivers' strike against President Nicolas Sarkozy's pension reform enters its third day. ](/news/2007/11/16/strikes-in-france-french-train-drivers-strike-against-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-pension-reform-enters-its-third-day.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, strike_
2. [ Strikes in France: French transport workers' strike against President Nicolas Sarkozy's pension reform enters its second day, but energy workers and CFDT members return to work. ](/news/2007/11/15/strikes-in-france-french-transport-workers-strike-against-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-pension-reform-enters-its-second-day-but-energy-wo.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, strike_
3. [ Strikes in France: French transport and energy workers' strike against President Nicolas Sarkozy's pension reform broadens, disrupting especially rail services. ](/news/2007/11/14/strikes-in-france-p-french-transport-and-energy-workers-strike-against-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-pension-reform-broadens-disrupting-esp.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, strike_
4. [ French trains resume service after a two-day strike against President Nicolas Sarkozy's proposed welfare reform. ](/news/2007/10/20/french-trains-resume-service-after-a-two-day-strike-against-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-proposed-welfare-reform.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, strike_
5. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is being investigated over claims of illegal donations received from the country's richest woman, Liliane Bettencourt of L'Oreal. ](/news/2013/03/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-being-investigated-over-claims-of-illegal-donations-received-from-the-country-s-richest-woman.md) _Context: French, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
