### [2006-12-7](/news/2006/12/7/index.md)

#  A motion brought by the Conservative government to reopen debate on same-sex marriage in Canada is defeated by the Canadian House of Commons. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2006/12/07/vote-samesex.html)

### Related:

1. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
2. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
3. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
4. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
5. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
6. [ Bill C-38 passes through the Canadian House of Commons, placing Canada on track to become the third country in the world to legalize same-sex marriage, likely by July. ](/news/2005/06/28/bill-c-38-passes-through-the-canadian-house-of-commons-placing-canada-on-track-to-become-the-third-country-in-the-world-to-legalize-same-s.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, same-sex marriage in Canada_
7. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
8. [ Canadian House of Commons opposition members of parliament pass a motion to instruct a house committee to call for the resignation of the government. The 153 votes of the Conservatives and Bloc Qubcois defeat the 150 votes of the Liberals and NDP due to three absences. Although the motion is classified as a procedural instruction to a committee and not a no confidence motion, the Tories and BQ call on the government to resign. ](/news/2005/05/10/canadian-house-of-commons-opposition-members-of-parliament-pass-a-motion-to-instruct-a-house-committee-to-call-for-the-resignation-of-the-g.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Conservative Party's_
9. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Canadian government's Bill C-38 survives a vote on a wrecking amendment which would have defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman, introduced by the Conservative Party of Canada. ](/news/2005/04/12/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-canadian-government-s-bill-c-38-survives-a-vote-on-a-wrecking-amendment-which-would-have-defined-marriage.md) _Context: Conservative Party's, same-sex marriage in Canada_
10. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Conservative Party's_
