### [2006-12-7](/news/2006/12/7/index.md)

#  Grand Ayatollah Fazel Lankarani of Iran issues a fatwa calling for the deaths of Azeris Rafiq Tagi, a writer, and Samir Sadagatoglu, his editor, who were charged in November 2006 with "inciting national, racial and religious enmity" after they criticized Islam. 

An article recently published by an Azerbaijani bimonthly newspaper that disparaged Islam has sparked a religious furor both in Azerbaijan and neighboring Iran. An Iranian cleric exacerbated the contr


### Source:

1. [EurasiaNet](http://www.eurasianet.org/departments/insight/articles/eav120406.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ 400 Iranian volunteers sign up to sacrifice their lives in "occupied Islamic countries", particularly Israel, after being inspired by a fatwa from a top hardline cleric giving religious backing to suicide missions. ](/news/2005/04/21/400-iranian-volunteers-sign-up-to-sacrifice-their-lives-in-occupied-islamic-countries-particularly-israel-after-being-inspired-by-a-fat.md) _Context: Iran, Islam, fatwa_
2. [The film ''Facing Mirrors'' hits cinemas in Tehran. Though transsexualism has been legal in Iran since a fatwa was issued in 1987 by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and Iran permits more sex-change operations than any country except Thailand, this is the first time the subject has been treated on the big screen. ](/news/2012/11/2/the-film-facing-mirrors-hits-cinemas-in-tehran-though-transsexualism-has-been-legal-in-iran-since-a-fatwa-was-issued-in-1987-by-ayatol.md) _Context: Iran, fatwa_
3. [Speaking in Tehran, Iranian Islamic cleric Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi blames promiscuous women for causing earthquakes. ](/news/2010/04/20/speaking-in-tehran-iranian-islamic-cleric-hojatoleslam-kazem-sedighi-blames-promiscuous-women-for-causing-earthquakes.md) _Context: Iran, Islam_
4. [ Iran bans all pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in an attempt to contain the spread of swine flu. ](/news/2009/08/6/iran-bans-all-pilgrimages-to-saudi-arabia-during-the-islamic-holy-month-of-ramadan-in-an-attempt-to-contain-the-spread-of-swine-flu.md) _Context: Iran, Islam_
5. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Iran, Islam_
6. [ Muslim religious scholars in Pakistan announce a fatwa that decrees that heroin use is un-Islamic. The ''fatwa'' is pronounced in a seminar in Baluchistan. ](/news/2005/03/13/muslim-religious-scholars-in-pakistan-announce-a-fatwa-that-decrees-that-heroin-use-is-un-islamic-the-fatwa-is-pronounced-in-a-seminar.md) _Context: Islam, fatwa_
7. [ The Islamic Commission of Spain, that country's largest Muslim group, issues a fatwa against al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Ladin, ruling that his actions have made him an apostate, that he should not be regarded as a Muslim, and that his claim that the Qur'an justifies his terrorist actions constitutes istihlal, the sin of making up one's own law. It is claimed to be the first fatwa to be pronounced against Bin Ladin, and to have the tacit support of Muslim leaders in several Islamic countries. ](/news/2005/03/10/the-islamic-commission-of-spain-that-country-s-largest-muslim-group-issues-a-fatwa-against-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-ladin-ruling-that-h.md) _Context: Islam, fatwa_
8. [Shirin Ebadi of Iran receives the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway. In her acceptance speech she delivers heavy criticism against the War on Terrorism as an excuse for human rights violations. She also repeats her argument that discrimination against women in Muslim countries has no foundation in religion, but rather in culture. ](/news/2003/12/10/shirin-ebadi-of-iran-receives-the-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo-norway-in-her-acceptance-speech-she-delivers-heavy-criticism-against-the-war-o.md) _Context: Iran, Islam_
9. [The United States Navy says the USS ''Thunderbolt'' fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
