### [2005-05-1](/news/2005/05/1/index.md)

#  More than thirty Iraqis are killed and more than fifty are wounded as a bomb goes off at a funeral. 

30 people were killed when a bomb exploded at a funeral in northern Iraq, while at least 10 more died in other violent incidents.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/05/01/iraq-bomb050501.html)

### Related:

1. [Metrojet Flight 9268: A sudden noise immediately before the "black box" flight data recorder went dark indicates the plane was brought down by a bomb, according to unnamed sources. Officially, Ayman el-Muqadem says the Egyptian investigative team is "considering all possible scenarios for the cause of the accident" and has not yet reached any conclusions. ](/news/2015/11/7/metrojet-flight-9268-a-sudden-noise-immediately-before-the-black-box-flight-data-recorder-went-dark-indicates-the-plane-was-brought-down.md) _Context: bomb_
2. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _Context: bomb_
3. [2015 Bangkok bombing: Thai police report a man with a fake passport has been arrested in a Bangkok suburb in connection with the Erawan Shrine bombing. The man was allegedly in possession of bomb making material and dozens of passports. ](/news/2015/08/29/2015-bangkok-bombing-thai-police-report-a-man-with-a-fake-passport-has-been-arrested-in-a-bangkok-suburb-in-connection-with-the-erawan-shri.md) _Context: bomb_
4. [Surrounding areas of Wembley Stadium, London, UK have been evacuated following the discovery by construction crews of a still-live World War II-era 50-kg (110-llb) conventional-explosive bomb, a remnant of the Blitz. ](/news/2015/05/22/surrounding-areas-of-wembley-stadium-london-uk-have-been-evacuated-following-the-discovery-by-construction-crews-of-a-still-live-world-war.md) _Context: bomb_
5. [At least 25 people are killed and several injured in a series of bomb blasts targeted at Shi'ite rally in Baghdad, Iraq. The attack comes less than a week before Iraqis are due to head to the polls in parliamentary elections.](/news/2014/04/25/at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-several-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-blasts-targeted-at-shi-ite-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-the-attack-comes-le.md) _Context: Iraqis_
6. [South Thailand insurgency:: Two soldiers are killed and six security officers are wounded as insurgents mount dozens of coordinated bombing, shooting and arson attacks in the Pattani region of Thailand. ](/news/2013/04/11/south-thailand-insurgency-two-soldiers-are-killed-and-six-security-officers-are-wounded-as-insurgents-mount-dozens-of-coordinated-bombing.md) _Context: bomb_
7. [February 2013 Quetta bombing:: At least 84 people are killed and more than 190 injured after a bomb explodes at a market in Hazara Town on the outskirts of Quetta, in Pakistan. Most of the victims are members of the predominantly Twelver Shia Hazara minority that was targeted by Lashkar-e-Jhangvi only a month earlier. The organization later claims responsibility for the blasts. ](/news/2013/02/16/february-2013-quetta-bombing-at-least-84-people-are-killed-and-more-than-190-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-market-in-hazara-town-on-t.md) _Context: bomb_
8. [A roadside bomb explodes under a passenger van in Deh Rahwod District of Uruzgan Province, Afghanistan, killing 10 people, and wounding at least eight. ](/news/2012/11/29/a-roadside-bomb-explodes-under-a-passenger-van-in-deh-rahwod-district-of-uruzgan-province-afghanistan-killing-10-people-and-wounding-at-l.md) _Context: bomb_
9. [Norway's public broadcaster NRK publishes for the first time video footage of Anders Behring Breivik parking his van bomb that killed eight people in Oslo on 22 July 2011. ](/news/2012/11/26/norway-s-public-broadcaster-nrk-publishes-for-the-first-time-video-footage-of-anders-behring-breivik-parking-his-van-bomb-that-killed-eight.md) _Context: bomb_
10. [A suspected bomb explodes in a shopping complex in Nairobi, Kenya, injuring 33 people. ](/news/2012/05/28/a-suspected-bomb-explodes-in-a-shopping-complex-in-nairobi-kenya-injuring-33-people.md) _Context: bomb_
