### [2005-05-1](/news/2005/05/1/index.md)

#  The United States informs Japan that North Korea may have launched another test missile towards the Sea of Japan. The report is now said to be confirmed. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=718761)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/work/feeds/afx/2005/05/01/afx1988520.html)

### Related:

1. [Japan's Defence Ministry claims that North Korea has fired two ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2014/07/13/japan-s-defence-ministry-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, ballistic missile, the sea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, the sea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, United States, the sea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, the sea_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, the sea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, ballistic missile_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, ballistic missile_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). ](/news/2016/03/18/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-a-u-s-defense-official-report-that-north-korea-fire.md) _Context: North Korea, ballistic missile, the sea_
