### [2006-06-15](/news/2006/06/15/index.md)

#  Two Israeli teenage girls escape kidnapping attempt in the West Bank. Three Palestinian suspects armed with a pistol are arrested soon afterwards.

Three Palestinians from Jenin try to force teens into car at gunpoint at West Bank bus station; girls resist abduction, one teen sustains light injuries in incident. Gunmen apprehended following pursuit carried out by IDF forces 


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3263394,00.html)

### Related:

1. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-israel-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli troops kill a Palestinian shopkeeper and seriously injure another in the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/06/2/israeli-troops-kill-a-palestinian-shopkeeper-and-seriously-injure-another-in-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli forces detain Palestinian Deputy Prime Minister Nasser al-Shaer in a raid on his home in the West Bank town of Ramallah. ](/news/2006/08/19/israeli-forces-detain-palestinian-deputy-prime-minister-nasser-al-shaer-in-a-raid-on-his-home-in-the-west-bank-town-of-ramallah.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2006/06/29/israeli-government-puts-off-an-offensive-to-the-northern-gaza-strip-and-freezes-military-operations-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-to-allow-f.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
7. [ A Palestinian militant group kidnaps and an hour later kills a 19-year-old Israeli tertiary student, Eliyahu Asheri. The same group later threatens it will kill the student if the Israeli offensive continues. ](/news/2006/06/27/a-palestinian-militant-group-kidnaps-and-an-hour-later-kills-a-19-year-old-israeli-tertiary-student-eliyahu-asheri-the-same-group-later-t.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, kidnapped_
8. [ Eight Palestinian militants, including Hamas militants, infiltrate into an army post in Israel using a tunnel. Two Israeli soldiers are killed, one kidnapped and three wounded in the attack, in which at least two Palestinian militants die. Israeli PM vows a fierce military response to the attack once the soldier, Gilad Shalit, is returned. Two infantry brigades and supporting armoured regiments are deployed along the Gaza Strip border, in preparation for a major offensive.](/news/2006/06/25/eight-palestinian-militants-including-hamas-militants-infiltrate-into-an-army-post-in-israel-using-a-tunnel-two-israeli-soldiers-are-kil.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, kidnapped_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
