### [2006-06-15](/news/2006/06/15/index.md)

#  U.S. Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito breaks a tie in a 5-4 decision in "Hudson v. Michigan", allowing evidence admitted in cases where police did not knock and announce themselves when executing a search warrant. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/LAW/06/15/scotus.search/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Supreme Court, in a 6-2 ruling, essentially upholds the state of Colorado's legalization of marijuana, turning down complaints by the neighboring states of Nebraska and Oklahoma that, by federal and their state law, Colorado's statutes allow "illegal marijuana" to pour into their states. Last year, the justices asked the federal government to weigh in; in December, Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. urged the court to turn away the lawsuit. Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito dissented. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-united-states-supreme-court-in-a-6-2-ruling-essentially-upholds-the-state-of-colorado-s-legalization-of-marijuana-turning-down-compla.md) _Context: Samuel Alito, United States Supreme Court_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Judge Samuel Alito of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2005/10/31/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-judge-samuel-alito-of-the-third-circuit-court-of-appeals-to-the-u-s-supreme-court.md) _Context: Samuel Alito, United States Supreme Court_
3. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
4. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
5. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-to.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
