### [2015-08-8](/news/2015/08/8/index.md)

# A Rwandan soldier attached to MINUSCA goes on a shooting spree in Bangui, killing four fellow UN peacekeepers and injuring another eight before turning the gun on himself. 

Soldier kills himself after shooting spree in Bangui’s Rwandan battalion headquarters that left eight other UN troops wounded


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/08/rwandan-peacekeeper-shoots-dead-soldiers-central-african-republic)

### Related:

1. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Bangui's, U.N. headquarters_
2. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Rwanda_
3. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda_
4. [  A Swedish court sentences  Claver Berinkindi, a 61-year-old  Swedish citizen originally from Rwanda, to life in prison for participation  in the Rwandan genocide in 1994. ](/news/2016/05/16/a-swedish-court-sentences-claver-berinkindi-a-61-year-old-swedish-citizen-originally-from-rwanda-to-life-in-prison-for-participation.md) _Context: Rwanda_
5. [Two people are burned alive amid xenophobic riots in Lusaka, Zambia. The riots started after rumours spread that Rwandans were behind recent ritual killings in the city. More than 250 people have been arrested after more than 60 Rwandan-owned shops were looted in two days of violence. ](/news/2016/04/20/two-people-are-burned-alive-amid-xenophobic-riots-in-lusaka-zambia-the-riots-started-after-rumours-spread-that-rwandans-were-behind-recent.md) _Context: Rwanda_
6. [Authorities in Rwanda jail former politician Leon Mugesera for life. Mugesera was known for describing Tutsis as "cockroaches" and called for their extermination in a speech in 1992 and is said to be a precursor to the Rwandan genocide. ](/news/2016/04/15/authorities-in-rwanda-jail-former-politician-la-c-on-mugesera-for-life-mugesera-was-known-for-describing-tutsis-as-cockroaches-and-called-f.md) _Context: Rwanda_
7. [Rwandans vote overwhelmingly to lift constitutional restrictions that will allow President Paul Kagame to run for more terms in office. The National Electoral Commission reports more than 98 percent of voters approved the referendum. Final official results will be released Monday. ](/news/2015/12/19/rwandans-vote-overwhelmingly-to-lift-constitutional-restrictions-that-will-allow-president-paul-kagame-to-run-for-more-terms-in-office-the.md) _Context: Rwanda_
8. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Bangui's_
9. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's_
10. [Clashes between Christians and Muslims in the capital Bangui leave at least 21 people dead and over 100 injured. ](/news/2015/09/27/clashes-between-christians-and-muslims-in-the-capital-bangui-leave-at-least-21-people-dead-and-over-100-injured.md) _Context: Bangui's_
