### [2006-04-14](/news/2006/04/14/index.md)

#  Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes Israel in a three-day conference attended by Palestinian Hamas officials. He calls the Israeli regime "a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm." 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/04/14/AR2006041400818.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel, Palestinian_
2. [The Israeli government outlaws the northern branch of the Islamic Movement in Israel, declaring it "an illegal organization". The northern branch of the Islamic Movement is led by Raed Salah, who has been convicted in court of numerous activities, including funding Hamas, contacting an Iranian agent, assaulting a police officer, and leading a violent protest. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-israeli-government-outlaws-the-northern-branch-of-the-islamic-movement-in-israel-declaring-it-an-illegal-organization-the-northern-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel_
3. [Nigeria intercepts a weapons shipment including artillery rockets, originating in Iran, after Israeli officials accused Iran of trying to smuggle the weapons into the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/10/31/nigeria-intercepts-a-weapons-shipment-including-artillery-rockets-originating-in-iran-after-israeli-officials-accused-iran-of-trying-to-sm.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel_
4. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Hamas executions by firing squad of Palestinians accused of aiding Israel is condemned as murder by France, and the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Navi Pillay, urges Hamas to halt plans for further killings. ](/news/2010/04/19/hamas-executions-by-firing-squad-of-palestinians-accused-of-aiding-israel-is-condemned-as-murder-by-france-and-the-un-high-commissioner-for.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [ Israel agrees with Hamas to swap twenty female Palestinian prisoners for a videotape proving Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit is still alive. ](/news/2009/10/2/israel-agrees-with-hamas-to-swap-twenty-female-palestinian-prisoners-for-a-videotape-proving-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-is-still-alive.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
7. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regime-is-an-insult-to-the-dig.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
8. [The Israel Defense Forces continue airstrikes against Hamas in the Gaza Strip as the number of Palestinian casualties approaches 300. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-israel-defense-forces-continue-airstrikes-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-as-the-number-of-palestinian-casualties-approaches-300.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
10. [ An Israeli psychiatrist and reserve officer is charged with giving classified information to Iran, Russia and Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/23/an-israeli-psychiatrist-and-reserve-officer-is-charged-with-giving-classified-information-to-iran-russia-and-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Iran, Israel_
