### [2003-10-31](/news/2003/10/31/index.md)

#  Kenneth Clarke has ruled himself out of the contest to lead the UK Conservative Party and the field is left potentially clear for Michael Howard to be elected unopposed.




### Related:

1. [ Ex-chancellor Kenneth Clarke has been knocked out of the race to become the next leader of the UK Conservative Party. ](/news/2005/10/18/ex-chancellor-kenneth-clarke-has-been-knocked-out-of-the-race-to-become-the-next-leader-of-the-uk-conservative-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Kenneth Clarke_
2. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
3. [ In the United Kingdom, Michael Howard is confirmed as the new leader of the Conservative Party.](/news/2003/11/6/in-the-united-kingdom-michael-howard-is-confirmed-as-the-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
4. [ In the United Kingdom, Michael Howard, new leader of the Conservative Party, announces his first Shadow Cabinet; membership is trimmed down to 12 from 26.](/news/2003/11/10/in-the-united-kingdom-michael-howard-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-announces-his-first-shadow-cabinet-membership-is-trimmed-down.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
5. [ British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith loses a vote of confidence in his parliamentary party by 90 votes to 75 and, in accordance with party rules, resigns from the leadership. A new leadership election is called. Shadow Deputy Prime Minister David Davis, previously tipped as a future leader, surprises Westminster by announcing that he will not seek the leadership and endorses former Home Secretary Michael Howard, who is now seen as the frontrunner to assume the leadership. Other leading politicians endorse Howard, once famously described by a colleague as having "something of the night about him."](/news/2003/10/29/british-conservative-party-leader-iain-duncan-smith-loses-a-vote-of-confidence-in-his-parliamentary-party-by-90-votes-to-75-and-in-accorda.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Michael Howard_
6. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
7. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
8. [Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-over-their-role-in.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
9. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
10. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
