### [2003-10-31](/news/2003/10/31/index.md)

#  The furor surrounding Yukos deepens with an outspoken statement from the Russian Prime Minister expressing deep concern about the freezing of Yukos shares.




### Related:

1. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
2. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
3. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Supreme Court of Russia releases Platon Lebedev, a business partner of Russian magnate and former head of Yukos Mikhail Khodorkovsky, after he spent more than 10 years in jail. ](/news/2014/01/23/supreme-court-of-russia-releases-platon-lebedev-a-business-partner-of-russian-magnate-and-former-head-of-yukos-mikhail-khodorkovsky-after.md) _Context: Yukos_
6. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia did not abuse legal processes to destroy Yukos, once its largest oil company. ](/news/2011/09/20/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-did-not-abuse-legal-processes-to-destroy-yukos-once-its-largest-oil-company.md) _Context: Yukos_
7. [Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/thousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex-and-demanding-that-the-prime-mi.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [Daniel Skahan, a 29-year-old from Ottawa, is charged 5,000 $ for mischief and possession of incendiary materials, for his role in setting a fire just outside of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's home. ](/news/2010/08/15/daniel-skahan-a-29-year-old-from-ottawa-is-charged-5-000-for-mischief-and-possession-of-incendiary-materials-for-his-role-in-setting-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Turkey's Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, describes Israel as the "main threat to peace" in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/04/7/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-describes-israel-as-the-main-threat-to-peace-in-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [ Former Yukos businessman Mikhail Khodorkovsky again stands trial for alleged financial crimes. ](/news/2009/03/3/former-yukos-businessman-mikhail-khodorkovsky-again-stands-trial-for-alleged-financial-crimes.md) _Context: Yukos_
