### [2005-03-31](/news/2005/03/31/index.md)

#  Canada and European Union plan to impose a 15% tariff on some US exports because Washington has not repealed anti-dumping law the Byrd Amendment. World Trade Organization declared the law illegal last August. The products include paper, cigarettes, oysters and live swine 

Reuters.com is your online source for the latest U.S. news stories from coast to coast and stay current on the events that shape our nation.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000085&sid=ax2A0kCkyE6M&refer=europe)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2005/03/31/ap1918201.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=domesticNews&storyID=8050902)

### Related:

1. [ Canada challenges the seal ban of the European Union at the World Trade Organization. ](/news/2009/07/27/canada-challenges-the-seal-ban-of-the-european-union-at-the-world-trade-organization.md) _Context: Canada, EU, World Trade Organization_
2. [ The European Union imposes additional 5% tariffs on a wide range of goods imported from the United States, such as honey, paper, and nuclear reactors. The tariffs were sanctioned by the World Trade Organization in 2002 as punitive measures after a ruling declaring that United States tax law unfairly favors U.S.-based companies. ](/news/2004/03/2/the-european-union-imposes-additional-5-tariffs-on-a-wide-range-of-goods-imported-from-the-united-states-such-as-honey-paper-and-nuclea.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization, paper_
3. [ The European Union asks the World Trade Organization for authorization to impose trade sanctions against the United States in response to the U.S.'s anti-dumping scheme, which has been ruled illegal by the WTO.](/news/2004/01/15/the-european-union-asks-the-world-trade-organization-for-authorization-to-impose-trade-sanctions-against-the-united-states-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization, anti-dumping_
4. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and EU officials sign the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA). ](/news/2016/10/30/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-and-eu-officials-sign-the-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreement-ceta.md) _Context: Canada, EU_
5. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, EU_
6. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
7. [ The Sixth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization opened in Hong Kong. European Union Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson said that he expected little progress on resolving disagreements between ministers. Meanwhile, some protesters from South Korea unsuccessfully attempted to bypass the cordon to reach the location of the conference by swimming across Victoria Harbour. ](/news/2005/12/13/the-sixth-ministerial-conference-of-the-world-trade-organization-opened-in-hong-kong-european-union-trade-commissioner-peter-mandelson-sai.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
8. [ Avian influenza is detected in Croatia. Six of twelve swans were infected by an H5 type of virus. The swans were found near Orahovica. It is suspected that they came to Croatia from a still unknown place in the European Union. The Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service discovers antibodies of avian influenza and newcastle disease in pigeons imported from Canada to Melbourne, leading to a blanket ban on all live bird imports from Canada. ](/news/2005/10/21/avian-influenza-is-detected-in-croatia-six-of-twelve-swans-were-infected-by-an-h5-type-of-virus-the-swans-were-found-near-orahovica-it-i.md) _Context: Canada, EU_
9. [ The 148 members of the World Trade Organization officially appoint the former European Union Trade Commissioner, Pascal Lamy, as its 5th Director-General. ](/news/2005/05/27/the-148-members-of-the-world-trade-organization-officially-appoint-the-former-european-union-trade-commissioner-pascal-lamy-as-its-5th-di.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
10. [Facing the threat of a trade war, U.S. President George W. Bush lifts 20-month-old tariffs on foreign steel. Within minutes of the announcement, the European Union announces that it is lifting its threat of sanctions on $2.2 billion of U.S. products that would have taken effect in mid-December based on a ruling from the World Trade Organization that the tariffs were in violation of global trade rules. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=544&e=1&u=/ap/20031204/ap_on_go_pr_wh/bush_steel]](/news/2003/12/4/facing-the-threat-of-a-trade-war-u-s-president-george-w-bush-lifts-20-month-old-tariffs-on-foreign-steel-within-minutes-of-the-announcem.md) _Context: EU, World Trade Organization_
