### [2004-11-19](/news/2004/11/19/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The commander of the Israeli Defense Force, Moshe Yaalon, orders an investigation "to reach the truth" of claims by the Yediot Ahronot newspaper that IDF troops abused Palestinian corpses. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4026859.stm)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: IDF soldiers near Hebron shoot an unarmed Palestinian, who later died. The IDF states that the man was trying to run through the gate; the soldiers yelled for him to halt, which he did not; they then shot the man. ](/news/2007/06/22/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-idf-soldiers-near-hebron-shoot-an-unarmed-palestinian-who-later-died-the-idf-states-that-the-man-was-trying-to.md) _Context: Israeli soldier, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]date=September 2016 bot=medicbot=medic](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israeli.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian militant Khaled Abu Sitta is killed and three others injured when Sitta's car explodes in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian sources say the explosion was caused by an Israeli air strike, although the Israeli Defense Force denies any involvement but admits bombing roads and bridges and shooting dead a suspect.](/news/2005/12/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militant-khaled-abu-sitta-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-when-sitta-s-car-explodes-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Israeli soldier, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [ An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-unarmed-palestinian-boy-13-years-old-is-shot-dead-by-israel-defense-forces-troops-israel-declares-its-intention-to-hold-an-inquiry-in.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Israeli soldier, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank. The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. ](/news/2005/08/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-kills-3-palestinian-civilians-in-the-west-bank-the-attack-was-condemned-by-ariel-sharon-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian man has been shot dead by Israeli soldiers, who had suspected him of involvement in a Suicide bombing. ](/news/2005/07/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-man-has-been-shot-dead-by-israeli-soldiers-who-had-suspected-him-of-involvement-in-a-suicide-b.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
