### [2011-10-24](/news/2011/10/24/index.md)

# Following Tunisia's first election since the ousting of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali in January, the moderate Islamist Renaissance Party declares victory, with their centre-left rivals, the Progressive Democratic Party, conceding defeat. The official results of the election are due to be released next week. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/24/us-tunisia-election-idUSTRE79L28820111024)

### Related:

1. [Former President of Tunisia Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is sentenced to 20 years imprisonment ''in absentia'' by a Tunisian military court for inciting murder and violence during the revolution that ousted him from power in January 2011. ](/news/2012/06/13/former-president-of-tunisia-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-is-sentenced-to-20-years-imprisonment-in-absentia-by-a-tunisian-military-court-for-i.md) _Context: Jasmine Revolution of 2011, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
2. [The moderate Islamist Renaissance Party (Nahda) officially wins the Tunisian Constituent Assembly election, gaining more than 41% of the vote and securing 90 of the 217 parliamentary seats being contested. ](/news/2011/10/27/the-moderate-islamist-renaissance-party-nahda-officially-wins-the-tunisian-constituent-assembly-election-gaining-more-than-41-of-the-vot.md) _Context: Islamist, Tunisian Constituent Assembly_
3. [Voters in Tunisia go to the polls for the country's first election since the Tunisian Revolution. ](/news/2011/10/23/voters-in-tunisia-go-to-the-polls-for-the-country-s-first-election-since-the-tunisian-revolution.md) _Context: Jasmine Revolution of 2011, Tunisian Constituent Assembly_
4. [Tunisian revolution: It is announced that the trial of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, ousted from power during the popular revolution, is to begin on 20 June. ](/news/2011/06/13/tunisian-revolution-it-is-announced-that-the-trial-of-zine-el-abidine-ben-ali-ousted-from-power-during-the-popular-revolution-is-to-begin.md) _Context: Jasmine Revolution of 2011, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
5. [League football is to resume in Tunisia on 17 April for the first time since December when the Tunisian revolution, which toppled Zine El Abidine Ben Ali from decades-long rule, began. ](/news/2011/04/7/league-football-is-to-resume-in-tunisia-on-17-april-for-the-first-time-since-december-when-the-tunisian-revolution-which-toppled-zine-el-ab.md) _Context: Jasmine Revolution of 2011, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
6. [Arab Spring:Tunisian revolution: Thousands of people demonstrate in Tunis to demand both the resignation of interim prime minister Beji Caid el Sebsi, a link with the old guard brought down in January's popular revolution, and the prosecution of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, who fled to Saudi Arabia after being ousted, on charges such as murder and drug-trafficking. ](/news/2011/04/24/arab-spring-ptunisian-revolution-thousands-of-people-demonstrate-in-tunis-to-demand-both-the-resignation-of-interim-prime-minister-beji-cai.md) _Context: Jasmine Revolution of 2011, Zine El Abidine Ben Ali_
7. [Almost 2,000 families are displaced in Mindanao region of the Philippines due to clashes between government forces and Islamist militants. ](/news/2016/11/29/almost-2-000-families-are-displaced-in-mindanao-region-of-the-philippines-due-to-clashes-between-government-forces-and-islamist-militants.md) _Context: Islamist_
8. [The Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet wins the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize for its "decisive contribution to the building of a pluralistic democracy in Tunisia in the wake of the Jasmine Revolution of 2011." The Tunisian General Labour Union (UGTT), the Tunisian Confederation of Industry, Trade and Handicrafts (UTICA), the Tunisian Human Rights League (LTDH), and the Tunisian Order of Lawyers comprise the quartet. ](/news/2015/10/9/the-tunisian-national-dialogue-quartet-wins-the-2015-nobel-peace-prize-for-its-decisive-contribution-to-the-building-of-a-pluralistic-democ.md) _Context: Jasmine Revolution of 2011_
9. [ Fourteen Sufi mausoleums in the city of Timbuktu in northern Mali have been rebuilt, three years after they were destroyed by Islamist militants from Ansar Dine group. ](/news/2015/07/19/fourteen-sufi-mausoleums-in-the-city-of-timbuktu-in-northern-mali-have-been-rebuilt-three-years-after-they-were-destroyed-by-islamist-mili.md) _Context: Islamist_
10. [Bangladesh's Supreme Court upholds the death sentence against senior Islamist leader Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed in an appeal hearing. ](/news/2015/06/16/bangladesh-s-supreme-court-upholds-the-death-sentence-against-senior-islamist-leader-ali-ahsan-mohammad-mojaheed-in-an-appeal-hearing.md) _Context: Islamist_
