### [2011-10-24](/news/2011/10/24/index.md)

# Ghulam Nabi Azad, India's Minister of Health and Family Welfare, reports that the country has almost entirely eradicated polio through a vaccination program which immunises over 170 million children every year. No new polio cases have been reported in India for over nine months. 

India has &quot;never been closer&quot; to wiping out polio, Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad declares as he marks World Polio Day.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-15425852)

### Related:

1. [A bomb attack on a polio vaccination team in a village in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province kills at least ten people. ](/news/2014/03/1/a-bomb-attack-on-a-polio-vaccination-team-in-a-village-in-khyber-pakhtunkhwa-province-kills-at-least-ten-people.md) _Context: polio, vaccination_
2. [Taliban insurgency:Gunmen kill six health workers engaged in a polio vaccination drive in Pakistan, highlighting resistance to a program opposed by the Taliban. ](/news/2012/12/18/taliban-insurgency-pgunmen-kill-six-health-workers-engaged-in-a-polio-vaccination-drive-in-pakistan-highlighting-resistance-to-a-program-op.md) _Context: polio, vaccination_
3. [The World Health Organisation removes India from the list of polio endemic countries with only Pakistan, Afghanistan and Nigeria remaining. ](/news/2012/02/25/the-world-health-organisation-removes-india-from-the-list-of-polio-endemic-countries-with-only-pakistan-afghanistan-and-nigeria-remaining.md) _Context: India, polio_
4. [Ghulam Nabi Azad, health minister of India, describes homosexual sex as "unnatural" and homosexuality as a "disease" which is "spreading fast" throughout the country. ](/news/2011/07/5/ghulam-nabi-azad-health-minister-of-india-describes-homosexual-sex-as-unnatural-and-homosexuality-as-a-disease-which-is-spreading-fas.md) _Context: Ghulam Nabi Azad, India_
5. [ Indonesia intends to vaccinate 6.4 million children against polio in the next couple of days. There are already 16 cases in the country. ](/news/2005/05/31/indonesia-intends-to-vaccinate-6-4-million-children-against-polio-in-the-next-couple-of-days-there-are-already-16-cases-in-the-country.md) _Context: polio, vaccination_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
