### [2011-10-24](/news/2011/10/24/index.md)

# The corpses of 53 pro-Muammar Gaddafi fighters are found in Sirte, all having apparently been summarily executed by NTC troops. 

The bodies of 53 Gaddafi supporters are found outside a hotel in the city of Sirte after apparently being executed, a rights group says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15428360)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
2. [2011 Libyan civil war: After a lengthy and bloody siege, National Transitional Council forces approach the center of the city of Sirte, facing heavy resistance from troops loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/8/2011-libyan-civil-war-after-a-lengthy-and-bloody-siege-national-transitional-council-forces-approach-the-center-of-the-city-of-sirte-faci.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
3. [Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his-hometown-of-sirte-liby.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: Forces loyal to the National Transitional Council (NTC) enter Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte, as the NTC's three-day assault on the city intensifies. ](/news/2011/09/26/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-the-national-transitional-council-ntc-enter-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-as-the-ntc-s-thr.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
5. [2011 Libyan civil war: In the pro-Muammar Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte, National Transitional Council forces are massing in a square about a kilometer (0.6 miles) from the city center, as they weather heavy fire from pro-Gaddafi snipers. ](/news/2011/09/24/2011-libyan-civil-war-in-the-pro-muammar-gaddafi-stronghold-of-sirte-national-transitional-council-forces-are-massing-in-a-square-about-a.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafias-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
7. [The Libyan National Transitional Council gives an ultimatum to supporters of Muammar Gaddafi in Sirte to surrender by the end of Eid ul-Fitr on Saturday. ](/news/2011/08/30/the-libyan-national-transitional-council-gives-an-ultimatum-to-supporters-of-muammar-gaddafi-in-sirte-to-surrender-by-the-end-of-eid-ul-fitr.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council, Sirte_
8. [In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. ](/news/2012/01/24/in-libya-the-town-of-bani-walid-a-former-stronghold-of-muammar-gaddafi-revolts-against-the-national-transitional-council-government.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
9. [Libya's National Transitional Council criticizes Niger's offer of asylum to ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saadi Gaddafi, for whom Interpol has issued an arrest warrant, saying Niger's position is "hostile" and a "challenge" to Libya. ](/news/2011/11/14/libya-s-national-transitional-council-criticizes-niger-s-offer-of-asylum-to-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saadi-gaddafi-for.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
10. [The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defence-minister-abu-bakr-yunis-jabr.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
