### [2011-10-24](/news/2011/10/24/index.md)

# Torrential rain causes flooding in parts of the United Kingdom, with Cornwall, West Devon, Pembrokeshire and Northern Ireland most affected. 

Parts of south-west England, Northern Ireland and Wales begin to clear up after flooding on Monday, while north-east Scotland is warned to prepare for heavy rain.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-15429159)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, United Kingdom_
2. [Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-warnings-for-south-w.md) _Context: Cornish, United Kingdom_
3. [United Kingdom assumes presidency of G8 group. Next G8 summit is to be held on the shores of Lough Erne in Northern Ireland in June 2013. ](/news/2013/01/1/united-kingdom-assumes-presidency-of-g8-group-next-g8-summit-is-to-be-held-on-the-shores-of-lough-erne-in-northern-ireland-in-june-2013.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, United Kingdom_
4. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, United Kingdom_
5. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, United Kingdom_
6. [ The United Kingdom devolves political power in Northern Ireland to the Northern Ireland Executive. ](/news/1999/12/2/the-united-kingdom-devolves-political-power-in-northern-ireland-to-the-northern-ireland-executive.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates' foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-count.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until  at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-an.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
