### [2005-11-25](/news/2005/11/25/index.md)

#  Al Jazeera bombing memo:: Reporters Without Borders voice concerns over the Al Jazeera bombing memo and their shock over the reporting ban placed by the UK government on the issue. 

Latest breaking news, including politics, crime and celebrity. Find stories, updates and expert opinion.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4469044.stm)
2. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/11/25/ujaz.xml&sSheet=/portal/2005/11/25/ixportaltop.html)
3. [New Kerala](http://www.newkerala.com/news.php?action=fullnews&id=56941)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)]: Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer]: The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)]: An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)]: Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)]: The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc.md) _Context: Al Jazeera bombing memo, Britain_
2. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the "Daily Mirror" newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Britain_
3. [ Al Jazeera bombing memo: British "Daily Mirror" tabloid publishes an article suggesting that George W. Bush discussed with Tony Blair a plan to bomb the offices of the Al Jazeera TV station. ](/news/2005/11/22/al-jazeera-bombing-memo-british-daily-mirror-tabloid-publishes-an-article-suggesting-that-george-w-bush-discussed-with-tony-blair-a-pla.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Al Jazeera bombing memo_
4. [Al Jazeera controversies and criticism: Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/al-jazeera-controversies-and-criticism-israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrori.md) _Context: Al Jazeera_
5. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [MasterCard: A United Kingdom court blocks a GBP14 billion class action lawsuit against MasterCard. ](/news/2017/07/22/mastercard-a-united-kingdom-court-blocks-a-agbp14-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-mastercard.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [London Fisheries Convention: The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/london-fisheries-convention-the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [Human rights in China: Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain_
