### [2005-11-25](/news/2005/11/25/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: German archaeologist Susanne Osthoff is kidnapped in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4480480.stm)

### Related:

1. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
2. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
3. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
4. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
5. [ A suicide car bomb at a market in Balad, Iraq kills 25. U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates also arrives in Iraq from a Germany security conference to meet with Iraqi leaders, General David Petraeus and U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker. ](/news/2008/02/10/a-suicide-car-bomb-at-a-market-in-balad-iraq-kills-25-u-s-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-also-arrives-in-iraq-from-a-germany-security.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
6. [ German hostages Ren Brunlich and Thomas Nitzschke are freed. Both were taken hostage in Iraq on January 24, 2006. ](/news/2006/05/2/german-hostages-rene-braunlich-and-thomas-nitzschke-are-freed-both-were-taken-hostage-in-iraq-on-january-24-2006.md) _Context: German, Iraq_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 50 die following a series of insurgent attacks across Iraq, including a suicide bomb at a Shia funeral which left 36 mourners dead. ](/news/2006/01/4/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-50-die-following-a-series-of-insurgent-attacks-across-iraq-including-a-suicide-bomb-at-a-shia-funeral-which-lef.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Former chief of the RUC police force will head a British investigation into possible infiltration of Iraq's police force by insurgents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/4497128.stm (BBC)] Former prime minister Iyad Allawi says he survived an assassination attempt at the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf. Police say his group fled from the Shi'ite Muslim shrine under a hail of debris by a mob. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-12-04T174641Z_01_MOL463885_RTRUKOC_0_UK-IRAQ.xml (ReutersUK)](Link dead as of 22:46, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/12/04/international/middleeast/04cnd-iraq.html?hp&ex=1133758800&en=5c16772029d814d2&ei=5094&partner=homepage (NYTimes)] (registration required)](/news/2005/12/4/conflict-in-iraq-p-former-chief-of-the-ruc-police-force-will-head-a-british-investigation-into-possible-infiltration-of-iraq-s-police-force.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq:  Four American soldiers are killed following an IED attack in the Iraqi capital Baghdad. ](/news/2005/12/13/conflict-in-iraq-p-four-american-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-ied-attack-in-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: Seven U.K. troops accused of murdering an Iraqi civilian have had their cases dropped after a judge ruled that there was insufficient evidence against the soldiers and that the Iraqi witnesses lied. ](/news/2005/11/3/conflict-in-iraq-seven-u-k-troops-accused-of-murdering-an-iraqi-civilian-have-had-their-cases-dropped-after-a-judge-ruled-that-there-was.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq_
