### [2010-08-12](/news/2010/08/12/index.md)

# Mohammad-Reza Rahimi, the Vice-President of Iran describes inhabitants of the United Kingdom as "not human" and "a bunch of idiots run by a mafia". He also describes Australians as "a bunch of cattlemen" and says that Koreans "need to be slapped". 




### Source:

1. [UK Press Association via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5g4zuSGEt-pSIYAkj-lW5_MzA3jUw)

### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom government agrees to sell the UK Green Investment Bank to a group led chiefly by Australian financial firm Macquarie Group for $3 billion, in a deal criticized as not securing the future of the bank. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-united-kingdom-government-agrees-to-sell-the-uk-green-investment-bank-to-a-group-led-chiefly-by-australian-financial-firm-macquarie-grou.md) _Context: Australia, United Kingdom_
2. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, South Korea_
3. [Iranian-born Australian politician Sam Dastyari pledges his support for China's position in the dispute. ](/news/2016/09/1/iranian-born-australian-politician-sam-dastyari-pledges-his-support-for-china-s-position-in-the-dispute.md) _Context: Australia, Iran_
4. [North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Kingdom, Thae Yong-ho, defects with his family to South Korea. ](/news/2016/08/17/north-korea-s-deputy-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-thae-yong-ho-defects-with-his-family-to-south-korea.md) _Context: South Korea, United Kingdom_
5. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Australia, United Kingdom_
6. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: Australia, Iran_
7. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Iran_
8. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, United Kingdom_
9. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, United Kingdom_
10. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, United Kingdom_
