### [2010-08-12](/news/2010/08/12/index.md)

# Poland extradites Israeli citizen and suspected spy Uri Brodsky to Germany to face charges of being involved in the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. 

Poland extradites to Germany a suspected Israeli agent wanted in connection with the killing in Dubai of a Hamas commander, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10957922)
2. [Daily Express](http://www.dailyexpress.co.uk/posts/view/192827/Israeli-spy-extradited-to-Germany/)

### Related:

1. [Germany allows suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, connected of the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, to go free after his recent extradition from Poland. ](/news/2010/08/13/germany-allows-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-connected-of-the-murder-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-to-go-free-after-his-recent-extrad.md) _Context: Dubai, Germany, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Polish, Uri Brodsky, extradited, the assassination_
2. [Release of Uri Brodsky:: Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/14/release-of-uri-brodsky-officials-in-the-united-arab-emirates-express-concern-after-germany-releases-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-who.md) _Context: Dubai, Germany, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Uri Brodsky, the assassination_
3. [A Polish appellate court upholds the decision of a lower court to extradite an alleged Mossad agent to Germany to face trial for forging a passport used in the slaying of Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/5/a-polish-appellate-court-upholds-the-decision-of-a-lower-court-to-extradite-an-alleged-mossad-agent-to-germany-to-face-trial-for-forging-a-p.md) _Context: Dubai, Germany, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Polish, extradited_
4. [Israeli Uri Brodsky, suspected of assisting the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai, is permitted to be extradited from Poland to Germany. ](/news/2010/07/7/israeli-uri-brodsky-suspected-of-assisting-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dubai-is-permitted-to-be-extradited-from-poland-to-g.md) _Context: Dubai, Germany, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Polish, the assassination_
5. [Poland detains a wanted man it says is the Israeli Mossad spy who used a German passport in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, while Germany seeks his extradition. ](/news/2010/06/12/poland-detains-a-wanted-man-it-says-is-the-israeli-mossad-spy-who-used-a-german-passport-in-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-while-g.md) _Context: Germany, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Polish, the assassination_
6. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
7. [Mossad announces an intention to apologize to Britain for using fake British passports during the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January 2010. ](/news/2010/12/25/mossad-announces-an-intention-to-apologize-to-britain-for-using-fake-british-passports-during-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-dub.md) _Context: Dubai, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, the assassination_
8. [Assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh:: Police in Dubai order an arrest warrant for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the head of Mossad in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/03/2/assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-police-in-dubai-order-an-arrest-warrant-for-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-head-of.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
9. [In response to the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Dubai's police chief states that travelers suspected of being Israeli will not be allowed into the United Arab Emirates even if they arrive with passports issued by other countries. ](/news/2010/03/1/in-response-to-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-dubai-s-police-chief-states-that-travelers-suspected-of-being-israeli-will-not-be-al.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, the assassination_
10. [Australia summons the Israeli ambassador to explain why three new suspects over the Dubai killing of a Hamas leader, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, used Australian passports. ](/news/2010/02/25/australia-summons-the-israeli-ambassador-to-explain-why-three-new-suspects-over-the-dubai-killing-of-a-hamas-leader-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-use.md) _Context: Dubai, Israel, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh_
