### [2003-07-5](/news/2003/07/5/index.md)

#  Second Chechen War: At least 16 people are killed and 40 injured by two female suicide bombers in an attack at ''Krylya'', a popular music festival, at the Tushino airfield near Moscow. The Russian authorities blame an on-going terrorism campaign by Chechen rebels; the Chechen government denies any connection to the attacks. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3047386.stm)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:Five police officers are killed and twelve others wounded in a suicide bombing in Grozny, the capital of Russia's North Caucasian republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2014/10/5/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-pfive-police-officers-are-killed-and-twelve-others-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-grozny-the-capital-of-r.md) _Context: Chechnya, suicide bombing_
2. [ A Russian Mi-8 military transport helicopter is shot down during the fighting near Shatoy, Chechnya by Chechen rebels, resulting in the death of at least 20 Russian soldiers. ](/news/2007/04/27/a-russian-mi-8-military-transport-helicopter-is-shot-down-during-the-fighting-near-shatoy-chechnya-by-chechen-rebels-resulting-in-the-dea.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
3. [ An explosion at Russian military base at Kurchaloi in Chechnya kills at least 12 soldiers. The cause is unknown; however, a separatist attack has been officially ruled out. ](/news/2006/02/8/an-explosion-at-russian-military-base-at-kurchaloi-in-chechnya-kills-at-least-12-soldiers-the-cause-is-unknown-however-a-separatist-atta.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
4. [Suicide bombers blow up a morning rush-hour commuter train in Russia's Northern Caucasus, on the border with Chechnya; at least 40 people are killed. ](/news/2003/12/5/suicide-bombers-blow-up-a-morning-rush-hour-commuter-train-in-russia-s-northern-caucasus-on-the-border-with-chechnya-at-least-40-people-ar.md) _Context: Chechnya, suicide bombing_
5. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Special forces of the Russian army attack the Chechen separatists who were holding hostages in a Moscow theater. Fifty of the 53 separatists and 117 of the 800 hostages are killed. Most of hostages were killed by poison gas used by the special forces, with most of the surviving hostages hospitalised with gas poisoning.](/news/2002/10/26/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-special-forces-of-the-russian-army-attack-the-chechen-separatists-who-were-holding-hostages-in-a.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
6. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: The Chechen separatist "suicide squad" release eight children, but keep some 700 people hostage in a Moscow theater rigged with explosives. Diplomats wait for the gunmen to honor a pledge to free about 75 foreigners among their hostages, including Australians, Austrians, Britons, Germans and three Americans.](/news/2002/10/25/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-the-chechen-separatist-suicide-squad-release-eight-children-but-keep-some-700-people-hostage-i.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
7. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: The Chechen rebels holding hundreds of hostages in a Moscow theater shot and killed one captive and said they were ready to die for their cause, warning that thousands more of their comrades were "keen on dying." ](/news/2002/10/24/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-the-chechen-rebels-holding-hundreds-of-hostages-in-a-moscow-theater-shot-and-killed-one-captive-a.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
8. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Suspected Chechen guerrillas took hundreds hostage in a theater in Moscow, threatening to blow up the building and demanding withdrawal of Russian troops from Chechnya.](/news/2002/10/23/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-suspected-chechen-guerrillas-took-hundreds-hostage-in-a-theater-in-moscow-threatening-to-blow-up.md) _Context: Chechen War, Chechnya_
9. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
10. [A coordinated suicide bombing attack on a police station in the town of Gardez in Paktia Province results in dozens of people killed and injured. ](/news/2017/06/18/a-coordinated-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-police-station-in-the-town-of-gardez-in-paktia-province-results-in-dozens-of-people-killed-and-inj.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
