### [2017-04-5](/news/2017/04/5/index.md)

# A USAF F-16 crashes shortly after takeoff from Joint Base Andrews in Prince George's County, Maryland. The pilot inside ejected safely and was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries. 

A military fighter jet that left Joint Base Andrews Wednesday morning crashed about two miles south on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/04/05/military-jet-crashes-after-taking-off-from-joint-base-andrews-report.html)

### Related:

1. [A United States Air Force  F-16 crashes during takeoff from Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan. The pilot ejected safely and was recovered by coalition forces, according to a U.S. military statement. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-states-air-force-f-16-crashes-during-takeoff-from-bagram-airfield-in-afghanistan-the-pilot-ejected-safely-and-was-recovered-by-co.md) _Context: F-16, United States Air Force_
2. [The United States Air Force's unmanned spacecraft X-37B successfully lands at Kennedy Space Center's Shuttle Landing Facility in Merritt Island, Florida, after spending a record-breaking 718 days in orbit. The landing was responsible for reports of sonic booms across central Florida. ](/news/2017/05/7/the-united-states-air-force-s-unmanned-spacecraft-x-37b-successfully-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-s-shuttle-landing-facility-in-merritt-isl.md) _Context: United States Air Force_
3. [The United States Air Force drops the GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast in Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, reportedly on an ISIL complex of tunnels and caves. This is the first use of the weapon on the battlefield.  ](/news/2017/04/13/the-united-states-air-force-drops-the-gbu-43-b-massive-ordnance-air-blast-in-nangarhar-province-afghanistan-reportedly-on-an-isil-complex.md) _Context: United States Air Force_
4. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: F-16_
5. [An Israeli Air Force F-16 crashes while attempting to land at Ramon Airbase in southern Israel, killing the pilot. A navigator who was also in the aircraft successfully ejects and escapes the incident unharmed. ](/news/2016/10/5/an-israeli-air-force-f-16-crashes-while-attempting-to-land-at-ramon-airbase-in-southern-israel-killing-the-pilot-a-navigator-who-was-also.md) _Context: F-16_
6. [The Obama administration chooses retired United States Air Force Brigadier General Gregory Touhill the first federal CISO chief, who reports to the CIO of the U.S. Tony Scott. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-obama-administration-chooses-retired-united-states-air-force-brigadier-general-gregory-touhill-the-first-federal-ciso-chief-who-reports.md) _Context: United States Air Force_
7. [A United States Air Force U-2 reconnaissance aircraft crashes in Northern California, shortly after takeoff from Beale Air Force Base, killing one pilot and injuring another. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-united-states-air-force-u-2-reconnaissance-aircraft-crashes-in-northern-california-shortly-after-takeoff-from-beale-air-force-base-killi.md) _Context: United States Air Force_
8. [A man is killed, and two others are injured (a man in critical condition and a woman with non-life-threatening injuries), in the parking lot of Westfield Montgomery Mall in Potomac in Montgomery County, Maryland, near Washington, D.C. Soon after, a woman is killed at a grocery store some miles away. Police suspect that the same shooter may be behind both crime scene incidents. Police in both Montgomery County and neighboring Prince George's County are also examining whether this person is the same as the male involved in the fatal shooting the previous day of a woman, Gladys Tordil, who was allegedly shot (a bystander who tried to help was also wounded) by her estranged abusive husband, tentatively identified as Eulalio Tordil, 62, a former Federal Protective Service officer. ](/news/2016/05/6/a-man-is-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-a-man-in-critical-condition-and-a-woman-with-non-life-threatening-injuries-in-the-parking-lot.md) _Context: Prince George's County, Maryland_
9. [A United States Air Force B-52 Stratofortress crashes at Andersen Air Force Base on Guam. All seven aircrew members escaped. No injuries have been reported. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-united-states-air-force-b-52-stratofortress-crashes-at-andersen-air-force-base-on-guam-all-seven-aircrew-members-escaped-no-injuries-hav.md) _Context: United States Air Force_
10. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: United States Air Force_
