### [2017-04-5](/news/2017/04/5/index.md)

# Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. 

China and Finland will increase cooperation under the China-European Union framework, President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday after arriving in Finland for his first visit as head of state.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-finland-china-idUSKBN1771CX)

### Related:

1. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: United States, Xi Jinping_
2. [General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China Xi Jinping will make his first state visit to the United States next September. ](/news/2015/02/11/general-secretary-of-the-central-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-xi-jinping-will-make-his-first-state-visit-to-the-united-states-n.md) _Context: United States, Xi Jinping_
3. [The Vice-President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama during a visit to the United States. ](/news/2012/02/14/the-vice-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-xi-jinping-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-during-a-visit-to.md) _Context: United States, Xi Jinping_
4. [Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". ](/news/2010/11/11/iceland-opens-an-inquiry-as-it-emerges-that-its-citizens-may-be-being-spied-on-by-the-united-states-embassy-this-follows-similar-investigat.md) _Context: Finland, United States_
5. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
6. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
8. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
